Assistant Directory, IT Systems Administration Assistant Directory, <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administration IT Leader Cockeysville, MD Accomplished IT Leader who has successfully led people and project teams, implemented and managed technology programs and million dollar budgets. Over fifteen years, has mastered the ability to implement emerging technologies into practical business applications. Planned and led desktop productivity, telecommunication, web-based application, training initiatives and customer service solution projects using innovative technologies in corporate and non-profit environments. Accomplished communicator working among the many levels of corporate and non-profit organizations. Proven track record in redefining and re-energizing inefficient IT departments. Areas of expertise include:    Project Management, Multi-site operations, Presentations and Training, Relationship and Team Building, Staff supervision, Consultant/Vendor negotiation and management, Budgeting and Financial Reporting, Process Reengineering, Quality and Performance Improvement, Turnaround and Crisis Management, Creative Problem Solving, Decision Making Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Directory, IT Systems Administration University of Maryland, Baltimore (UMB) - Baltimore, MD January 2019 to Present • Provides general direction and leadership for all aspects of IT endpoint security and support in order to maintain their efficient operation.  • Partners with other IT teams on a regular basis in setting strategic goals/objectives, and/or in fostering improvements in policies/procedures for the entire department/unit.  • Leads staff of technicians to support IT endpoints for all of UMB’s Central Administration.  • Oversees in the recruitment/interviewing and training functions to continually review strengths and weaknesses in maintaining a staff of well-trained, highly involved and motivated employees.  • Maintains and nurtures effective communication and partnerships throughout the campus by conferring with business unit and campus leadership on issues pertaining to the promotion and understanding of the departmental functions.  • Proactively represents CITS through participation in campus meetings and special projects.  • Designs, administers and maintains all tech-enabled conference rooms. Founder Zigmo Consulting 2001 to Present Performed software and hardware training.  ? Secure cloud data migration.  ? Business needs analysis.  ? Developed and presented training materials.  ? Inventory/Moves/Changes for various companies.  ? Constructed/installed/maintained PC/Mac/Linux desktops and servers. IT Manager Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD August 2010 to July 2018 ? Led IT team ensuring that all students, faculty and staff have access to all required IT resources.  ? Collaborated with all business areas at SOE to improve efficiency and remove redundancies.  ? Partnered with Hopkins divisional IT leaders and Central IT to gain access to Enterprise resources  used at SOE.  ? Managed all SOE IT projects including:  o Implementing Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager.  o Videoconferencing implementations: Zoom, Skype for Business and Polycom RealPresence.  o Migration to VOIP.  o Microsoft Windows and Office upgrades and cloud integration.  o Virtual application setup and access for all online programs.  ? Represented SOE divisional leadership at meetings both within and outside of Johns Hopkins.  ? Created and implemented all IT policies to ensure access to resources and provide data security.  ? Directed IT department to deploy resources to SOE students, faculty and staff. IT Manager Pier 59 Studios 2008 to 2010 Administered Cisco network router, switches, wireless controller and firewall for LAN and  WAN.  ? Administered Microsoft Server 2000, 2003 & 2008 servers and Active Directory.  ? Administered wired and wireless VOIP Telecom system.  ? Administered antivirus and security software.  ? Multi-site customer support for PC/Mac/Linux desktop and server, printing, phone and network  issues  ? Purchased, installed and migrated commercial and open source enterprise software.  ? Worked with existing vendors and developed relationships with new vendors.  ? Led IT Customer Relations team.  ? Project Manager for following projects: ? Accounting software changeover: Wrote project plan, reviewed and prepared hardware,  coordinated staff, wrote documentation, train the trainer, installed server software and trained  installers for desktop software  ? Shared calendars: Wrote project plan, led staff meetings to discuss needs, reviewed and setup  software, created MySQL database, configured server and workstations, trained trainer and staff.  ? Billing work flow: Wrote project plan, led staff meetings to discuss needs, wrote draft and final work flow. Helpdesk Manager Metropolitan College of New York - New York, NY 2002 to 2008 Managed Cisco Router and Switches for LAN and WAN.  ? Migrated all computers, servers and printers to Active Directory.  ? Reengineered customer contact procedures.  ? Project Management for inventory, operational and work order projects.  ? Reduced costs in inventory, software, vendor and consultant relations.  ? Managed technical staff and consultants.  ? Inventory/Moves/Changes for all desktop and server hardware.  ? Installed and maintained all PC/Mac workstations and servers.  ? Multi-site Customer support/troubleshooting for desktop, server, printing and network issues. Project Management for Infrastructure and Systems Engineering groups Various, HarperCollins Publishers 1992 to 2001 1992 - 2001    ? Created and maintained web sites.  ? Project Management for Infrastructure and Systems Engineering groups.  ? Installed/supported PC/Mac desktops and servers. Education BA in Philosophy Trinity College Skills Microsoft Office 365 administration (3 years), Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager administration (5 years), Microsoft Active Directory administration (10+ years), Microsoft SQL Server reporting (10+ years), Qualtrics administration (3 years), Blackboard (4 years), mobile administration (10+ years), Microsoft Windows (10+ years), Mac OS X (10+ years), Training (10+ years), Training Delivery (10+ years), Trainer (10+ years), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Wordpress (4 years), Budgeting (8 years), Budget Management (8 years), Budget Development (8 years), Project Management (8 years), Staff Development (8 years), Staff Management (8 years), Vendor Relations (10+ years), Team Building (8 years), Team Leader (8 years), IT Management (10+ years), It Project Management (8 years), It Service Management (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Process Development (8 years), Process Improvements (10+ years), Telecommunications (4 years), Telephone Skills (10+ years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Word Processing (10+ years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Powershell (1 year), Microsoft Hyper-V (2 years), Sharepoint (8 years), Customer Service (10+ years), exchange, Network Administration, Strategic Planning Certifications/Licenses CCENT May 2011 to May 2014 Driver's License