Program Manager/ Project Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program and Project Manager Nashville, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager/ Project Manager Mountain Limited / Cummins Inc - Columbus, IN September 2018 to Present Product CyberSecurity  • Plan, direct, and coordinate activities in engineering, research and development, financial systems and product roll-out,   • Utilize knowledge of engineering technology, production processes, quality control, costs and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods.   • Work with industry experts to create cybersecurity best practices.  • Coordinate projects, making detailed plans to accomplish goals and direct the integration of technical activities. Ensure utilization of resources for efficiency.  • Create, present and explain proposals, reports and findings to clients, and management.  • Track team financials, and manage the budget. Vendors, customers, AP and AR.  • Recruit employees, assign, direct, and evaluate their work, and oversee the development and maintenance of staff competence.  • Analyze technology, resource needs and market demand, to plan and assess the feasibility of projects.  • Plan and coordinate conferences, and hackathons.  • Create cybersecurity training materials, and maintain SharePoint sites. Project Manager hth Companies - Lafayette, IN July 2017 to June 2018 • Coordinated with customers, estimated project costs, prepared project proposals, and submitted them to the clients.    • Tracked the status of the project through completion, analyzed productivity, and kept productivity records for estimating.    • Built relationships with clients, crew, and vendors. Solved problems, and took appropriate action, with a willingness to help teams in the field.    • Reviewed project drawings and specifications to verify scope of work, applied material pricing, and labor costs. Responsible for the budget of the project.    • Worked with customers to find solutions to time, cost, weather, equipment, etc issues.    • Coordinated with field personnel and customer management to ensure project scope was understood. IT Project Manager Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN December 2014 to July 2017 * Provided expertise in managing projects to successful completion. These projects spanned multiple business units, and details/reports were provided using Innotas and SharePoint.  * Responsible for projects that were typically in the field of educational, and/or innovative technology and involved individual technologies, vendors, and working with faculty.  * Supervised Web Accessibility, and Active Learning Spaces Graduate student positions. (1-5 students)  * Demonstrated knowledge of project management principles, practices and concepts (PMBOK), as well as Microsoft Project.  * Demonstrated the ability to lead, influence and motivate project teams, as well as outside areas.  * Followed IT business practices and understood the impact that the project work has on the organization.  * Communicated effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences, facilitated employee interactions and resolved issues in a professional manner.  * Experience working with diverse teams and stakeholders.  * Documenting of processes and providing technical documentation. Coordinated large scale testing.  * Projects have included:  ? Creation of 4 math courses within LON-CAPA, saving students $1,000,000 each year. [Partnered with Educational Technologists, and Instructional Designers.]  ? Working with 10 authors to create online textbooks, saving students thousands of dollars in textbook fees.  ? Determining a proctoring solution for Purdue campus.  ? Creation of an accessible version of an Active Learning Spaces map of campus. This map allows those with disabilities to more easily navigate Purdue's campus.  ? Designed Active Learning Spaces training for instructors and Teaching Assistants.  ? ACA reporting. Federal Mandate requiring notice of Medical coverage.  ? FootPrints 12 Implementation.  ? Two-factor authentication for Purdue employees. Administrative Coordinator Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN November 2008 to November 2014 * Supervised 120 student employees, including interviews, performance and attendance issues, terminations, orientations, reviews, and record keeping.  * Software packages include Office and several Adobe applications. Very familiar with Windows, some familiarity with Macintosh and Ubuntu. Developed and maintained online web pages and software applications for the student employees.  * Scheduling of computer labs and other resources for the Purdue community. Recommended the purchase of equipment purchases used for customer checkout.  * Provided customer service to the Purdue community. Created and managed tickets using Remedy and FootPrints. Unitime was used for scheduling, and Kronos for timekeeping.  * Several projects of various sizes including, application grading upgrades, communication improvements, moving a group from one area to another, and more. Compiled surveys about our services and gave recommendations based on the data from the surveys. Used analytics to improve our services.  * Designed, developed, and implemented training programs for student employees, using Blackboard, wiki's, and paper outlines. Worked with the Business Office to ensure best practices were followed. Developed and maintain online web pages and software applications for the student employees.  * Worked with the Purdue Libraries' liaison to oversee the HIKS Customer Service area, which includes walkup customer service, and equipment checkouts.  * Managed the Content Management System migration from Drupal to SharePoint and then to Confluence. Education leadership Purdue University 2013 Bachelor's of Science in IT Management Western Governor's University Skills TRAINING (8 years), REMEDY (6 years), INNOTAS (2 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (2 years), MENTORING (10+ years), Estimating, Scheduling, budget (4 years), Outlook (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/robbycrain Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) OSHA 30 Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) May 2013 to Present Microsoft Technology Associate May 2013 to Present CIW Web Foundations Associate September 2012 to Present Additional Information Skills    PMP, HTML, Confluence, SAP, MS Office, ITIL, Ariba, hiring, training, mentoring, inventory, Remedy, FootPrints, MS Project and Visio, Slack, Innotas, OSHA 30, For Hire license, VI, Java, CSS, HTML.