Infrastructure Project Manager Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Infrastructure Project Manager - Greenlee Roscoe, IL Work Experience Infrastructure Project Manager Greenlee September 2017 to Present Managed multiple projects  ? Migrated SAP Label print server  * Made a project plan  * Met with the project team and application team to get requirements  * Built a test and production environment in Azure  * Tested the application with the app team  * Decommissioned the old server  ? Migrated and upgraded out PLM solution  * Worked with a vendor to move and upgrade the system  * Collaborated with the vendor to put together the project plan  * Gathered requirements with the Engineering team for their system  ? Migrated Solidworks server  * Worked with vendor MLC cad to support the migration  * Worked with DXC to stand up a new server  * Migrated Database to new server  * Installed application on new server  * Installed new application on all end users machines  * On site support for 2 days after migration  ? Acted as a system administrator to manage our on prem and virtual servers  ? Resolved server outages  ? Managed our vulnerability management with in our environments  ? Managed physical servers and virtual  ? Updated certificates to keep the applications  ? Worked with the application teams to identify it the issues were with the application or servers  ? Created servers with Azure team  ? Troubleshooting issues on the server  ? Managed the telephony services  ? Helped with multiple call centers  ? Worked with AT&T with any issues  ? Collaborated with AT&T on voip options and installments  ? Collaborated with Corporate office for mobile issues  ? Provided support to the Business end users  ? Collaboration lead for infrastructure  * Assigned Office 365 License and adobe licenses  * Resolved mobile issues with Good for enterprise or Outlook mobile  * Created accounts Microsoft Identity management system  * Manage user accounts through active directory  * Managed SPF records for mailboxes  * Managed DNS records  * Resolved application issues on PC  * Worked tickets through our ticket system  * Tested patches and updates to corporate applications  ? Supported the executive staff with any pc or application issues  ? Led a monthly meeting with our engineering business in TN  Jessica Price 6071 Windflower Way, Roscoe, IL 61073 229-456-2090 jeprice2011@gmail.com    ? Met monthly with the VP of Mechanical Engineering to make sure his team was getting the support they needed Infrastructure IT Analyst Textron June 2015 to August 2017 Performed multiple roles on the Good Upgrade and Exchange Online projects to ensure that the final solution will meet the requirements from the stakeholders, end users and security. Examples of the roles I have performed:  ? Define user policies  ? Configuring the Blackberry Dynamics environment  ? Developed communication, test, migration and training plans  ? Made security improvements to the current Intune environment  ? Test multiple mobile solutions on iOS and Android to find the one that fits best for all  users  ? Met with users to get their feedback on the solution options  ? Evaluated each solution with the security requirements in place  ? Acted as a Business Analyst on the project to migrate from Skype for Business on-prem to Skype  Online by:  ? Communicated statuses on my tasks during the regular team status meetings, as well as gave advice to others to help them complete their tasks  ? Reviewed and provided feedback to communications for the end users  ? Gathering pre migration information to make the migration process smoother  ? Resolved post migration issues that users were having  ? Created help desk documentation and provided it to them  ? Assumed responsibility for primary Lync/Skype support, which resulted improved VOC scores and enabled end users to have a better collaboration experience with their onsite and remote  teams.  ? Answer user tickets to resolve issue with the application  ? Created a team troubleshoot documentation  ? Collaborated with other technical teams at TIS to resolve issues  ? Escalated to Microsoft on issues that could not be resolved by the team  ? Communicate with users when there is a change coming  ? Work with users to train them on how to use Lync  ? Coordinate with external partners to configure Skype federation, enabling our users to communicate with them seamlessly through their existing collaboration tools  ? Assumed responsibility for primary Good support and transitioned regular requests to the service  desk and BU Admins to have faster resolutions for the end users, while being the escalation  contact for issues that others could not resolve.  ? Addressed end user tickets to resolve issue with the application  ? Created team troubleshooting documentation, BU Admin support documentation, and consolidated service desk script  ? Led a monthly support call for our Business Unit Support Agents  ? Escalated issues as appropriate to Good for resolution  ? Communicated with users when there will be an outage and when there is a problem with upgrading  ? Presented at the weekly Infrastructure stand up on updates in the environment  ? Deleted terminated user accounts  ? Took over primary support of Kontiki to provide continual support for p2p video sharing across the enterprise for users to stay informed  ? Resolved end user request on issues that were submitted  Jessica Price 6071 Windflower Way, Roscoe, IL 61073 229-456-2090 jeprice2011@gmail.com    ? Fix user script so that users could have access to watch collaboration videos  ? Coordinate with Kontiki support to resolve issues as appropriate  ? Provided secondary support to the Office 365 environment when other team members were not  able to  ? Worked on tickets to resolve Office 365 issues  ? Added content to the Office 365 documentation  ? Worked with others to better understand the environment Education Bachelors of Science in Informational Technology Georgia Southern University May 2015 Skills IOS (2 years), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), SOLIDWORKS (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), LINUX (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  ? Applications: Lync, Kontiki, Good, Office 365, eFax, Webex, Office 365 mobile, Solidworks    ? Operating Systems: Windows 7,8, 10, Mac OS, OS X, Linux, Apple iOS, Cisco OS  ? Moderate knowledge of SCOM and OMS reporting agents  ? Moderate knowledge of Azure cloud services  ? Advanced knowledge of Windows servers  ? Moderate Knowledge of Active Directory