Information Technology Consultant Information Technology Consultant Director of Information Technology Middleborough, MA Director of Information Technology    Strategic, collaborative, and solutions-oriented technical leader with a demonstrated ability to build relations and influence key IT stakeholder relationships that directly impact, and are aligned with, organizational visions and goals. Customer-obsessed critical thinker with 20+ years of hands-on experience with a vast array of IT technologies and functional disciplines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Consultant ARMCO BizTech Solutions - North America February 2018 to Present On-demand solutions and innovation consultant, providing hands-on expertise in a wide array of retail technologies. Providing customers with over 20 years of experience with Point of Sale, Service Delivery and Support operations, Payments - EMV/Contactless/Mobile/PCI-DSS Compliance,Defect Management, Solution Delivery, Security/Administration/Monitoring tools, QA Testing, Digital Advertising Platforms, Self-Checkout, Quick Serve Restaurant Systems, Mobility/Productivity devices, Smart Safety/Compliance devices, Video Camera Systems, Back Office Pricebook/Ordering/Reconciliation, Mobile App Creation/ LifeCycle Management, Fuel Dispensers Networks. Director of IT Cumberland Farms, Inc - Westborough, MA March 2016 to September 2018 Directed ITSM team and innovation within Retail Technology and Retail Tech Support disciplines. Responsible for SDLC management, system administration and security, PCI-DSS/SOX compliance, asset management, change/incident management, QA testing, and deployments for the IT technology stack in 550+ retail stores, this includes the hardware and software that comprise POS, BOS, firewalls, WAN/LAN, food ordering/kitchen, IoT devices, tablets, self-checkout POS, fuel dispensers, and credit card processing, systems. Built, inspired, and led internal and external teams to deliver complex IT project objectives with budgets ranging from $50K to $7.5M. Oversaw $10M+/- CAPEX budgets, and planned, organized, and executed all IT functions in the retail channel. Continually assessed internal processes, business partner performance, and CSAT scores to identify areas for process improvement, training, and performance mentoring.    • Established and hosted, with IT director team, a Change Advisory Board using an ITIL framework that included leaders across the company to improve communication and collaboration on IT initiatives, outages, and deployments.  • Oversaw operations for a 14-person 24/7 365 IT support center, ensuring professional, accurate, and timely support for 560+ locations and 8000 retail team members. Recorded 14 months with zero staff turnover in a fast-paced environment.  • Developed and deployed 100% technology overhaul in 550+ retail sites. Off hours rollout completed in 5 months, 500K under CAPEX budget that also optimized performance, eliminated EOL risk, improved security posture, and a 55% reduction of hardware tickets.  • Self-Checkout solution delivered with NCR R6 and NCR SS90 platforms integrated with Storepoint POS/BOS. Pilot exceeded 50% transaction volume and saved project $250K+ during SOW negotiation.  • Selected, created, and implemented Win10 Tablet for all retail locations complemented by LanDesk MDM, Cisco Meraki AP's, to increase team access to Taleo LMS, communications, and Reflexis TM. The initiative increased training compliance by 35% and reduced security risk exposure on PCI in-scope systems  • Replaced legacy QSR system with CMS (NCR-RPOS/CSS/KPS/RSM/RCM), self-ordering terminals increased food sales 40%+ and reduced IT OPEX by $75K annually.  • Negotiated and created partnerships to install Retail IT systems to meet the goal of opening 30+ locations during peak building season. The team delivered 100% of store installations on time, gained vendor management experience, and maintained momentum on critical initiatives.  • Successfully certified and piloted EMV solution with First Data and Chase Paymentech payment processors.  • Selected and deployed a high-availability retail advertising solution with an automated PDI price feed that modernized the customer experience, increased pricing accuracy, reduced WAN traffic, and created labor savings for both the retail technology team and the advertising group. IT Project Manager Cumberland Farms, Inc - Framingham, MA January 2013 to March 2016 Spearheaded and delivered complex technical projects under the vision and priorities of the CIO. The position was created and awarded after successfully realizing the, first of its kind, SmartPay gas discount program. The core responsibility of the role was to collaborate with stakeholders, build/verify requirements, and manage development teams to evolve the program and grow customer adoption by increasing functionality, stability, and scalability. Learn more here - https://www.cumberlandfarms.com/smartpay    • Delivered strategic product enhancements for the SmartPay program, including API integrations with, ACH processor Zipline to create a new card and mobile app-based payment option and with cloud-hosted rewards provider Koupon Media, to launch in-store loyalty rewards. Scoped and managed the required projects and efforts to redesign and rewrite the mobile apps, middle-ware environment, and network topology. These additions reduced transaction fees, accelerated sustained consumer adoption, and set record volume sales week over week. As of June 2018, it has saved customers $100,000,000 with customer retention rates exceeding 97%.  • Managed multiple improvement initiatives and specialized development teams (iOS, Android, HTML, Ruby On Rails, SQL) using AGILE methods, to maximize system availability. The efforts included the transition to a scalable high-availability server cluster, adding New Relic monitoring suite, enabling zero-downtime upgrades, these coupled with enforcement of high-quality coding and testing standards the program maintained a 99.96%+ uptime since 2014.  • Selected and deployed an employee engagement mobile app(s) and CMS that securely, and seamlessly, accessed internal SharePoint content. Over 2000 users registered and SharePoint traffic increased by 65%.  • Partnered with P97 to create and pilot the Gulf Pay petroleum discount payment offering. Launched pilots in sites using Verifone, Gilbarco, and Wayne, POS systems before divesting the Gulf Oil asset. Senior Project Specialist - IT Retail Automation Cumberland Farms, Inc - Canton, MA June 2004 to January 2013 Responsible for the innovation, development, and overall ownership of the Store IT systems. Provided oversight and management of the in-store technology ecosystem including, defect resolution, incident response, vendor relationships, OS patching, gold images, SDLC, security/monitoring tools, WAN/LAN infrastructure, data transfers, and configuration standardization. Led activities involving solution scoping/analysis/implementation, process automation, testing disciplines, tier-3 support, upgrades, technical documentation, store installs/removal, and PCI-DSS/SOX audits.     • Managed integration projects to interface store POS systems to, storage tank monitors, money order terminals, car wash platforms, EJ feed into security DVR, smart cash safe, and pump media.  • Created and cultivated a lasting relationship between the Retail IT team and construction stakeholders to incorporate IT standards and requirements into new building plans. Culminating in a 33% reduction in the installation timeline, avoided expenses and late-stage delays due to architectural omissions.  • Co-developed a proprietary fuel interface that reduced hardware expense per site by 60%, amplified resiliency to data line noise, and simplified root cause analysis.  • Selected and deployed NCR Storepoint (formerly Retalix) POS, BOS, and RFS Fuel Solution to replace the limited proprietary systems. Education High school Skills Helpdesk (10+ years), POINT OF SALE (10+ years), POS (10+ years), quality assurance (8 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Strategic Planning (7 years), Payment Processing (10+ years), Microsoft office applications (10+ years), People Management (6 years), Team Building (5 years), Change Management (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Presentation Skills (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), Implementation (10+ years), Technical Writing (5 years), System Administration (10+ years), Incident Management (10+ years), Call Center Management (3 years), Application Development (7 years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Payment Processing (10+ years), Configuration Management (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Creative Direction (7 years), IT Management, Itil, Excel, Call Center Management (3 years), Call Center (10+ years), Service channel (8 years), Customer Relationship Management (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/adam-mcgrath Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/o9obrozdy8qveqbr Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uw3imxcpouoplcwm Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES:    • Cost Reductions & Budget Management  • IT service management  • Technical Call Center Management and Operations   • Enterprise Solutions/Implementations  • POS, BOS, Payment & Fueling Systems Administration  • PCI-DSS and SOX Compliance and Security  • Risk Management  • Customer Service and Satisfaction  • Vendor Relationship Management  • Contract Analysis and Negotiation  • Mobile App development and management  • Quality Assurance