Job Seeker IT Business Analyst Lombard, IL A successful IT professional has automated many business processes. Recognized for performing business process and gap analysis. A talent for preparing business requirements based on user stories and translating them into functional and technical documents. Also known for excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SILVEREDGE CONSULTING - Westchester, IL 2017 to 2019 Wrote functional and technical specifications and numerous programs for clients such a mobile put away, cycle counting and picking. Wrote many reports initiated via user selection screens using embedded, dynamic SQL. Created user stories and executed test plans. Application Consultant II CAPGEMINI AT OFFICE DEPOT - Itasca, IL 2014 to 2017 Provided production support for legacy OfficeMax logistics applications including wave planning, picking, shipping, receiving and put away, replenishment and cycle counting. In addition, provided support for AS400/SAP  interfaces by researching problems, correcting IDOCs and creating new inbound deliveries.  • Project lead for Cross Company Sourcing. This is an ongoing project to source product from Office Depot distribution centers to allow OfficeMax distribution centers to close.  • Provided training, guidance and assigned work for newer team members and off-shore team. Lead Business Configuration Analyst OFFICE DEPOT, FORMERLY OFFICEMAX 2013 to 2014 Lead analyst for a new Alaska Virtual Distribution Center Project. Created a unique solution by fulfilling the B2B business through the local retail store inventory to gain a potential $1.5 million in revenue. Developed business requirements based on user needs and translated them into technical documents for development teams. Developed a project plan, developed a testing strategy and usability test plans. Participated in usability testing. Managed project, user and technical meetings. Tracked project resources and budget. Lead meetings with business partners to review test results and to verify the user requirements were met. OFFICE DEPOT, FORMERLY OFFICEMAX - Naperville, IL 2005 to 2014 Senior Business Configuration Analyst OFFICE DEPOT, FORMERLY OFFICEMAX 2011 to 2013 Lead analyst for IT-Logistics' efforts for SAP Consolidation part 1. This project consolidated AS400 financial and inventory data on SAP. Performed a gap analysis. Translated user requirements into a functional design document and wrote program specifications. Created and maintained a project plan. Developed usability test cases. Coded and tested programs. Supervised two consultants. Reviewed and approved usability test results. Planned the implementation and provided post-implementation support. IT Project Manager OFFICE DEPOT, FORMERLY OFFICEMAX 2005 to 2011 • Lead analyst for IT-Logistics' efforts for the Multiple Product Code Project to allow customers to order using a SKD or CTN product code to obtain special pricing while saving money by eliminating special handling for these products in the contract distribution centers. Gathered user requirements, hired and supervised two consultants, created and maintained a project plan, wrote program specifications, developed test usability cases, reviewed and approved usability test results, planned and executed the implementation, and provided post-implementation support.  • Led a team of 3 co-workers and 5 consultants on a $5+ million project to automate receiving, put away, replenishment and cycle counting in the contract distribution centers. Helped to select the equipment, created and maintained a project plan, hired and supervised 5 consultants, gathered user requirements, wrote a functional design document, wrote program specifications, coded programs, wrote usability test plans, reviewed and approved usability test results, ensured the project remained within the budget, planned the implementation, piloted the software and equipment at one distribution center. Rolled out the software to 22 other distribution centers across the country.  • Saved the company $275,000 in UPS fines by leading a project to scrub ship-to addresses on customer orders using Trillium, an address-scrubbing package. These enhancements involved creating and maintaining a project plan, gathering user requirements, reviewing usability test results, planning the implementation, ensuring the business sponsor and IT management were aware of any problems, making sure the project stayed within budget and ensuring the project team was focused on the end-goal. Piloted the software at one contract distribution center. IT- Project Manager BOISE CASCADE OFFICE PRODUCTS 2003 to 2004 • Saved $500,000 in hardware/software maintenance fees by managing a project to replace the old warehouse conveyor systems in multi-states contract distribution centers. Wrote a functional design document and program specifications, coded programs, created and maintained a project plan and measured the team's progress against the plan, developed a comprehensive test plan, tested, reviewed other team members' test results, planned and executed the implementation and providing post-implementation support.  • Saved $280,000 in distribution center operating expenses by leading a year long, capital project to streamline 20 different distribution center processes. Created and maintained a project plan and tracked the team's progress against the plan, tracked dollars spent against the project budget, gathered user requirements, wrote program specifications, tested programs and reviewed other team members' test results, planned and executed the implementation and provided post-implementation support. BOISE CASCADE OFFICE PRODUCTS - Itasca, IL 1998 to 2004 Sr. Programmer-Analyst BOISE CASCADE OFFICE PRODUCTS 1998 to 2002 Coded, tested and implemented projects such as item dimensions and customer order containerization for the contract distribution centers. Education Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Southern Illinois University Skills Sap, As400, Db2, Sql, Javascript, Ms project, Visio, Xml, Cobol, Ibm mainframe, Mainframe, Css, Ims, Jcl, Cics, Html5, Mqseries, Robot, Purchasing, Excel Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kathyoberle Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  IBM AS400: RPGIV& free form, Subfiles, CL, SQL, MQSeries, Robot, AS400 Query, XML  IBM Mainframe: COBOL, DB2, IMS, JCL, CICS and TSO  SAP: Basic knowledge of SAP Purchasing  Web: HTML5/CSS JavaScript  PC: MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Excel, MS Project, Visio and Outlook