Information Technology and Project Management Information Technology and <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Information Technology and Project Management - Produban US/Santander Technology US a Santander Bank N.A Company North Providence, RI Work Experience Information Technology and Project Management Produban US/Santander Technology US a Santander Bank N.A Company - Boston, MA January 2016 to Present • Incident management, first point of escalation for issues in the PreProduction environments.  • Follow up the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, and support of preproduction systems (Windows, Linux, Host), servers, software, etc.  • Act as a liaison between integrator and technical teams for troubleshooting and resolving complex, multi-tier problems that span a number of different components.  • Warrant monitoring of servers and software functionality, to ensure platform uptime and performance.  • Define, measure, and meet key operational metrics including performance, incidents and chronic problems, traffic and conversion, etc.  • Reporting of incidents using tracking tools to log, track and maintain incident history records, as Remedy and Servicenow. Implementation Project Manager/ IT Leader Santander US Bank - Boston, MA June 2012 to July 2016 • Project Manager assigned for infrastructure management in the implementation of Financial Systems like: SCP/WIRE (Corporate System of Payments), ATM's system, Hyperion, Moodys, Cluster Seven, Payplus, Clear2pay, IBM InfoSphere, Informatica PWC/IDQ, One (Agenda CRM). Implementation of DB Oracle/SQL and Citrix.  • Assigned responsibilities as IPM:  ? Coordination of Change Management Committees. Coordinating and responding to client issues.  ? Develop project plans with milestones. Coordinate all meeting and interface with business units, staff and service providers.  ? Sets direction at an operational level, works autonomously in the management of the unit and collaborates with other business heads to establish and execute on common goals.  ? Ensures delivery of projects to the business partner, meeting the approved scope/schedule/quality for the Project.  ? Perform a governing role for, ensuring that the proposal, execution, control, deployment, training and hand off, warranty support, and closure meet promised schedules.  ? Performs risk identification and mitigation activities. IT Support & Buyer Belven Inc. & ibericana Inc. Export Companies - Addison, TX August 2009 to June 2012 • Evaluation of customer request and selecting of the correct equipment as required, meeting the Oil & Gas industry requirements. Analysis of datasheets and specify the part number according to ordering information provided for the manufacturer, with an emphasis in codes, standards, and regulations.  • Request for Quotation and Purchase Order creation, expediting, evaluation and analysis of vendor proposals, bid evaluation and supplier portfolio management for Oil & Gas and Electrical Power Industry.  • Incident Management, support, and configuration of PCs and WLAN. Systems Engineer and Buyer Exim Brickell LLC - Miami, FL July 2008 to May 2009 • Consulting, support, maintenance, installation and configuration of PCs, LAN/VoIP (POLYCOM SYSTEMS), WLAN, and Software Applications (Procurement Software and Business solution package).  • Evaluation of customer request and selecting of the correct equipment as required meeting the Oil & Gas industry requirements. As a purchase agent I have to look for in the market the right; flow transmitter, pressure switch, valve, actuator, pressure gauge, pressure indicator, compressor, electrical/electronic device that match with the customer's specifications.  • Analysis of datasheets and specify the part number according to ordering information provided for the manufacturer. IT Technician SAT ONE CORP - Miami, FL October 2004 to June 2008 • Consulting, support, maintenance, installation and configuration of PCs, Servers, LAN/VoIP devices. Incident management using standard procedures and technical skills, escalating to a Level II support structure or third parties as necessary. Follow the issue to a successful solution.  • Manage small and medium projects relating to infrastructure (NAS, VoIP, Polycom Systems, Wireless LAN, etc.). Structured cabling design and installation. Project Leader INTESA - MARACAIBO, VE July 1997 to March 2003 VENEZUELA  • Responsible of maintenance and incident management for SCADA Ranger and SCADA PCVUE systems for Electrical Distribution System.  • Maintenance of real time information system OSISoft PI (100,000 points), Wonderware and Fix Scada Systems.  • Project responsible of design, commissioning and start up of Environment Integrated of Automation for PDVSA South District (Edo. Barinas-Venezuela).  • Project responsible of basic, conceptual and detailed engineering, installation and testing of network infrastructure (Structured cabling design and installation), for integration of compression plants systems and oil tank farm systems with Corporative network.  • Project responsible of design, procure, configuration, commissioning and start up of four Automobile Gas Stations (Sixnet PLC, Factorylink and Oracle) for PDVSA East.  • HMI Systems programming for Compression Plants and Flow Stations (FIX and Wonderware SCADA systems), and integration of data systems with PI System (RTDB) for PDVSA West.  • Project responsible for design, procurement, implementation and start up of the network infrastructure and integration of the local SCADA Systems to Central SCADA room for 6 compression plants, 5 oil tank farm, 2 electrical plants, and 14 electrical substations for PDVSA West.  • Engineer of development and support SCADA system at "Pueblo Viejo" Electric Power Plant. Responsible for administration, maintenance and configuration; measurement instrumentation, UHF radius, RTU's (Remote Terminal Unit) and MTU (Master Terminal Unit), as well as the wiring among Instrumentation-RTU-MTU.  • Perform setups, calibrate, and operate instruments for, mobile radio systems, SCADA (Supervisory Control & Data Acquisition) systems.  • Monitor instruments for, mobile radio systems, SCADA systems, installation and support for; instruments, mobile radio systems, SCADA systems, and LAN/WAN systems. Education Bachelor's in Systems Engineering in Systems Engineering Universidad de Los Andes - Mérida, VE November 2015 to Present Skills Incident management, Networking, Software development, Instrumentation, Purchasing Additional Information SKILLS  • Incident Management (15+ years)  • Project Management (10+ years)  • Software Development (5 years)  • Purchasing (4 years)  • Networking (5 years)  • Instrumentation (5 years)