IT Project Tech Lead/ IT Business Unit Lead Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Tech Lead/ <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Unit Lead Analyst Project Management and PMO Governance Lake Worth, FL Highly skilled in project management and PMO governance, leveraging Waterfall and Agile principles to meet organizational objectives and maximize efficiencies.    Proven track record of successful implementations and developing analytics to facilitate project governance, increase PMO adherence to established guidelines, reduce data quality issues, and improve key performance indicators.    PROJECT LEADERSHIP | PMO GOVERNANCE | PMO TRAINING | PMP | CSM  DATA ANALYTICS | PROJECT METRICS REPORTING | COGNOS BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Tech Lead/ IT Business Unit Lead Analyst CITIBANK - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2011 to Present Project Management and PMO Governance:    • As a senior project manager in the Latin America and Mexico governance team, managed activities to standardize Citi desktops, both thin and thick clients, throughout the region:  1. Managed overall delivery and control.  2. Led meetings to assess issues and risks, implement mitigation plans, and drive deliverables.  3. Monitored the status and resolution of significant obstacles and assisted project managers within countries to drive activities.  4. Coordinated the integration of global, regional, and local resources to analyze and resolve application packaging and infrastructure issues.  5. Maintained and presented a comprehensive weekly status report to the Global Project Governance Team.    • Managed a team of five regional project managers responsible for the delivery of Credit Card application enhancements in Latin America.    • Improved the quality of financial summaries and due diligence submitted for senior management approval of Project Expenditure Proposals (PEP) exceeding $1MM. Also worked to educate stakeholders at the country and regional levels about PEP requirements, and documented improvements to regional guidelines.    • Improved adherence to SDLC procedures and efficient project management in the Global PMO (North America, Mexico, and Asia) Book of Work of 2100+ projects by driving the design, development, presentation, and distribution of Cognos reports and analytics leveraged by directors and PMs to monitor and control their portfolios.    • Improved on-time delivery, project re-targeting, Key Initiative Red Program Reporting and CIO Council escalation, and safety and soundness by developing reports to meet requirements of the Citi Program Management Council and Federal regulators.    • Improved governance in the Global PMO by implementing a comprehensive watch list of project health and performance metrics. Associated accomplishments included:  1. Successful closure of Audit and Self-imposed Corrective Action Plans by developing Cognos reports and engaging segment directors to take action on key metrics.  2. Improvement in project health metrics and data quality by enhancing the usability of reports, metric relevance, and aggregation at the segment director level.    • Led migration of 100+ Global PMO reports from Business Objects to Cognos, and increased group effectiveness by mentoring teammates in Cognos and troubleshooting techniques. Consultant PM at CITIBANK Ranstand (formerly Technisource) - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2009 to 2011 Project management (as described under Citibank experience) Senior Project Manager FISERV LENDING SOLUTIONS - Plantation, FL 2005 to 2008 Managed projects for Fiserv requiring all facets of project management, including leading and collaborating effectively with teams inside and outside of the organization, and managing clear communications/expectations with senior management and other key stakeholders.    Senior project manager for the implementation of a Fiserv mortgage originations system at ABN AMRO Corporation. This was a multi-million-dollar, twelve-month project requiring dedicated leadership from both the program and project managers.   1. Collaborated closely with the program manager to lead the Fiserv team comprised of four business consultants, two developers, and two technical implementation consultants.   2. Developed and maintained a detailed schedule to monitor and control all project activities from initiation to closing phases.   3. Developed project kickoff materials presented to 40+ ABN AMRO employees, including senior management.   4. Verified that requirements documentation followed approved standards to facilitate development.  5. Led Fiserv team in approval reviews of functional requirements with client’s business resources.   6. Coordinated development and QA testing activities for system modifications.   7. Led triage meetings to determine disposition and prioritization of reported defects.   8. Maintained resource budget reports for Fiserv senior management throughout the engagement. Education MBA Canisius College - Buffalo, NY Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems Pace University - New York, NY Skills Cognos Data Analytics, Sharepoint, Excel, PMP, CSM, Scrum, Scrum Master, Certified Scrum Master, Agile Scrum, PM Links http://linkedin.com/in/antonioegonzalez Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2005 to September 2021 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) July 2019 to July 2021 Additional Information Fluent in Spanish