Director of IT Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> Clarence Center, NY Work Experience Director of IT Ashley Furniture HomeStores 2015 to Present Lead IT infrastructure strategic planning and support for 100+ employees. Align IT goals with short- and long-term  business vision. Create system development, implementation, and maintenance plans, tracking tasks and monitoring  budgets. Select and negotiate vendor services and maintain relationships. Develop and integrate improved processes and automation to increase organization-wide efficiencies. Direct a team of 3 Network Administrators and 1 Software  Programmer, delegating tasks to achieve shared goals.  Key Achievements:  § Managed a software conversion project, resulting in $1.2M cost savings.  § Drove down telecommunication costs by converting to VoIP.  § Built and integrated 5 software applications to streamline workflows and increase organizational efficiencies.  § Developed employee training classes to improve technical proficiencies. Director of Information Technology Ashley Furniture Homestores - Buffalo, NY 2001 to Present IT Project Manager/Network Administrator 2006 to 2015 Led all network maintenance, upgrading, redesigning, and testing the infrastructure. Managed complex, technical  projects from scope and requirements gathering through deployment. Worked cross-functionally to align output tasks.  Key Achievements:  § Spearheaded a data center migration from onsite to cloud storage, reducing overhead costs and improving  network reliability. Education High school or equivalent Skills Software development, Data management, Disaster recovery, Maintenance, Operations maintenance, Strategic planning, Process improvements, Team building, Operations, It procurement, Procurement, Translate, Word, budget, retail sales, training, Powerpoint, Management (10+ years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/cpclarke99 Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • High achieving leader with a dynamic history of leading daily execution of IT functions - new technologies,  infrastructure, project management, operations maintenance and support, and software development.  • Expert at project scoping, team building, collaborating with key stakeholders and executives, managing deadlines,  understanding and articulating priorities, architecting solutions, and delivering results.  • Excellent communicator with the innate ability to lead cross-functional teams, influence key stakeholders, and  translate complex technical ideas into lay terms.    PROFICIENCIES  § Infrastructure Development § Project Management § Cross-Team Collaboration  § Stakeholder Management § Process Improvements § IT Delivery  § Supplier Negotiations § Compliance § Strategic Planning  § IT Procurement § Team Leading § Data Management  § Disaster Recovery § Interpersonal Skills § Software Development