IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> A self-starter and quick learner. Experience in internal and client facing communications. Strong interpersonal skills. Ready for a challenging position working through the obstacles of development. Chicago, IL Over the last four years I have become fascinated with the life cycle of development items and products. Having been in marketing, production and information technology departments I have honed my communication skills to work efficiently in all stages of development. Work Experience IT Project Manager Veritas Document Solutions - Buffalo Grove, IL June 2011 to Present Guide development items from gathering requirements, development, testing and the final release.   • Worked with financial and insurance industries to delivery technology solutions with extremely complex business logic.  • Coordinate with clients that constantly change scope of projects with immovable due dates.  • Manage projects in variable print templates, web development, software development, fulfillment, marketing, and email campaigns.  • Lead up to 60 employees to deliver quarterly, variable marketing campaign mailings to 45,000 recipients.  • Redesigned quarterly mailing workflow resulting in 33% less resources and shortened delivery time.  • Collaborate with teams in fulfillment, development, hardware, marketing, and quality assurance to deliver projects that perfectly meet client needs.  • Proactively identify risks with clients that have complicated inter-dependencies between tasks and deliverables. Marketing and Communications Intern English Retreads - Boulder, CO June 2009 to June 2010 Managed all marketing efforts for a small start up company in Boulder, CO that produced eco-friendly handbags and accessories.  • Wrote press releases, quarterly newsletters and weekly blogs that provided company updates to direct consumers and wholesalers  • Worked with website developer on new layouts and features – assisted in user acceptance testing for new items on the site  • Launched new products – organized focus groups, worked directly with wholesalers to implement products   • Coordinated vendor giveaways – established guidelines, answered questions and selected products  • Served as the media contact – provided information on company eco-friendly handbags and accessories Education Bachelors in Business Administration University of Colorado at Boulder - Leeds School of Business - Boulder, CO May 2011 Skills Customer Service, Account Management, Marketing, Leadership, Strong Communicator.