Operations Manager of Information Technology Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> of Information Technology IT Operations Manager/ Project Manager New Castle, IN Leader of Information Technology for multiple Manufacturing and Warehouse facilities; Lead IT and Engineering personnel, Project Manager for multiple projects across various departments using PDCA, 8D & A3 methodologies. Administrator to multiple IT/LAN/MES Systems. Document creation, Change Management and training for employees. More than 14 years of IT, 8 years of project management experience and hold multiple certificates in Information Technology and Project Management - CAPM, A+, Net+, CCNA, ASQL, Lean Six Sigma-Green Belt, and Organizational Leadership. Masters Degree in Business Administration, Bachelors Degree in Organizational Innovation and Associates Degree in Information Technology & Networking. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Operations Manager of Information Technology Emerson - Rushville, IN October 2011 to Present • Manage up to 10 IT Personnel; Responsible for Interviewing, Hiring, and Training of IT Personnel. Supervise over off-shore Resources IT Specialists  • IT Leader - Technical Lead between Corporate and Manufacturing Facilities. Introduces and Facilitates IT/LAN/MES Standards Based on Corporate directives. Project management of $5 million dollar projects (Combined).  • Change Control Leader for IT Implementations. Information Technology Strategic Planning of MES and LAN systems for multiple manufacturing and warehouse facilities. Design, implementation and auditing of IT strategies  • Manage LAN Infrastructure: Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches, Microsoft Servers, Citrix Xen Server with WYSE Clients and Network Storage  • Admin: Active Directory, LANDesk, ; Citrix WDM and Desktop Director, Mobile Device Management, SQL Server Management Studio, Cisco Call Manager  • Procurement of IT assets including systems, software, hardware and services. Financial Budget of $2 million annually for plant systems upgrades. IT Vendor Management for hardware, software and Technical Resources.  • ERP - Oracle R12 Implementation: Manufacturing, Asset Management, eBusiness & Demand/Product Planning IT Project Manager Emerson Climate Technology October 2011 to Present • Multi Facility upgrade to Office 365 and One Drive Cloud Storage  • Dell VRTX Installation for VDI Environment for Manufacturing Cells  • Removal of Compaq Proliant Servers and Installation of Dell VM Server Farm  • Cisco Switch Installation (12) for Manufacturing Cells. Configuration of Switches  • Cisco Switch Refresh (30) every fourth year. Configuration of Switches.   • Removal of Dell Optiplex Storage and Installation of Dell VTRX SAN  • Installation of Cisco Wireless Controller Based infrastructure for Warehouse and Manufacturing facilities.   • Cisco 6500 Core Switch installation and bi-yearly upgrades to network blades  • OM2 MM Fiber Back Bone installation between multiple buildings.  • Safety and Security project: Upgrading our Cameras, Network based Badging system, Safety communication Systems  • Installation of Riverbed Network Monitoring Appliance Adjunct CIT Faculty Instructure IUPUI - Indianapolis, IN December 2015 to January 2018 • CIT 35600 Network Operating Systems Administration  ? Instructor of 25-35 CIT Students  ? Microsoft Server 2012 & Linux Operations and Administration  ? Creation of all class assignments, lecture presentation and handouts IT/Network Technician Emerson Climate Technologies - Sidney, OH March 2004 to October 2011 • Hardware, software, and network installation, troubleshooting and training.  • Updating and managing clients Microsoft servers  • Creating and implementing customer printer solutions  eBusiness Supervisor - Emerson - Sidney, OH  • Strategic Project management including an award for excellence. Received recognition for Chairman's Award for producing process documentation  • Procurement with managing eight vendors.  • CRM Admin, DB Admin, Supplier Portal Admin  • Development, recognition and retention of 5-8 team members Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Franklin University - Columbus, OH 2013 to 2014 Bachelors of Science in Organizational Innovation University of Phoenix - Dayton, OH 2008 to 2012 Associates of Information and Networking Technology in Information and Networking Technology Edison Community College - Piqua, OH 2002 to 2004 Skills Cisco, Customer Service, Network Administration, SQL, Strategic Planning, Vmware, exchange, Disaster Recovery, VoIP, Citrix, Active Directory, Excel, IT Management, Vendor Management