Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager Chandler, AZ Experienced Project Manager with diverse knowledge and skill sets within IT Infrastructure and Semiconductor Manufacturing focusing on customer satisfaction. Multiple years of experience deploying and managing all aspects of project management encompassing areas of Finance, Manufacturing, Information Systems, Human Resources, Infrastructure and Security. Skilled in requirements gathering, project charters, project plans and effective communication. Lead cross-functional groups, including infrastructure support, SAP basis, database administrator, web hosting, sales, HRIT and project management. All were produced within a standardized/best practices approach utilizing both Waterfall and Agile project methodologies. Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Honeywell-Resideo / BEPC Inc - Chandler, AZ February 2018 to May 2019 • Collaborated with cross functional teams on a 3.2-billion-dollar spin off business from Honeywell.  • Responsible for the migration of all employee OneDrive accounts and 1200+ On Prem and Online SharePoint sites; Day 1 and Day 2 activities.  • Created project charters with timelines and milestones.  • Partnered with the businesses to gather requirements and create solutions.  • Collaborated with all IT workflow teams to ensure all predecessors were completed on time and information was correct in Active Directory.  • Partnered with vendor to migrate SharePoint workflows from Nintex to AgilePoint.  • Worked with finance team; created cost plans and monthly forecasts.  • Effectively communicated with all stakeholders, domain leaders and customers.  • Prepared status updates and burndown charts for business leads and stakeholders.  • Collaborated with team to create the MX record transition plan.  • Migrated O365 products for all executive management with white glove treatment (Outlook, OneDrive, Skype and MS Intune migrations).  • Evaluated and created all end user documentation and communications for the SPIN transition (Bit titan, Outlook Profile, OneDrive, Skype, SharePoint, MS Teams, MS Intune for Android and Apple products & FAQ's)  • Worked with HR, HRIT & IAM teams to resolve all issues with scripting to ensure data integrity.  • Assisted end users with migration of email, Skype and mobile devices from Honeywell to Resideo.  • Hosted daily stand up calls with HR, Exchange, IGA, Skype and IAM teams to repair user accounts that had been broken during migration. Sr. IT Project Manager BEPC Inc - Chandler, AZ June 2017 to December 2018 • Created project charters with timelines and milestones.  • Directed design implementation in accordance with governance and PMO best practices.  • QA and validation of programming code.  • Distributed responsibilities to team members.  • Facilitated daily scrum sessions to monitor project progress and resolve any issues with the business and NTT Data.  • Built strong relationships with the stakeholders, application users and program owners.  • Hosted requirements (user story) meetings with the business and solutioning teams.  • Ensured that sprint milestones were completed on time.  • Re-prioritized backlog when needed with the product owners.  • Developed and distributed communication plans for end users.  • Created process documentation/user instructions for UAT and end users.  • Created issue tracking log and monitored/updated status.  • Documented daily and weekly progress updates for upper management and stakeholders. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard Enterprise /KForce - Chandler, AZ February 2017 to April 2017 • Created project charter with timelines and milestones for MS Intune pilot.  • Hosted daily stand-ups for status updates with vendors and security.  • Developed communication plans for Intune/Datalert and AirWatch projects.  • Created MS Intune process documentation/user instructions for iOS and Android.  • Created issue tracking log and monitored/updated status.  • Collected user experience feedback.  • Documented AirWatch and Intune differences (pros and cons)  • Managed the mandatory AirWatch migration for 21,047 HPE corporate phones. IT Project Manager BK Global Solutions - Chandler, AZ 2016 to 2017 • Create project charters with timelines, milestones and Gantt charts.  • Host stand-up meetings for status updates.  • Created and tracked all resource allocations to ensure tasks could be completed by the milestone dates.  • Develop training plans for new applications (WIN10, Office 2016, Skype for Business, OneDrive for Business) in Brainstorm training platform.  • Develop communication plans for all new project deployments (Coming Soon, Day of Deployment and Post Cutover).  • Prepare bi-weekly status reports and reported to the progress to IT Directors.  • Office 365 Deployment - Successfully managed global deployment pilots for two corporations simultaneously to move over to cloud services.  • Skype for Business implementation - Managed a global pilot deployment for one large corporation.  • Office 2016 implementation - Managed multiple migrations from Office 2007 & 2013 over to Office 2016.  • Windows 10 Upgrades - Managed pilot deployments with over 400 users within two large corporations. Created FAQs for issues that were commonly reported.  • OneDrive for Business implementation - Managed WIN7 deployments of ODfB and the migration of all unsecured Google Drive data over to the new cloud-based application.  • Microsoft Intune implementation - Managed a global account pilot to migrate over all wireless devices from Mobile Iron and Active Sync to using cloud-based Intune Mobile Device Management (MDM) system on MS365 (EMEA, APAC, AMCS). SAP, Database and Web Project Manager Fujitsu North America - Tempe, AZ 2012 to 2015 • Project Manager for SAP, Oracle, SQL and Web services.  • Reviewed customer solutions, obtained estimates and created proposals/quotes for all infrastructure service requests.  • Ensured all projects were delivered on time and within budget.  • Managed team meetings to track the status of each active ISR and reported to business.  • Assigned resources and expedited projects identified as high priority.  • Created notice of completion letters and monthly invoices for customer.  • Tracked all Server, Web services, Databases and Central Instances (builds and decommissions) for billing purposes.  • Created and updated process documents and trained personnel on the procedures.  • Ensured deliverables met defined requirements requested by Honeywell.  • Built and managed relationships with key stakeholders.  • Managed numerous large, medium and small projects at Honeywell simultaneously; 988 projects in total.  • Assisted in contract negotiations.  • Managed the monthly baseline of servers, databases, CI's and created support invoices.  • Updated and distributed monthly/weekly reports for management and customer. Aerospace Infrastructure Coordinator/PM/GTS Infrastructure Coordinator Honeywell-Resideo / BEPC Inc - Tempe, AZ 2005 to 2008 • Acted as a liaison between PMO office, Suppliers and Architect's within Honeywell.  • Reviewed, verified and assigned resources for all global infrastructure requests.  • Oversaw all activity on Data Center Rationalization and reported status to PMO.  • Tracked project status and delivered status reports to PMO and business.  • Managed over 2,000 infrastructure service requests and prioritized them per business needs.  • Delivered metrics reports, updated internal business & supplier.  • Created and implemented global procedure guide for all infrastructure service requests.  • Trained team members on new procedures. Customer Service Supervisor FlipChip International, LLC - Phoenix, AZ 2001 to 2005 • Created quotes, received all orders, reviewed and entered POs, set up shipments.  • Managed inside sales for existing customers.  • Communicated processing status and expedited orders.  • Conducted annual contract reviews, and organized meetings.  • Managed test die sales; delivered 3B Report.  • Resolved customer problems and employee differences.  • Assisted finance department when needed with accounts receivable or invoice issues.  • Provided weekly WIP reports to customers.  • Created and implemented processes for Manufacturing and Customer Services per customer contract documentation.  • Increased customer satisfaction by streamlining processes and in turn increased sales. Education Bachelor of Science in Resources & Human Development Arizona State University 1999 Skills PMO, RFP, APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT, CONTRACT NEGOTIATIONS, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, BEST PRACTICES, BUSINESS PROCESS ANALYSIS, OPERATIONS, PROCESS ANALYSIS, PM, Waterfall, Project Management, Scrum Master, Itil Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation Certification September 2014 to Present Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES:  • Technology Needs & Business Process Analysis - Full Cycle Application Development  • SCRUM Operations - PMO based Project Management - Direct Client Relationship Management  • AGILE, LEAN and PMO best practices - Datacenter, Infrastructure, and Operations - RFP, Contract negotiations, and compliance