Business Project Manager Business <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Business Project Manager Davenport, IA Dedicated, hardworking and results driven employee building upon strengths in management, accounting, ERP systems implementation and configuration, budgets, planning, training, collaboration, project management, financial analysis, process improvements, and change management. Current political community member with an excellent work ethic. 22+ year background in business and IT with experience in various capacities while working in multiple functional areas. Excellent written and oral communication skills with a specialization in leadership. I Hold a Master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) with a major in international business. Core experiences include:  • IT systems integration and configuration  • Cross functional team collaboration  • SOX reporting of internal controls  • Internal and external audits globally  • Budget preparation and analysis  • Forecast v actuals financial analysis  • Capital spend & fixed asset analysis    • Management in sales and accounting  • Management in IT and non-software projects  • Public accounting experience in CPA firm  • Process improvement & change management  • IT implementations of ERP systems  • Inventory management and inventory audits globally  • Standard costing preparation and analysis Work Experience Business Project Manager Group O - Rock Island, IL January 2018 to March 2019 Worked closely with internal unit employees, IT, and leadership on various divisional or enterprise projects.  • Managed project timelines and budgets for many projects at one time.  • Organized and facilitated user acceptance testing, process training, and end to end testing with business users.  • Presented project updates to team members and leadership on a regular basis.  • Followed Agile approach using Microsoft Dev Ops for features in IT development projects.  • Implemented Microsoft Dynamics NAV ERP systems for different divisions.  • Implemented a new Packaging operations warehouse and system in Mexico to expand business. Business Process Integrator John Deere December 2015 to November 2017 Worked closely with internal unit employees, IT staff, leadership, and dealers on a project to implement a new Order Management system in Australia and New Zealand. Gathered requirements as needed by the internal users and dealers and worked with IT to build a solution that met those requirements. Tested IT development and developed training documentation for internal and external users. Managed a team to implement a new transportation logistics SAP system for U.S. factories.  Planned work using Agile methodology. Used Microsoft Office suite, HP Quality Center, Share Point, SAP Finance, Transportation Management, Operations, and Vehicle Management modules. Selected accomplishments:  • Managed implementation plans with regards to testing, training, and support for early release of the transportation system.  • Developed a good understanding of dealer processes and needs.  • Transitioned from the inventory team to the transportation team to fill a gap due to team changes.  • Tested financial data for John Deere Financial due to their limited capacity. John Deere - Moline, IL January 2007 to November 2017 Operations Accountant John Deere May 2013 to December 2015 Managed setting standard inventory cost on an annual basis for multiple parts units in the U.S. and Canada. Organized cycle counts, statistical counts, and physical inventory accounts at 20+ warehouses. Managed budget processing and forecasting for capital assets. Prepared journal vouchers for specific ledger accounts and completed month-end checklist for tasks as needed during the accounting closing cycle. Reconciled inventory, capital, and cost related accounts monthly. Submitted SOX internal control reports and completed accounting bulletins as related to internal controls. Used Microsoft Office suite, AS400, SharePoint and SAP Operations. Selected accomplishment:  • Managed accounting activities related to a systems implementation from AS400 system to a new Parts SAP system.  • Participated on a project team to reduce costs by $1M for steel used in manufacturing. This project was nominated for a Director's award.  • Asked to add other tasks to daily workload due to staff cuts to reduce expenses. SAP IT Analyst John Deere March 2010 to May 2013 Configured IT solutions for the enterprise SAP systems and supported the US branches for AG, Turf, Construction, and Forestry. Tested IT development and trained unit subject matter experts on final solution. Managed project plans and communicated updates on project status to stakeholders regularly. Documented lessons learned and worked to ensure budget targets were met for every project. Used Microsoft Office suite, SharePoint, Host, and SAP. Selected accomplishment:  • Managed a project for the accounts payable team to automate warranty chargebacks which were manually processed weekly by unit personnel. This saved $10k+ annually with automation.  • Managed a project for a Mexico tractor product line shipped to Canada.  • Worked with a project team for the Parts Next Gen SAP implementation. IT Accountant John Deere November 2009 to March 2010 Processed PO's for IT product owners related to IT expenses. Prepared monthly reports and presented actual spend for IT budget to product owners. Calculated Total Cost of IT chargeback each quarter and presented to management. Reviewed ledger account detail for month-end closing and processed journal entries as needed. Used Microsoft Office suite and Host. Selected accomplishment:  • Created a new method of reconciling open PO's at year end to ensure work was complete at fiscal year-end.  • Improved the IT chargeback process to automatically calculate rates charged per unit each quarter. Internal Auditor John Deere July 2008 to November 2009 Performed financial and inventory internal audits at units around the world. Assisted with lead activities, including audit planning, audit preparation, and leading the final unit meeting. Used audit planning software to document work papers and test cases. Used Microsoft Office suite and audit software. Selected accomplishment:  • Updated the audit process for the inventory cycle which improved efficiency for the units worldwide.  • Reviewed IFRS standards to determine what changes would be needed as an organization. Accountant John Deere November 2007 to July 2008 Processed entries for factory accounting line YZ. Reconciled monthly accounts including cash account for unit YZ. Reviewed parts invoices for unit YZ. Prepared monthly exhibits and reports. Used Microsoft Office suite, SAP, and Host. Selected accomplishment:  • Trained on writing macros and received a certificate of completion from VBA Macro class.  • Assisted on a project to change from operating by unit to process. Education Master of Business Administration in International Business and Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management - Naperville, IL 2010 Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration in Accounting St. Ambrose University - Davenport, IA 2006 Skills accounting, Quickbooks, Bookkeeping, Accounts Payable, Payroll