IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Matteson, IL Dynamic, versatile IT Project Management Professional with three years experience achieving on-time, on-budget and on-spec project completions for an eCommerce company. Extensive experience defining and initiating projects with a strong focus on team leadership. Skilled in building excellent rapport with clients and team members, with the ability to see the big picture, delegate effectively and motivate team members. Demonstrated ability to innovatively redesign processes, provide technical assistance and solve problems that foster trust and dependability. Technical skills include Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Exchange, iMac, Internet Research, Oracles, Avanti and Banner, with the ability to learn new programs quickly and easily. Work Experience IT Project Manager Personalization Mall 2010 to 2013 Managed development of work for three IT specialists to report to Chief Technology Officer.  • Collaborate with each department to identify project scope and timeline.  • Test project to ensure they are completed as required by requirements and design.  • Review project proposal to determine timeframe, milestones and staffing requirements.  • Lead internal project meetings and communicate progress to requesting departments.  ? Trimmed developer's time consulting with departments on interface needs.  ? Commended by management for effectively prioritizing and organizing workloads in a constantly changing environment. Senior Buyer Personalization Mall 2009 to 2013 Interview, evaluate and manage individual vendor performance to maximize profitability.  • Create detailed project and product scopes to be submitted to various vendors.  • Review and edit project and product scopes written by other buyers to ensure clarity.  • Managed product testing and compliance information for international vendors.  • Develop thorough vendor contracts and confirm timely receipt and completeness.  • Review and negotiate vendor modifications made to contracts.  • Prepare and evaluate proposals for goods and/or services.  • Review vendor quotes and contracts to ensure lowest cost-to-deliver decisions are made.  • Coach and develop Buyers and Merchandise Assistants to ensure readiness for next level position.  ? Implemented a Merchandising Dashboard indicating all follow-up needed to be made with each vendor.  ? Worked with the V.P. of Business Development to establish the company's new corporate program. Developed and proposed new corporate pricing structures, wrote copy for over 200 new items, uploaded and managed product information on company website, Beyond Logos and Sage.  ? Developed and executed defect allowance program ranging from 1-5% rebates for each invoice making the defect process more cost efficient and less time consuming for vendors, defect and accounting department. Merchandising Coordinator Personalization Mall 2008 to 2009 Merchandising Coordinator with administrative, business-to-business collection, inventory, and buying duties.  • Served as liaison between departments to resolve issues and ensure customer satisfaction.  • Maintain and update multiple databases, records, and other files.  • Developed and performed routine analyzes and calculations for recurring internal reports.  • Acted as general contact for over 100 drop-ship and in-house vendors.  • Managed drop-ship vendors, clearance store, out of stocks, inventory and non-inventory purchasing.  • Wrote creative product description for all new items onsite.  • Product manager for corporate product on company website and outsourced sites Beyond Logos and Sage.  • Contacted vendors for defective merchandise returns.  ? Researched and selected appropriate drop shop items to bring in-house, increasing sales margins and eliminating drop ship fees.  ? Implemented secret shopper program to ensure drop ship vendors were meeting company's quality standards.  ? Successfully implemented and managed a custom drop ship vendor interface. Education Bachelor's in English University of Illinois - Chicago, IL 2007