Small Business Entrepreneur Small Business Entrepreneur IT Project Manager San Dimas, CA I have worked in Information Technology with demonstrated success in Project Management, IT Infrastructure, End User training, Applying Security Standards and Help Desk. I am analytical and have a solid understanding of business and government processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Small Business Entrepreneur ClubTandem | Photography Business - San Juan, PR 2014 to January 2018 Founded ClubTandem, a startup business and virtual community designed to connect photographers.    Conceptualized, designed, developed, and tested ClubTandem’s web application. Led a team of 3 developers and 2 UX/UI designers. Managed AWS for the project. Assigned responsibilities, set deadlines for completion, monitored progress of task completion, and adapted goals to changing circumstances and priorities. Led daily technical conference calls and meetings.    Established and managed a professional photography business. IT Manager US Agency for International Development (USAID) - Mexico City, MX 2011 to 2013 Managed IT Infrastructure in a Microsoft and Cloud environment including Windows and Exchange servers. Established backup procedures, applied network monitoring tools, and provided network infrastructure maintenance.    Identified the needs of 4 mission programs (Rule of Law, Global Climate Change, Economic Growth and Education) and developed and managed IT solutions to best facilitate their work.    Oversaw the procurement of hardware and software and contracted service providers for the USAID mission in Mexico.    Established and implemented IT policies and procedures, including Disaster Recovery Plans. T Project Manager | IT Manager Department of State - Mexico, MO December 1996 to June 2011 Served as team manager for approximately 20 presidential and Secretary of State visits to Mexico, providing IT infrastructure, procurement, and network communications to advance teams and for the larger, general diplomatic operation from the beginning to the completion of each visit. Provided regular progress updates to team members and management before and during each visit.    Led and supervised a third-tier technical team of 3 technicians to support the network infrastructure of the Embassy and 10 consulates in Mexico with over 500 users, ensuring network functionality and reliability.    Served as team leader for the implementation of the Department of State Global IT Modernization project. Coordinated the upgrade of network infrastructure and local workstations and end-user training.    Identified, evaluated, and approved Embassy hardware and software to address existing technical vulnerabilities and exposure, in compliance with Diplomatic Security standards and protocols.    Coordinated and provided training to Embassy personnel on corporate and local applications. Functioned as liaison between end-users and developers to maximize user experience and functionality.    Leveraged technical expertise on hardware and software configuration to provide outstanding user support and resolve critical operational issues. Managed security and after-hour support for sensitive materials and communications.    Configured and set up networks, ensured network security to safeguard sensitive diplomatic information, and coordinated IT teams for project completion.    Identify security vulnerabilities and perform risk analysis.    Led annual security awareness presentation to Embassy personnel. IT Support Specialist MLB/World Baseball Classic - Mexico, MO March 2009 to March 2009 Set up, configured, and provided IT support at 2 hotels and a major baseball stadium over the course of six games at the World Baseball Classic in Mexico City. Education B.S. in Network Operations and Security Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT 2018 to 2019 Skills Resource Management, Project Management, Networking LAN/WAN, Troubleshooting, Outside/Inside Clients, Customer Service, End-user Training, Fluent in Spanish, Cloud Services / AWS, Disaster Recovery Plan, Business Process Improvement, Risk mitigation, Security Awareness Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified Network+ Security+ CCNA Additional Information AWARDS  Meritorious Honor Award for Outstanding IT Solutions during US presidential visit to Merida, Mexico, 2007.    Award of Recognition by White House Communications Agency,2002.    Award of Recognition, Systems Operation support team, Secretary of State visit, 2000.    Franklin Award of Recognition by White House Communications Agency operation support team, former President Clinton bi-national presidential visit to Mexico, 1999.    Meritorious Honor Award for providing support, training, and customer service to State Department employees, 1998.