IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - Humana, Bradford & Galt Lawrenceburg, IN Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER Humana, Bradford & Galt - Cincinnati, OH January 2019 to Present Saved $40k+ in costs and significantly reduced production downtime risks by managing IT projects within $400k Total Lifecycle Management Program (TLM). Ensured technologies are successfully migrated or retired (prior to end of life).  ? Drove team to complete each project on time and within budget to eliminate $40k in extended support costs by introducing project management methods to maintain scope through entire project. Improved team's overall working approach.  ? Supported development and delivery by managing all 60 of virtual project team resources. Collaborated with business and technical teams to lead project delivery from planning to post-implementation to establish timelines, priorities, and expectations. TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER 4 Wells Fargo, S3 - Cincinnati, OH March 2017 to March 2019 Assumed accountability for $2M technical projects within Risk Management Program, such as $800k Credit Investigations project involving code changes to investigation software. Increased accuracy checks for fraudulent account activity.  ? Maintained project scope and visibility by proactively monitoring progress, as well as communicating statuses, risks, upcoming milestones, and recent releases. Liaisoned between business units and hardware teams, developers and vendors.  ? Improved performance of 50 project team members by coaching team to use Agile/Scrum practices to generate sustainability. INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT MANAGER General Electric - Cincinnati, OH May 2014 to December 2016 Evolved agile processes to accelerate performance for 45 technical and business team resources by managing 20 infrastructure projects with $1M+ budgets, while maintaining strong focus on customer satisfaction, organization and project success.  ? Achieved $1M in cost savings by utilizing risk assessment methodologies to assess and mitigate schedule and cost risks. In addition, reduced annual costs by $200k by leading project teams through all project phases to successful implementation.  ? Developed partnerships with Project Officers and Infrastructure Management to drive to big-picture goals and milestones by conducting weekly presentations on project status, budget updates, risk/issues, and any notable project concerns.  ? Introduced strategic planning, risk management, and change management strategies to support in effective planning, development, and deployment of initiatives for technical implementation (software, systems, application, and release). PROJECT MANAGER Accenture, CBTS - Cincinnati, OH October 2012 to April 2014 Increased team output and process accuracy while improving time to market and customer experience as assigned Project Manager for multiple $1M budget infrastructure projects.  ? Generated metrics to provide regular briefings and dashboards to senior management on ongoing infrastructure project performance. Additionally, produced weekly project status reports in service of leading project team through all project phases.  ? Eliminated conflicts between process and tech, as well as resource constraints and dependencies, by collaborating effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Delivered training and mentoring to resources and other Project Managers.  ? Resolved day to day issues by incorporating risk mitigation strategy and contingency plans, as well as facilitating discussions with team members to establish design alternatives, isolate risks and determine criteria for successful completion.    ? Ensured project deliverables were executed on time, within budget and at required level of quality by identifying, securing, and managing required resources internally, as well as externally with vendors. PROJECT MANAGER Toyota Boshoku - Erlanger, KY October 2009 to August 2012 Reduced costs by $200k+ by managing infrastructure projects to ensure implementation and activities were carried out in accordance with specified objectives, budget, and timelines. Project budgets were on average $1M.  ? Tailored best-in-class project management tools and methodologies to provide identify most effective project tools, such as project charter, breakdown structures, communication plans, performance metrics, RAID logs, change management, and risk/issue logs.  ? Increased operational efficiency and reduced risk while managing Blackberry Enterprise Server and Lotus Notes Traveler, as well as patching deployments and Sophos Anti-Virus installations and management.  ? Determined goals and priorities to assess actions, timelines, and resources needed to achieve by working closely with Cisco engineers to troubleshoot hardware issues and new installations. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR December 2007 to October 2009 Education ASSOCIATES DEGREE in Network Administration Cincinnati State University - Cincinnati, OH 2004 Skills PROJECT DEVELOPMENT, PROJECT PLANNING, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, DEPLOYMENT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CITRIX, VMWARE, EXCHANGE, OPENVIEW, REMEDY, BLACKBERRY, EXCHANGE 2000, MS PROJECT, MICROSOFT PROJECT SERVER, VISIO, MICROSOFT PROJECT, MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT, SHAREPOINT, DISASTER RECOVERY, GHOST Links http://linkedin.com/in/tammyeckel Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Customer Satisfaction & Communication Strategies  ? Requirement Definition & Financial Management  ? Project Planning, Execution & Recovery  ? Project Integration & Deployment  ? Software & Hardware Migration    ? Project Development & Performance Management  ? Business Development & Resource Planning  ? Risk Management & Change Management  ? Technical Delivery & Acceptance Testing  ? Vendor Management & RFPs    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    Project Management Tools: MS Project 2010/365 Microsoft Project Server 2010 Visio 2016 Microsoft SharePoint  MS Office Suite(s)  Operating Systems: MS Windows 07/10 Windows Server 2008 Active Directory WSUS Novell  Backup: ArcServe NetBackup Commvault  Security: McAfee Norton Antivirus Trend Micro Sophos Secure ID/RSA  Applications: Clarity TLM STAMP PMUWS Exchange 2000/2003 Blackberry Enterprise Server Lotus  Notes Traveler VMware Ghost Ris OS Deployer Clonezilla HelpStar ServiceDesk BMC  Remedy HP OpenView Citrix DameWare Utilities DSView Windows Remote Assistance  Disaster Recovery Office 365  VoIP: Avaya Call Express 3COM