UHG 1) Principal Project-Program Manager 2) IT Operations UHG 1) Principal <span class="hl">Project</span>-Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> 2) <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations UHG 1) Principal Project-Program Manager 2) IT Operations - United Health Group / Optum Naperville, IL Seasoned IT Service Management professional with proven track record of boosting operational efficiencies and adding value to customer service in the areas of IT Operations Management, Project/Program Management, Data Analysis and Reporting. Work Experience UHG 1) Principal Project-Program Manager 2) IT Operations United Health Group / Optum August 2016 to Present Analysis and Reporting. Both roles are in IT Infrastructure Operations M&A: I drive numerous integration projects as well as improve ITIL and ITSM processes/infrastructure of Acquired Entities. My responsibilities are split into three broad categories:  • Project Management: Managed/Contributed to key infrastructure project  ? Migrate TIBCO (ESB) to MN datacenter (Prod, DR, Dev, Test, Stage environments)  ? Migrate Pharmacy Benefits System, Finance Business Objects, and other key applications to MN datacenter  ? SQL Patch upgrade 125 Prod and 100 non-prod servers  ? Build a DR environment for Critical Business Application (CBA). Eventually, the CBA will be migrated to the new environment.  ? Migrate subsidiary IT Service Management from TrackIT to ServiceNow  ? Gap Analysis of Critical Business Application monitoring  ? Peak Season Readiness: Close monitoring of all critical business applications during crucial year-end period.  • IT Operations Management (ITSM)  ? Incident Management: Designed and Implemented an Incident Management process for Aging Incidents, holding Group Managers and Directors. Reduced Aging Incidents by 50%  ? Change Management: Through effective tracking and escalation, reduced the Unauthorized Changes to a minimum and eliminated Aging Changes.  ? Application / Infrastructure Monitoring: Establishing corporate standards for monitoring applications and underlying infrastructure for all Critical Business Applications. Improved monitoring and response using DynaTrace, Splunk, SolarWinds, among other monitoring applications.  ? Problem Management: Optimized current ServiceNow work flow. Implemented industry best practices. Improved reliability and reduced aging RCAs by 50%.  ? Asset Management/Security Operations: Achieved target of 99.8% by staff augmentation and process improvement.  • Analysis and Reporting  ? Using ServiceNow Reporting, Tableau, and Excel, reported on KPIs and SLAs of all ITSM areas, Infrastructure components, IT Procurement, and Project Management. The Weekly IT Operations Report became a corporate standard. It is used widely (distribution includes CIO and above) as a model to report weekly performances across the organization. Lead offshore resources to automate report generation.  ? Reported on NPS score as a measure of customer satisfaction. Tracked customer specific indicators such as Response Time, Resolution Time to improve customer satisfaction.  ? Automated KPI / SLA reporting using monitors / agents (Dynatrace & Solar Winds). Eliminated manual steps reduced preparation time by 75%. Analyst, Vendor Management, IT Operations & Analytics NiSource June 2015 to June 2016 Managed vendor (IBM) activities to enhance customer experiences and optimize expenses. I was responsible for reviewing contract document changes (including SLA, DCD, SOW). As a part of VMO, I was the escalation point and used Business Analytics for coordination of day-to-day activities in many ITSM areas, including:  • IT Asset Management: Maintain IT Hardware standards. Timely Forecast, Procurement, Licensing, Storage, Refresh, and Disposal of all IT assets. Avoided shortfalls which were common in earlier years  • Incident Management: 24/7 support of key production applications and systems. Impact Analysis, Business Communication, triage and resolution Crisis Management  • EUS: Monitor and enforce SLAs to ensure the Quality of Support of PCs, Servers, Network and other infrastructure components. Saved $100,000 for the organization.  • Change Management: Daily / Weekly reviews of scheduled changes. Review of completed / failed changes, RCA. Helped reduce the percentage of emergency changes.  • Process Improvement: Change/create/monitor processes to maximize team efficiency and customer service. Seek user feedback and sensitivity to drive improvements.  • Business Analytics: Gather operational data, compare with industry standards. Data visualization, trending, result interpretation. Identify and correct data inconsistencies.  • KPI Reporting using Data Warehouse - Automation using Agile.  • Help Desk Management - Provided oversight for Continuous Improvement Process by measuring KPIs related to Ticket Analysis, Ticket Queues and Agent Performance. Created ITSM support documentation. Improved delivery to meet SLAs. Project Manager / Solution Architect Walgreens July 2013 to May 2015 Infrastructure Upgrade  • Manage Infrastructure Upgrade Projects: These projects were spawned from WINXP to WIN7 project. I was responsible for the Requirements, Design, Planning, and Execution of the projects.  - Mailing document generation application upgrade  - Upgrade from IE8 to IE10, Validation and Remediation of all web applications  - Scanner / Image capture application upgrade  • Define Architectural Solution for WIN XP to WIN7 upgrade for 8000+ Walgreens Stores  - Upgrade of key business applications: Gupta Centura, Tuxedo, Websphere 6.5 to 8.5  - DNS/DHCP migration  • Create IT roadmap for application changes affecting store operations in next 2-3 years Sr. Manager, IT Operations Blue Cross Blue Shield of IL / Dearborn National (HCSC) February 2004 to June 2013 Started as Team Lead and promoted to Sr Manager. Responsible for administrative management 13 individuals of four cross-functional teams  • ITSM Manager  - Incident Manager: 24/7 support of Applications and Infrastructure in production environment: Record, classify, prioritize, assign, monitor, and resolve incidents. Lead RCA. Minimized outage recurrences. Introduced War-room approach for P1/P2 incidents.  - Change manager: Developed a change management plans coordinating with corporate IT, established a communications / escalation strategy across IT. Moved all production changes to weekend-only to minimize disruption.  - End User Services Manager, Mobile Devices, Asset Management, Desktop Distribution/Support. Using ITIL, achieved 100% customer satisfaction  * Defined KPIs, SLAs, call statistics, critical success factors and risk factors. Published SLAM charts, dashboards, KPI reports to demonstrate value added by IT  * Created IT services catalog  • Project/Program Manager: Partnered with sponsors, stakeholders, senior management, and vendors. Met strategic goals and objectives of the project in budged and on time:  - Migrating major business applications to new data center,  - Win7 upgrade,  - SQL 2000-2005-2008 upgrade,  - Upgraded Document generation system, Accounting system, and Claims system,  - Merger of Dearborn National with Dental Network of America,  - Rebranding of Fort Dearborn to Dearborn National.  • IT Operations Manager/Field Services (3 Primary and 19 Satellite offices):  - Implemented Asset Management strategy for hardware / software to rein TCO  - Refined the governance to prioritize and approve technology projects  - Prepared and balanced IT operations budget.  - Helped create backup strategy for DR and BCP of business critical applications. Defined RPO / RTO of physical and virtual compute/storage infrastructure Education MS in Mechanical Engineering in Computer Applications Stevens Institute of Technology