IT Program/ Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program/ <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program/ Manager Belleville, MI • Oversaw five $2M global software upgrades for Ford Motor Company.  • Took over and turned around a faltering Quality Leadership System project at Ford. Achieved millions of dollars in savings and improved rollout efficiency 65%. Led 7 plant deployments in only 2 years.  • Increased quality and efficiency, eliminated project delays, and reduced time required for software releases at Active Aero Group by standardizing coding practices and instituting project management standard protocols.  • Enhanced efficiency and reduced project timelines by introducing Agile and Scrum methodologies.  • Played a major role in Active Aero/USA Jet Airlines winning multiple Supplier of the Year awards from Ford, General Motors, and John Deere.  • Guided the design and implementation of a world-class data center and updated the corporate IT infrastructure.  • Improved efficiency, streamlined workflow, and eliminated backlogs at Burroughs by introducing formal project management standards and procedures.  • Played a key role in Ford's IT department earning a "Best in Class" award.  • Dramatically improved efficiency and customer satisfaction by instituting best practice metrics. Work Experience IT Program/ Manager DANA INC - Maumee, OH April 2019 to July 2019 contractor)  • Conducted assessment for a potential SAP ERP enhancement for automotive supplier. Created project plan, business requirements, schedule, timeline and budget. Documented business processes and prepared presentations. IT Program Manager & IT Technical Lead ACTIVE AERO GROUP - Belleville, MI 2014 to November 2018 Oversaw complete project lifecycles and portfolios for this global logistics supply chain solutions provider.  • Responsible for infrastructure and application development, off-the-shelf system implementation, disaster recovery and business continuity solution, infrastructure improvement, and app development projects.  • Executed budget and project planning, staffing, estimating, RFQ responses, and process improvement efforts. Led complete software development lifecycles. Delivered demonstrations and presentations for clients and shareholders.    734-223-8973 • lucendia.halliday@gmail.com    ACTIVE AERO GROUP / USA JET AIRLINES )  • Supervised 3 developers and up to 25 technical personnel. Worked closely with IT team in Mexico. Managed quality, testing, and delivery of global solutions as large as $1M per project. Guided the development of APIs, mobile applications, and logistics systems.  • Contributed to revenue growth by leading the design and development of an enterprise bid management tool to support freight and logistics management efforts for clients such as Ford, John Deere, and others. Though an ecommerce website which was the unique selling proposition of AAG. Legacy system going through a major upgrade.  • Resolved a major FAA compliance issues for a fleet of 13 aircraft by evaluating, selecting, and implementing a new terminal automation tool (COTAS) for maintenance and document control.  • Reduced risk and increased system reliability by implementing disaster recovery and business continuity tools. IT Project Manager BURROUGHS - Plymouth, MI 2012 to 2013 contractor)  Directed a variety of infrastructure and SDLC initiatives for one of the leading ATM machine manufacturers.  • Supervised project teams and administered budgets up to $1M. Responsible for staffing, planning, estimating, and RFQs. Coordinated vendor teams. Led change management efforts.  • Planned and led a complete upgrade of the company's IT infrastructure.  • Recognized for completing all projects on time and within budget.  • Effectively integrated the networks, email systems, and infrastructures of 2 acquired companies. Program Management Analyst FORD MOTOR COMPANY - Dearborn, MI 2011 to 2012 contractor)  Supported engineering teams in preparation for a new vehicle launch in China. Performed coaching and training.  • Improved project performance by creating a standard project management model and educating teams on documentation processing, project planning, and reporting.  • Carried out project management training for the engineering change management functions and ensured all documentation and presentations were completed for initial billings. Project Manager at MMR CAREER NOTES 2007 to 2011 AAA MICHIGAN (2006-2007) and IT Project Manager at FORD MOTOR COMPANY (1999-2006). Education MA in Human Performance Improvement & Training University of Michigan - Dearborn, MI BA in Advertising in Communications Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI Skills PMBOK, RUP, CLIENT/SERVER, HTML, VISIO, SDM, JAVA, JSP, JIRA, ORACLE, MS OFFICE, EXCEL, POWERPOINT, WORD Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lucendiahalliday Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Technical Skills: MS Office, Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Skype, Webex Oracle, Java, JSP, HTML, JIRA, PMBOK, RUP, SDM, Scrum & Agile Methodologies, Iterative Development, Distributed/Client/Server Development, Hierarchical & Unified Development