IT Project Manager Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant Senior Project/Program Manager Tucson, AZ PASSIONATE RESULTS-DRIVEN GLOBAL IT PROJECT/PROGRAM MANAGER  Highly motivated Senior Information Technology professional with 20 years delivering complex infrastructure and application integration solutions to corporate customers. Leader of global projects and teams in the delivery of enterprise technology and ecommerce solutions. Extensive knowledge of project management methodologies with solid understanding of enterprise technologies leveraging PMP, Agile and ITIL best practices. Recognized by colleagues and leaders as strong analytical thinker, innovator and problem solver. Excellent communicator with keen focus on developing trusting relationships to ensure best customer satisfaction outcomes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Consultant A & L Consulting - Tucson, AZ September 2018 to Present IT Project Manager Consultant (self employed)    Performed short term IT project management consulting services to local industry    • Senior Project Manager on Performing short term IT project management consulting services to local industry.  • Working on various Climate Change global communication projects. Senior Project Manager Fiserv - Austin, TX July 2018 to September 2018 • Senior Project Manager on Datacenter migration effort for Fiserv's financial archive division with a focus on the management of the middleware migration sub project..  • Led project to revise a series of manual processes of delivering hard copy financial archives to key financial clients under SLA guidelines.  • Initiated plan to automate the manual archive delivery process though use of Ricoh's RPD product and Talend scripting tools. Project/Program Manager IBM GTS - Phoenix, AZ November 2009 to June 2016 Managed $35+M global AMERICAN EXPRESS line of business program delivering products and services on platforms ranging from distributed, cloud and mainframe systems providing leadership at the enterprise level for cross- functional, multi-platform business initiatives.  • Led highly effective global team of Project Managers in delivering on wide array of quality enterprise-level application and data center infrastructure solutions for AMERICAN EXPRESS. Established regular cadence providing direction to team members to inspire and enhance effectiveness.  • Managed project portfolio performance targets for 7 consecutive years maintaining 100% on-time, on-budget objectives by proactive management resulting in zero SLA performance penalties for the portfolio.  • Project/Program Manager on $220M three year global data center migration initiative for AMERICAN EXPRESS. The migration included 5000+ application images including cloud, distributed and card processing mainframe systems. Migration team received CEO accolades for zero customer outages.  • Managed and deployed BI/DW Data warehouse Informatica infrastructure project utilizing AIX, UDB, Oracle and Mainframe DB2 systems for AMEX big data customer data analysis.  • Vast experience managing data center infrastructure projects with cloud, distributed, mainframe, Disaster Recovery, SAN Storage and LAN/WAN requirements.  • Successfully managed two year Global Foreign Exchange infrastructure initiative to build multi-tiered platform deploying cloud, Oracle, mainframe DB2 and custom financial applications.  • IBM PMO Training Manager for 50+ project managers focusing on account specific processes, project management methodologies and best practices for US and global off-shore teams located in India, Brazil, Argentina, UK and Australia. IBM GTS - Phoenix, AZ May 2002 to June 2016 Senior Project Manager IBM GTS December 2005 to October 2009 Managed $30+M AMERICAN EXPRESS IT program for consumer facing AMEX Card, Payment System and Travel products for the americanexpress.com ecommerce web portal.    • Led 2 year uplift project for the primary card payment platform on the AMERICAN EXPRESS web portal to migrate to an IBM hardware stack which included p-series hardware, Websphere, SQL, DB2 and Oracle RAC significantly improving platform stability and end user availability.  • Led project to complete state of the art global fraud detection system for americanexpress.com web portal. At the request of the customer, delivered to the client 6 months ahead of schedule through use of innovative project management techniques..  • Led 18 month initiative to design and implement patented IBM License Management System (ILMT) across AMERICAN EXPRESS data Center for approximately 3000 server images, This improved server and software utilization count accuracy resulting in recovering of $7+M in lost hosting and software licensing revenues over a projected 5 year period.  • Produced savings for our account PMO of $1+M by improving project management productivity through cross training of proposal development and implementation teams under the umbrella of rigorous 2 year up-skilling training program.  • Lead Project Manager for all high dollar high risk initiatives. Project Manager IBM GTS May 2002 to November 2005 Managed AMERICAN EXPRESS Web Hosting projects for e-Commerce and Steady State Support portfolios.    • Managed yearly average of 32 infrastructure projects, integrating application and infrastructure solutions for customer.  • Worked with global technology teams in highly matrixed environment.  • Mentor for peer project managers supporting and helping in their professional growth. Project Manager & Team Leader AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY - Phoenix, AZ September 1996 to April 2002 Performed application integration support for midrange and mainframe platforms for AMERICAN EXPRESS technologies.    • Designed process improvement methodologies for PM and infrastructure support teams.  • Spearheaded program to create knowledge repository for Data Center Operations in an effort to decrease application downtime duration. Education BS in Computer Science in Computer Science University of New York at Buffalo - Buffalo, NY Skills application integration (5 years), BI (6 years), budget (6 years), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (6 years), Datacenter (10+ years), Data warehouse (6 years), DB2 (10+ years), Disaster Recovery (6 years), EMC (Less than 1 year), ENTERPRISE APPLICATION (5 years), Forecasting (Less than 1 year), integration (5 years), INTEGRATOR (5 years), Oracle (10+ years), PMO (10+ years), process improvement (5 years), project management (10+ years), SAN (6 years), SQL (3 years), STORAGE AREA NETWORK (6 years), Estimating, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, Outlook, maintenance, Word, Customer Service Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/andrewdjebnar Certifications/Licenses PMP September 2005 to September 2021 PMP Project Management Certification CSM Certification July 2018 to July 2021 Certified Scrum Master Certification