IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Fiber-Line LLC Breinigsville, PA Information Technology professional with over 16 years of experience in IT management, software development life cycle, project management, and ERP systems. Resourceful problem solver with proven ability to bring a quick resolution to challenging situations. Self-motivated individual with strong planning, organizational and interpersonal skills.  Areas of Strength & Experience  Project Management - Business Analysis - Systems Design & Development - Evaluation & Testing - Risk & Scope Management - Budget Development & Control - Data Migration - Systems Integration - Technical Training - Team Development - Strategic Planning - System Requirements - System Administration Work Experience IT Manager Fiber-Line LLC - Hatfield, PA November 2009 to Present Fiber-Line is a manufacturing company of high-performance fibers with locations in the United States, The Netherlands, United Kingdom, and China.    • Department Manager of a team of IT professionals. Responsible for all IT Department functions including daily operations, VMware environment, training, budget, policies and procedures, and vendor management.  • ERP Project Manager implemented ERP system at all locations.  • Managed ERP data migration such as customers, vendors, bill of materials, product specs, customer specs  • Managed the migration of physical and virtual servers to a cloud environment.  • Established a hardware and software asset management plan.  • Successfully implemented and tested an offsite backup and DR solution.  • Implemented Cisco Unified Communication Manager and Cisco Telepresence Management Suite, replacing obsolete phone and video conference system. ERP System Administrator Fiber-Line LLC - Hatfield, PA December 2008 to November 2009 • Established ERP business requirements and managed software development and testing of ERP System.  • Introduced a procedure for reporting issues which lead to faster resolution times.  • Gathered requirements, developed, and tested three packaging systems. Systems were integrated within the ERP system.  • Implemented barcode labeling solution which reduced total the time of a physical inventory from a week to six hours.  • Performed system administrator functions including managing support operations and offering technical solutions to end-users as needed.  • Recruited, managed and retained development and support staff. ERP System Administrator Consultant Fiber-Line LLC - Hatfield, PA October 2008 to December 2008 - Contracted through Robert Half Technology    • Assessed current state of ERP implementation through meetings with all stakeholders. Established basic requirements and outlined a practical implementation plan.  • Logged over 100 user-reported issues and corrected all major issues within two months. Project Analyst TonyGbur@Yahoo.com - Allentown, PA March 2008 to October 2008 • McKesson HSM Project Manager, evaluated OR, PACU, GI and SPU software and hardware requirements.  • Assisted Sacred Heart Hospital's McKesson PMM Project Manager with interface development and implementation McKesson PMM.  • Developed and assisted others with writing SQL scripts used to extract data from systems.  • 3M Codefinder Project Manager, negotiated contract and timeline. Managed interface development and training.  • Developed custom reports in McKesson PMM using Crystal Reports.  • Backup support for McKesson PMM, M2 Clinical Data Repository, and MedHost EDIS systems. Project Manager Mosley Holdings - Allentown, PA January 2003 to March 2008 Company consisting of a management company and four chemical manufacturing companies with nine plants located in the United States.    • Collaborated with board of directors, end-users, vendors and IT, closing communication gaps and reestablishing system requirements. Thus, restoring integrity of a mission-critical project that was in disarray and behind schedule.  • Designed customized screens and interfaces to meet system requirements, reducing data entry by 60%.  • Recruited, managed and retained development and support staff.  • Managed software vendors and consultants.  • Simultaneously managed software development and testing of MS Dynamics, WERCS and Loftware, along with data migration and the gathering of raw material component data for SDS and REACH requirements.  • Managed data migration from ADAGE, CIMPRO, SNAP and PM Software to new ERP system, MS Dynamics.  • Managed development and implementation of WERCS regulatory software, automating customer regulatory requests.  • Fully integrated MS Dynamics ERP system with WERCS regulatory system and Loftware labeling system.  • Successfully implemented ERP system and WERCS regulatory system in four phases over two years in nine U.S. locations. After each implementation, system quickly identified shortfalls giving management direction.  • Oversaw development of SOPs and trained staff.  • Assisted with telecom line cost analysis; as a result data center was move from Sheridan, AR to Allentown, PA. Seamlessly moved data center over a three day weekend.  • Managed software upgrades and application enhancements.  • Perform System Administrator functions including managing Help Desk operations and offering technical solutions to end-users as needed. Education Master in IS/ IT Project Management Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2011 B.S. in Computer Information Systems Management Delaware Valley University - Doylestown, PA 2001 Skills Cisco, Exchange, Citrix, Hsm, Vmware, Sql server, Sql, Ms office, Video conferencing, Dynamics, Ms dynamics, Ms project, Visio, Visual basic, Mckesson, Symantec, Crystal reports, Wireless, Websense, Lan Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Software: Windows, Windows Server, MS Office Suite, Visio, MS Project, Exchange Server, SQL Server, Visual Basic.Net, VMWare, MS Dynamics, FRX Analytics, Crystal Reports, Citrix, Loftware, WERCS, Websense Enterprise, Symantec Antivirus Enterprise, McKesson PMM, McKesson HSM, M2 Clinical Data Repository, MedHost EDIS, 3M Codefinder, Cisco Unified Communication Manager, Cisco Telepresence Management Suite    Hardware: Desktops, Notebooks, Servers, LAN/ WAN Hardware, Wireless Networks and Devices, Video Conferencing Systems  Anthony Gbur  215-429-3800 ? TonyGbur@Yahoo.com