Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Green Solar Technologies Beverly Hills, CA IT Project Management professional with more than 20+ years of experience -- a Project Manager with excellent management, diagnostic, and vendor support skills, astute at managing cross-functional domestic and international teams on application and infrastructure projects-- A Project Manager who's detail-oriented and resourceful in multi-tasking assigned projects to completion and on schedule. Work Experience Project Manager Green Solar Technologies - North Hollywood, CA March 2019 to Present Coordination, management and scheduling of site visits between homeowners and installers as well as acting as a liaison between the sales & installation teams, distributors, permit offices and customers. Coordinating and managing a multitude of installation phases - transitions and tasks.    • Devising and implementing project budgets and effectively forecasting and tracking any deviations from implemented budgets.  • Working and coordinating with designers and engineers to create construction plans for residential solar systems.  • Working and coordinating with local building departments and permit offices to attain proper project permits.  • Managing and coordinating a multitude of material shipments. Project Manager/Coordinator Creole Celina Entertainment & Media - Beverly Hills, CA February 2005 to Present As a part-time/As needed independent contractor for the past 14 years, I've assisted the international production team by successfully developing and coordinating its database in order to correlate with international stakeholders.  • Created, designed, coordinated and implemented a database correlating major international stakeholders, i.e., Universum Film {Cologne, Germany}.  • Implemented a communication system to support global database.  • Troubleshooting, creating manuals/ logs to support and market projects. IT Project Manager Creole Celina Entertainment & Media - Hollywood, CA July 2006 to January 2017 Coordinated, supervised and managed functioning of client's projects with precision-- Devised and updated suitable solutions, provided recommendations per assessed systems, and other issues that required troubleshooting, as well as offered technical assistance.    • Planned, procured, coordinated, and managed j2 special projects and operations per compliance with vendors and teams (internal and external).  • Implementation, management and support of multiple projects and support of their life cycle to completion - Domestic and International.  • Devised multiple manuals (Installation and Operational User) for a multitude of migrations and acquisitions along with supporting documentation.  • Trained customer service and sales agents regarding newly acquired companies per their requirements which I devised cheat sheets to support their comprehension. PM/ Project Coordinator Loreen Arbus Productions, Inc - Los Angeles, CA September 2004 to December 2005 As Project Manager/Coordinator responsible for providing outstanding service to Arbus Productions clients during the implementation of complex service order requests. Demonstrated master level understanding of implementing complex telecommunications products and services, and develop an in-depth understanding of external carrier order systems and processes, including industry standard intervals for specific order types. Education Business Administration & Management Bryman College - Los Angeles, CA 1992 Merger and Acquisition Management Pierce College - Woodland Hills, CA 1989 Skills Scheduling, Outlook, budget