Supply Chain Analyst Supply Chain Analyst Supply Chain Analyst Westminster, CO A highly competent, organized and service-oriented professional Data Analyst with over 8 years of experience identifying  any efficiencies, problem areas, and/or potential improvements. Some of my proven results include performing high-level  analysis for business requests and generating summary documents for CEO management for monthly and quarterly audit  and compliance reports. Educational requirements listed include a bachelor's degree in Telecommunication Engineering,  coupled with more than 8 years of experience in fields like assessment data, data investigation, test development, products,  and services research. Work Experience Supply Chain Analyst Xcel Energy - Henderson, CO February 2019 to August 2019 SharePoint - Dashboard implementation Project - 6 Months)    • Create technical & process documentation, SharePoint Libraries to ensure continuity and scale-up of manuals and development information.  • Create Tableau Dashboard guides for planners and buyers showing a different kind of information related to Purchase  Request and Purchase Orders.  • Develop several Script Recording and Playback routines to speedup manual and time-consuming procedures.  • Acquire, cleaned and sorted several data tables in order to be adjusted to SAP requirements for transferring.. Supply Chain Analyst - Project Manager Dymark Solutions Corp - Doral, FL April 2014 to December 2018 Support Accounting, Forecasting and Revenue Assurance teams on the ad-hoc reporting requests, including customer  behavior analysis and demographic report, also supported wide range of projects related to dealing with raw data into graphic models using ETL system design.  • Supervised training, support and coordination of the activities of team members to ensure departmental goals and objectives were met on time.  • Manage Report Platform Development, implementation and support, using PHP and MySQL to connect database to different sources to have a better presentation of the information allowing managers to have a clear picture of their  business.  • Acquiring, validating, standardizing, and warehousing large amounts of raw public records data from variety of sources  into searchable dashboards for customer access using Tableau and Alteryx Platform.  • Managed and maintained retailer chain listing for multiple department use, audited weekly, monthly and quarterly data  of accounts to maintain data accuracy.  • Manage Standalone Payment Terminals acquisition, configuration, assignment and installation in +500 locations across USA.  "In God we trust. All others must bring data."  W. Edwards Deming, Statistician  Westminster, CO 80234  germanky@gmail.com (305) 440 9650    www.linkedin.com/in/germanrodriguezusa/ Procurement Coordinator Trade Logistics Corp - Doral, FL April 2011 to March 2014 • Led Internal Procedures Policy Development for a Freight forwarder business allowing to optimize each process of the logistics chain from the quotation to the delivery of the cargo at its destination.  • Managed Physical Business Development with Low cost technology including low cost communications, web site  management tools adaptation, security video monitoring and finger prints, human resources tools, printing materials and search engine optimization.  • Responsible and accountable for the coordinated management of multiple related projects directed toward strategic  business and other organizational objectives  • Maintained continuous alignment of program scope with strategic business objectives and make recommendations to modify the program to enhance effectiveness toward the business result or strategic intent.  • Fostered customer loyalty by ensuring that our customers fully utilize the value of our solutions and services. IT Coordinator Energy Freight Systems - Doral, FL 2007 to March 2011 IT Administrator Nature's Flowers - Miami, FL 2005 to 2007 Education B.S. in Telecommunications Engineer Saint Thomas University 2005 Skills Microsoft project, Sharepoint, Sisense, Tableau, Mysql, Sql, Erp, Etl, Sap, Organizational skills, Customer service, Bi, Acrobat, Adobe acrobat, Microsoft office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/germanrodriguezusa Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    • Highly creative, self-motivated individual with 13 years of experience.  • Commitment to delivering a high level of customer service.  • Computer skills necessary to compile and organize information including ETL system design,  • Ability to develop and maintain effective work relationships  • Strong organizational skills and ability to give attention to details  • Able to work effectively as an independent or part of a team    Additional Skills    ? Project Management Software: Microsoft Project, Trello, Smartsheet, Asana and Orangescrum.  ? Business Administration Software: Microsoft Office 365, Adobe Acrobat, Skyvia and SharePoint.  ? Data Managing Software: MySql, SQL, SAP ERP Central Component, Qlik View, Alteryx, Sisense BI and Tableau.  ? Available to relocate and travel until the Project is completed.