Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager - PM Technologies Work Experience Sr. Project Manager PM Technologies - Atlanta, GA 2016 to Present Workstream lead for an enterprise wide business transformation to improve customer experience and reduce cost at automotive auction sites by delivering streamlined operating processes and technologies.    • Work with key business partners to define outcome-based objectives and measures that align project design, execution and implementation to the organization's strategic goals.  • Facilitate planning and deployment of PolicyTech, a Policy and Procedure Management application, and xMatters, an Alerting application, to over 4000 employees.  • Ensuring of effective communication to all stakeholders and decreased communication times to auctions about system issues by 25%.  • Manage issues to resolution for Operations and IT Support teams reducing total number of system tickets by 20%. IT Business Analyst SP Richards - Smyrna, GA 2014 to 2015 Led business requirements definition and analysis to deploy a new Order Management System (OMS). Converted an in-house OMS system to a 3rd party enterprise OMS system.    • Managed multi-stakeholder expectations and priorities related to project issues and data challenges between customers and IS groups to ensure meaningful process improvements and project implementation.  • Documented business requirements, created process flows and functional designs, and managed application data in all phases of the development lifecycle.  • Researched and communicated needed changes with IT system architects to identify and validate technical solutions for new Order Management System (OMS).  • Served as the subject matter expert to end users and IT teams during training and testing of the new system. Education BA in Supply Chain Management Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI 2012 to 2013 Master of Information Technology in Information Technology American InterContinental University - Atlanta, GA Skills DEPLOYMENT (3 years), ORDER MANAGEMENT (3 years), TRAINING (2 years), SUPPLY CHAIN (1 year), SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT (1 year), PMP, Agile Scrum, Project Management, PM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tjkuznitz Additional Information SKILLS    Business Analysis  Process Reengineering  Product Deployment  Supply Chain Management  Vendor Management  End User Training  Team Building & Coaching    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Software Tools: Microsoft, MS ( Project, Visio, Office, SharePoint), HP Quality Center, Citrix, SQL, Toad, Oracle,  DB Visualizer, Mongo VUE 1.6.9.0, Hermes, TomCat, Apache, Crystal Reports, xMatters, and PolicyTech.  Programming: Visual Basic, Java, HTML, ASP, FTP, UNIX, and XML.  Supply Chain Systems: Oracle Transportation Manager (TMS), i2 | JDA Transportation Manager (TMS), Supply Chain Strategist, and Optimizer, Descartes Route Planner & Wireless application, and MobileCast.  Warehousing Systems: IBM Sterling, Manhattan PkMS, and Order Management System - OMS.