Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Fort Worth, TX Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager IBM Global Business Services 2014 to 2019 • Developed strategy and managed $29M conversion project replacing a large monolithic legacy AT&T application using microservices architecture.  • Worked as a Project Manager on a plans and controls team assigned to provide oversight to projects impacting several AT&T applications made up of 8 separate projects.  • Collaborated with senior management to help design the organization structure required to successfully deliver the program via agile methodology, including forming 10 scrum teams, a project management structure and several other delivery resources groups.  • Designed and delivered business system infrastructure solution that supported implementation of new Design, Price and Provisioning system which involved 10 sub-teams and 120 Developers consisting of 5 major applications and 8 projects.    IBM Global Business Services ) IBM Global Business Services - Middletown, NJ 2000 to 2019 Senior System Engineer IBM Global Business Services 2013 to 2014 • Worked as System Engineer in developing solutions for AT&T Service Component Pricing Session microservice using Java, JSON and other new technologies.  • Coordinated with various scrum team architects, developers and testers in coming up with solution for pricing component of microservices and its integration with other microservices. Hosted Scrum calls on daily basis and had regular meetings with all stake holders.  • Created Epic Stories, User Stories and overall architecture concepts. Project Manager IBM Global Business Services 2008 to 2013 • Program managed upgrade of AT&T Total Economic Analysis Management System.  • Evaluated and selected new Hardware and Software for the new Windows environments. Implemented different environments adhering to AT&T Security standards.  • Project managed Tariff applications upgrade to latest version of Linux VMware servers using Oracle and connect direct software.  • Worked on migration of two large legacy AT&T applications from old Operating system to new OS. Resolved many complex compiler and compatibility issues working with developers. Made the client/servers applications run on new version of Windows OS.  • Migrated AT&T Galaxy ABS application from old platform to new platform. Worked on upgrading Linux Operating System and Informix database on front end with mainframe on the backend. Application Project Manager IBM Global Business Services 2003 to 2007 • Managed enhancements and maintenance of 12 AT&T sales applications.  • Created estimates deliverables for 12 AT&T sales applications utilizing a bottoms-up estimates model following AT&T vendor guidelines and project management tools of record.  • Single point of contact for all the SDLC phases (from concept to project delivery).  • Reported all in-flight status to senior leadership on regular basis.  • Conducted weekly status meeting with appropriate stakeholders.  • Managed production defect backlog remediation and tier-3 trouble ticket support through AT&T ticketing procedures and application of record.  • Worked with different interfacing applications on issues regarding the data content or feed files and resolved them on timely basis.  • Coordinated production software delivery via AT&T change management procedures.  • Provided development team support for high severity outages and helped manage the issues  to closure.  • Facilitated communication between different teams (UAT, ST, Development and production support). Senior Developer IBM Global Business Services 2000 to 2002 • Worked on AT&T Sales Customer Solution Management (CSM) application.  • Migrated CSM Application from Sybase and Bluestone Sapphire on HP/UX and Windows OS on to latest version of Oracle and WebSphere on Unix Operating system saving AT&T 1M in terms of Hardware and Software Maintenance costs.  • Worked with client in gathering the requirements for new applications and translating them as system requirements. Helped development team in writing various documents.  • Conducted regular staff meetings and updated AT&T senior management on Bi-monthly basis. Education MS Computer Science in Computer Science New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ M Tech in Electrical Engineering Sri Venkateswara University - Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh B Tech in Electrical Engineering Bangalore University - Bengaluru, Karnataka Indian Institute of Science - Bengaluru, Karnataka Skills INFORMIX, ORACLE, SQL, C/C++, C++, PM, SDLC, Software Development, Waterfall, Scrum Master, PMP, Information Technology, Project Management, Itil Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jawaharg