Office Manager, IT Specialist Office <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Office Manager, IT Specialist - Old Fences Realty Inc Gandeeville, WV To perform task in an ever-changing work environment and giving the best service whether it's in public service or industrial settings.    Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Office Manager, IT Specialist Old Fences Realty Inc - Spencer, WV November 2016 to Present • Managed day-to-day operations of the office including answering phones, e-mails and preparing documentation for the day.  • Customer service including answering questions via in person, phone and email.  • Office technology repair such as computers, faxes, printers, drones, cameras and cellphones. (Hardware repairs include upgrading and replacing key components such as Hard Drives, Motherboards, Controller Cards and Power Supply)  • Creating and maintaining company website by using a base template and modifying using HTML to fit the criteria of what is needed for the business.  • Creating and executing sales contracts and listing contracts and all documents imperative to the operation of the sales of real estate.  • Preparing legal work that is to be sent to attorneys pertain to sales or transfer of real estate.  • Marketing strategies for listings that included creating web design ads, radio ads and social media ads.  • Social media relations and marketing to boost company brand.  • Video and photo editing from drone and camera footage for websites and conventions.  • Software includes Databases, MS Office Suite, Cyber link Video Suites. Installing Windows and Updates as well as implementing Virus Protection Software.  • Explore different technologies that will give a cutting edge experience for customers looking at real estate.  Mustang Survival Inc. Spencer, WV 25276 Technical Writing 2012 to July 2015 • Technical writing of Standard Operating Procedures for military projects.  • Assist in various projects usually based around the company intranet.  • Making and designing labels for products using label design software (Propriety MAP system for manufacturing).  • Assist in shipping and receiving.  • Inventory assessment and auditing. Project Management WVWISP LLC 2009 to October 2012 • Repair and design WIFI towers using P2P radio connections some exceeding 400ft (Replacing of radio which would frequently being struck by lighting).  • Maintain close relations with software and backbone ISP's.  • Install device at client's house and on site customer & technical support including fixing a customer PC depending of range of problems.  • Drove company vehicle to work sites and customer sites.  • Customer Call Center where I would troubleshoot problems with desktop, laptops and connectivity to the network being broadcast from an AP point on the towers. Help Desk Support for ticketing problems that occur at the project site and cross referencing notes to better troubleshoot problems in the future. SDR Plastics INC 2007 to March 2009 • Worked with the extrusion chemical and material setup.  • Worked with Siemens Extrusion Systems to monitor machines and product.  • Troubleshoot any problems that may occur during manufacturing operations.  • Collecting samples to deposit to the lab for various testing.  • Machine maintenance and upkeep.  • Upholding regulations set by OSHA and ISO. Education A.s in Computer Science Cisco Academy Network and Systems Engineering ICND - Parkersburg, WV 2001 to 2004 Skills Operations, Shipping, Ms office, Networking, Linux, Lan, Windows 10, Windows 98, Mac, Shipping and receiving, Documentation, Technical documentation, Safety procedures, Polymer Additional Information Technical Skills  Computer Repair: Installing and replacing hardware such as Motherboard, Video Card, Hard Drives and other key components. Networking: Design and implementing a variety of different types of schemes including WAN and LAN, Troubleshooting networks including Servers, Routers, and Switches and terminating cables (CAT5, CAT6 shielded and unshielded pairs) Software: Operating System Knowledge includes Windows 98 to Windows 10, Windows NT, Linux Distributions and Mac OSX. Office Software Includes MS Office, Linux 123, and Open Office. Troubleshooting Systems using the native operating system to diagnose and resolve the problem that is being presented and determining whether it is a software failure or hardware failure and find a solution for said problem. Implementing various Anti Virus software to secure the system from data loss and operating system failure.    Other Skills  Extruder operations and polymer manufacturing, Technical documentation in a manufacturing atmosphere, Manufacturing structure including Safety procedures and disposal of material. Shipping and receiving knowledge including warehouse. Laborer in various manufacturing and natural resource development.