Project Manager Tech - Department of Defense <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Tech - Department of Defense Project Manager Tech - BAE Systems Intelligence & Security Alexandria, VA Project Manager   Experienced Project Manager who embraces challenges and is a motivated self-starter    Project management professional with more than 30 years of combined experience working on behalf of the Department of Defense and Federal Government Agencies.  Expertise in driving full cycle project management, designing and implementing complex infrastructure, coaching teams to high-performance, and innovating creative solutions to maximize resources and reduce costs.  Effective in creating process improvements and driving efficiencies to exceed project goals.  Proven leader and strategist with experience managing teams up to 25 people and budgets of $7M.  Possesses Secret Security Clearance through 2025. Work Experience Project Manager Tech - Department of Defense BAE Systems Intelligence & Security - Spring Lake, NC 2019 to Present Spring Lake, NC 2019 - Current  Intelligence & Security delivers a broad range of solutions and services enabling militaries and governments to successfully carry out their missions. Provides large-scale systems engineering, integration, and sustainment services across air, land, sea, space, and cyber domains.  Project Manager Tech - Department of Defense  Provides the coordination and completion of all aspects of assigned projects. Responsible for planning and scheduling various project workloads. Ensures that assignment and scheduling of work follows company policy. Plans efforts, sets deadlines, assigns responsibilities, and monitors work and expenditures to ensure schedule and budget are maintained for multiple projects simultaneously. Gathers and analyzes information to prepare project status reports for upper management. IT Project Manager - Department of State VALIDATEK - Arlington, VA 2017 to 2019 Arlington, VA 2017 - 2019  SBA 8(a) certified technology Solutions Company dedicated to anticipating, meeting and exceeding the information technology needs of its Federal Government customers and partners.  IT Project Manager - Department of State  Supervise 5+ direct reports, overseeing information technology systems and infrastructure projects for the Department of State (DOS). Ensure all client needs assessments, technology research, technical support and project planning, and implementation meets all established parameters and benchmarks in alignment with operational goals and objectives.  Select Accomplishments:  • Supported the closure of an obsolete data center, orchestrating the decommissioning and removal of 700+ workstations, computer peripherals, and office equipment, taking extreme care to safeguard classified and confidential information.  • Administered on-site training and staff development to educate project personnel of standard operating procedures and project management best practices and methodologies, increasing overall team efficiency and productivity. IT Project Manager Department of Defense - Arlington, VA 2016 to 2017 INSIGHT GLOBAL Arlington, VA 2016 - 2017  Nationwide employment services company specializing in temporary, contract and permanent staffing solutions for information technology and other core lines of business.  IT Project Manager - Department of Defense  Capitalized on expertise in business process engineering and full cycle project management to support diverse technology projects for the Department of Defense.  Select Accomplishments:  • Maintained engagement with internal and external stakeholders in alignment with expected outcomes and client's needs.  • Contributed insights toward improvement efforts with the operational management. IT Project Manager - US Army Reserve Command SAIC CORP - McLean, VA 2015 to 2016 McLean, VA 2015 - 2016  Longstanding technology integrator serving defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence entities through a team of more than 23,000 highly-trained project specialists, including 6,000+ veterans.  IT Project Manager - US Army Reserve Command  Tasked with planning and implementing small and large-scale IT projects enhancing the U.S. Army Reserve Command's communication/information exchange capabilities with direct oversight for project life cycle management, technology planning, information assurance, quality assurance, and personnel management.  Select Accomplishments:  • Utilized a combination of real-time monitoring, market research and analysis of available metrics to recommend whether to continue, modify or cancel a $2M managed services contract.  • Conducted a system-wide evaluation following the upgrade to Windows 10, spearheading the testing of more than 200 devices, taking care to minimize downtime and troubleshoot system issues. IT Project Manager - Department of Justice NTT DATA FEDERAL SERVICES, INC - McLean, VA 2014 to 2015 McLean, VA 2014 - 2015  A division of global IT services provider NTT DATA Corporation, NTT DATA Services specializes in cloud migration, customer experience and infrastructure projects for government agencies and corporations.  IT Project Manager - Department of Justice  Sourced and assembled highly-skilled project personnel to fulfill IT voice, video, and data projects worth up to $7M in support of the Department of Justice (DOJ). Guided all project life cycle development, working closely with internal and external partners to achieve project goals and objectives.  Select Accomplishments:  • Assigned the role of Project Lead for a major software upgrade project transitioning all hardware to Java 8, driving all testing and system analyses before the roll-out to 35K+ end users.  • Instrumental in developing an agency-wide plan to reallocate and reduce the number of printers utilized by more the 5K staff, effectively reducing printer equipment by 50% and significantly lowering printer supply and maintenance expenses. IT Project Manager - Department of State AINS, INC - Gaithersburg, MD 2009 to 2014 Gaithersburg, MD 2009 - 2014  American software company serving nearly 440 clients in 45 countries since 1988 through its cloud-based, adaptive case management solutions designed to seamlessly automate routine and complex business processes.  IT Project Coordinator - Department of State  Provided project planning and implementation for IT, voice and video technology projects on behalf of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). Supported a team of 25 technical staff to coordinate project scheduling, budget administration, resource allocation, and customer support.  Select Accomplishments:  • Devised and introduced a new account management system effectively reducing the processing time for new network accounts by 50%, eliminating the use of paper-based record-keeping and increasing the security of account holder data.  • Supported Homeland Security Presidential Directive (HSPD-12) security applications, operational environment.  • Continuously monitored all program activity for adherence to program obligations, introducing process improvements to reduce production time and complete all projects within or under budget. Active Duty Soldier/ Project & Construction Manager United States Army - Fort Bragg, NC 1987 to 2008 • Distributed technical information between commanders and clients toward project completion, and created short-and long-range staffing plans to meet forecasted mission requirements.   • Served as personnel manager and soldier advocate with responsibility for personnel and related administrative management functions including payroll, marital, financial, health, and morale related issues. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Campbell University - Buies Creek, NC Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: SFC/E-7 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License ITIL v3 Present