IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director Senior IT leader with a results driven approach. Inspire and motivate teams to consistently deliver excellence. Katy, TX Work Experience IT Director TEXAS DOW EMPLOYEE CREDIT UNION May 2013 to Present Sugarland, TX May 2013 - Present  Director, IT Systems Infrastructure, Enterprise Architecture, Information Management & Data Analytics  4th largest CU in the state; 40 branches, 3 call centers, and distributed management functions in 15 cities; 200,000 members, $3B+ AUM.  Senior compliance, operations, and digital transformation strategist and customer services advocate for enterprise architecture, service delivery, personnel, and infrastructure systems. Directed staff (inclusive of recruitment, cross training, and development) structured into service desk, servers, storage, database administration, video conferencing, network, application support and telecom teams. Currently direct staff inclusive of Enterprise Data Architect, BI developers, database administrator, and business analysts. Owned data centers, telephony and communications, network, end user productivity hardware and software, systems software and operations security. Currently manage technology operating and capital plans and budgets. Accountable for creating and maintaining cloud computing strategy and governance. Accountable for developing the enterprise data management & analytics strategy, defining and executing the overall data management strategy including data: governance, security, collection, transformation, modeling, and quality processes.    Achievement Highlights  • Key Deliverables--Reduced operating costs by $1M annually by negotiating favorable telecom and enterprise agreements, implementing and executing on enterprise lifecycle strategy, and consolidating data centers. Accountable senior leader for building roadmap and executing on a new data center co-location initiative; responsible for RFP, design, budget, cost, implementation, outsourced services, and day to day data center operations. Successfully converted 7 Whitney Bank locations to the TDECU infrastructure on time and under budget. Designed and implemented infrastructure for newly built Service Center. Accountable leader for DNA Core Banking system infrastructure implementation team; responsible and accountable for building roadmap and playbook for the DNA Core System infrastructure design and implementation. Accountable IT leader for several mergers and acquisitions.  • Employee Management and Workforce Planning--Develops and ensures customer-centric processes. Assigns and schedules staff in a 24-7-365 environment. Functions as project management office advisor. Serves as best practices developer and implementer of ITIL v.3 processes. Manages IT talent portfolio to align with enterprise strategic roadmap.  • Systems Infrastructure, Operations and Security Administration--selects vendors; oversees upgrades for hardware, middleware, and firmware. Quality assures testing. Oversees capacity planning and service level agreement [SLA] negotiations.  • Vendor Management--Enforces SLAs. Analyzes technology vendors and service providers and reports to Chief Information Officer and Technology steering committee.  • Customer Service Advocate - Increases customer satisfaction by delivering stable, robust, quality solutions.  • Operational and Budgetary Control - Effectively manages Operational Expenditures (OpEx) and Capital Expenditure (CapEx) for IT department. Director, Infrastructure Technology Solutions TEXAS CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL 2011 to April 2013 Leadership Summary: Senior IT empowerment and infrastructure development executive. Generated and evaluated RFPs on the business side and program managed on the technology side.  Scope: Directed a team of 5 managers (network & telecom, ESS (including server engineering), computer & data center ops, technical services and database administration, and InfoSec (information security)), 1 executive assistant, and over 80 analysts/engineers/technicians reporting through this structure. Accountable for annual labor and IT systems budgets in the $20M range.  Achievement Highlights  • Key Deliverables--Reduced Enterprise Agreement costs by $700K annually by eliminating unnecessary modules. Rehabilitated a failing BC/DR initiative; reversed liabilities involving a $1.4M investment and delivered a cutting-edge solution. Within first 9 months, reduced the number of Severity 1 incidents by over 50%.  • Special Projects--Partnered with Cisco Systems to provide virtual experience to patients; deployed 802.11n wireless infrastructure and a Tandberg high-definition video capture & transmission system in a live, online HDTV environment.  • Vendor Management--In collaboration with Accudata, completed a security risk assessment and remediation plan that identified significant vulnerabilities. Secured (selected and negotiated) with Deloitte and Touche to implement the HITRUST (Health Information Trust Alliance) framework.  • Organization Development--Executive sponsor for Windows 7 Envisioning, Scoping, Build, Stabilize, Deploy, Support Strategy. Executive Sponsor for Change Management Committee. Chairman, Information Risk and Governance Committee. Chairman, Technology Standards and Practices Committee. Chairman, Disaster Recovery Steering Committee. Member of Change Advisory Board which approved application integration, change management, and service account management. Member of Architecture Review Committee (ARC).  • Operations Management--Achieved 98% uptime throughout the infrastructure enterprise. Developed standardized reporting of operational performance to guide lifecycle decision-making. IT Operations Director, Senior Manager, Project Manager, Senior Analyst CONTINENTAL AIRLINES 1999 to 2011 Leadership Summary: Board of Directors. As Operations Director and Senior Manager, architected and directed numerous upgrading initiatives. Served as senior resource for the full range of process and internal audits. Provided day to day operations support for more than 100 critical applications.  Scope: As Operations Director, directed a team of productive senior leaders (4 Senior Application Support Managers). Maintained vigilant control over Application Operations functions and administered annual budgets in the $5M range. Structured operations (including staff assignment) to accommodate multiple hardware and software platforms and associated peripherals.  Achievement Highlights  • Key Deliverables--Supported an award-winning web site which generated $14M daily and 30% of domestic sales. Generated a near-99.99% uptime culture. Reduced the number of Severity 1 incidents by over 30%.  • Cost of Computing Reduction--Member of the selection and negotiation team which achieved over $50M in annual savings through business process outsourcing initiatives.  • Major Projects--SQL Cluster Migrations, Windows 2003 Server Migration, Aspect Upgrade, Airframe Upgrade, EZR Deployment, Curbside Kiosk deployment, Speech Recognition Unit Upgrade, Monterrey, Mexico and Beijing, China Reservations Centers Start up, www.continental.com On-line Check-In, Gate Readers, Gate Information Display Units, Baggage & Mail scanner deployment, eService Kiosk deployment, Remote Reservations, Virtual Agent, and deployment of Gate Reader, SharePoint, and Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM).  • Organization Development--Member of Change Advisory Board which approves application integration, change management, and service account management. Member of Architecture Review Committee (ARC).  • Corporate Citizenship--Board of Directors and Treasurer of WE CARE, Continental Management Association.  • Operations Management--Achieved 98% uptime for mission-critical proprietary applications and ensured seamless product integration at all levels. Develop standardized reporting of operational performance to guide upgrade decision-making.  • Intellectual Capital--Reduced demand on application development resources by designing and implementing a streamlined Application Support model. Stewarded the adoption of ITIL processes (change management, problem management and release management). Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Texas State University Skills Strategic Planning, Customer Service