Digital Marketing Lead Digital Marketing Lead Veradale, WA • Open to remote and in-person opportunities.  • Designed, implemented, and optimized digital sales and service experiences that brought customer attraction and retention strategies to life - the result for clients was over $6.5 million USD in new value creation, expansion of client’s companies through successful mergers and acquisitions, and over three-dozen new job openings created.  • Developed fully automated customer journeys that took inbound leads and warmed them up to customers.  • Coached, mentored and led 150+ team members across many engagements. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Digital Marketing Lead Keel Advisors - Spokane Valley, WA April 2009 to April 2019 · Led digital marketing efforts at agency that served small- to mid-sized local and regional businesses (B2C and B2B).   · From efforts, clients gained $6.5+ million in value, multiple competitors bought out, and dozens of new jobs created.  · Strategized, designed and implemented multiple digital marketing campaigns, funnels, and marketing/sales automations to drive increased customer acquisition. Tactics included Facebook Ads, Google Ads, Chat Bots, Search Engine Optimization, LinkedIn Outreach, Reputation Management, design of Landing Pages (ClickFunnels) and Websites (HTML, WordPress), and Marketing/Sales Automations with integration into existing CRM systems.  · Tracked, monitored, and forecasted key account metrics and communicated status reports to clients.  · Most recent client examples:   1. Aldaris CPA Group: From 2015 to 2019, used variety of marketing strategies and tactics, gross revenue increased 766.8%. Specifically for 2018, gross income increased 33.6% YoY, OPEX increased 22.2% YoY while Net Income increased 189.9% YoY. Of total revenue generated, 51% of new revenue attributed to our marketing efforts.  2. Bluegrass Property Brokers: Single real estate investor in Kentucky. Over course of 2 months, used Facebook Ads to generate 34 distressed seller leads, 8 offers made, 3 offers accepted - 2 properties purchased with approximately $60,000 in equity after repairs.  3. Aaron Lennon, Broker, Coldwell Banker: Over last five months for single real estate agent, used Facebook Ads to generate 400+ buyer and seller leads, and implemented/refined automated sales follow-up process. 20+ potential buyers sent to mortgage pre-approval process, currently working with handful of buyers/sellers, and pipeline is full for Summer.     · Zooppa – Marketing Project Lead       Seattle, WA                               September 2011 to November 2011  Built and led global, high-performance team of 16 for $110,000 international marketing project for ASUS and Intel. Exceeded client goals and expectations, while under-budget by 15.6%. Management Consultant (Energy) Haploos - Seattle, WA March 2012 to June 2013 At Husky Energy and British Petroleum, assisted in design, implementation and facilitation of 4 Operational Integrity and Change Management courses for 400+ employees at Oil Sands division – both at client’s Calgary, AB headquarters and on-site at camp. Coached mid-level managers on effective leadership methodologies.  IT Project Manager MetaXpert - Spokane Valley, WA February 2008 to March 2009 Successfully managed $425,000 of IT projects from conception, definition of product, technical development and launch, to measurement and improvement; maintained 75%+ margins, and delivered clear results for clients. Wrote SOWs, included timelines, wireframes, use cases and mock-ups. Managed up to 15 projects simultaneously. Education Bachelor's in Finance University of Idaho - Moscow, ID August 2002 to May 2008 Skills SEO, Marketing, Digital Marketing, Google Analytics, Advertising, Wordpress, Social Media Marketing, search engine optimization, Sales, Google Adwords, Digital Strategy, Social Media Management, Customer Service, HTML, Photoshop Certifications/Licenses Google Adwords • Google Ads Search Certification  • Google Ads Display Certification Real Estate License Washington State: Real Estate Broker License  License #136240 Realtor Member of Spokane Association of REALTORS®