IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - CORL Technologies Locust Grove, GA Project Management professional seeking a Client Success Manager Project Manager position utilizing SaaS; SalesForce; Agile. Collaborating with clients to successfully onboard and grow accounts as well as senior level management to review project data and identify opportunities for improvement Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager CORL Technologies - Atlanta, GA February 2019 to Present Cyber Security Risk Management)  • Serving as primary point of contact for clients and develop trust-based relationships with senior client personnel. Onboarding all new and returning clients to ensure they are properly trained on the business management tools.  • Established governance and facilitated weekly meetings with IT managers to address actual/accrual hours and billable business travel for their direct reports.  • Updated both client and employee passwords every 90 days for preventative security measures to ensure all employees are complying with all HIPAA laws. (confirming background checks, drug testing)  • Established governance and facilitating weekly meetings with it managers to address actual/accrual hours and billable business travel for their direct reports.  • Anticipated and resolved issues. Escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate party for resolution.  • Development and distribution of session and other training materials for Cyber Security and Phishing to make both clients and employees better aware of keeping information secure.  • Development mitigation and collaboration with sponsors, stakeholders, executives and solution owners.  • Collaborated with Vendor managers to identify documents and asses project risk. Sent out assessments and surveys for clients to complete to ensure staff is complying with all HIPAA laws.  • Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving business environment.  • Produced high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.  • Developing, consolidating and reconciling management and resource allocation reports. Updated and maintained document repositories for all assigned projects in SharePoint and Salesforce.  • Providing administrative and coordination support to project managers and clients through the project lifecycle.  • Contribute to a culture of quality by ensuring work products are of high quality and genuine craftsmanship.  • Focus on daily and iteration goals, continuously steering to program increment (PI) objectives.  • Providing routine administrative services to project managers, business analysts, and engineering professionals working on a team project. Project Manager RentPath LLC - Atlanta, GA June 2016 to February 2019 • Serving as primary point of contact for clients and develop trust-based relationships with senior client personnel. Onboarding all new and returning clients to ensure they are properly trained on the business management tools.  • Utilizing Agile software/ waterfall methodology through a collaborative effort to self-organizing, assisting cross functional teams as well as customers/end users Ensuring clients are familiar with applications, and how to properly secure information  • Produced high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets. Provided criteria-based data from the SalesForce database to the marketing group lead generation and marketing purposes.  • Development mitigation and collaboration with sponsors, stakeholder, executives and solutions owners. Anticipated and resolved issues. Escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate party for resolution.  • Define and launch processes & procedures to ensure effective rollout & operation of data asset protection controls.  Measures and reports compliance of data assets with the related policy and procedures using metrics / KPIs.  • Establish, socialize, and implement improvements to data asset protection controls; remediate known control gaps.  • Development and distribution of session and other training materials for Cyber Security and Phishing to make both clients and employees better aware of keeping information secure  • Troubleshoot user issues and managed incoming tickets relating to field and record accessibility. Day-to-day responsibility and accountability for all SalesForce activity as well as new projects that maximize our responsibility to increase revenue.  Client Success Manager  • Developed, launched and managed in-depth dashboards and reports for all team functions for both management and individual levels.  • Maintained and provided a portfolio of 2700 accounts and users nationwide and served as the primary point of contact for end-user support. Onsite point of contact for Inside Sales team.  • Modernized user database; Launched a new front-facing platform that allows clients to freely manage/ monitor performance reporting within their business management tools with B2B team, QA team, and IT team.  • Support Product Owners in interpretation of policies, standards, procedures to determine product-specific impacts.  Facilitate rollout and change management of product features to maximize feature adoption and effectiveness.  • Managed ongoing support requests and administrative needs of users. Monitored various support activities according to SLA time. Address customer feature requests with declarative development solutions and provide clear written explanations for clients, such as visual flow to improve process consistency by creating new Closed-Won opportunities directly from the record detail page.  • Managed and monitored logs for back-end system integration with SFDC. Reduced monthly reporting time for Internal sales team by utilizing automated real-time reports.  Digital Content Editor Auditor  • Leveraging SalesForce CRM Content to improve file sharing and collaboration between sales team. Built and managed report folders for reps to improve sales efficiency.  • Monitored adaptation rates and responded as needed providing them with onboardings or training sessions, communication, and documentation.  • Cleansed duplicate data and dupe blocking to maintain data integrity by merging duplicate leads, contacts, and accounts. Performed mass data uploads and updates as required, removing unnecessary fields and data to improve data quality.  • Review and identify necessary enhancements to textual, audible, and visual content. Lead mail management and fulfillment/ Creating and associating property floorplans. Designed and executed CRM pilot initiatives and evaluated their impact on customer profitability, retention, and loyalty.  • Implemented new marketing tools such as front facing user database for clients which in turn leads to increased lead quality in marketing. Created custom objects, fields and triggers, develop reports to summarize system information for senior management. Assisted in system migration for older processes into SalesForce. Project Manager Carither's Florist - Atlanta, GA April 2015 to April 2016 • Serving as primary point of contact for clients and develop trust-based relationships with senior client personnel. Onboarding all new and returning clients to ensure they are properly trained on the business management tools.  • Produced high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets. Managed queues to troubleshoot minor to complex issues related to the function for multiple product lines.  • Assist in the measurement of tangible and intangible benefits produced by the products to steer product direction.  Foster dialogue with enabler areas e.g. Data Governance and Cybersecurity, to promote collaboration and synergy  • Updated both client and employee passwords every 90 days for company to ensure compliance of HIPAA laws to prevent security risks.  • Development mitigation and collaboration with sponsors, stakeholder, executives and solutions owners. Anticipated and resolved issues. Escalate unresolved issues to the appropriate party for resolution.  • Utilizing Agile software/ waterfall methodology through a collaborative effort to self-organizing, assisting cross functional teams as well as customers/end users Ensuring clients are familiar with applications, and how to properly secure information.  • Managed ongoing support requests and administrative needs of users. Monitored various support activities according to SLA time.  • Modernized company courses for new hire CRM software training. Implemented new marketing tools such as front facing user database for clients for increased lead quality in marketing. Analyzed and reconciled client reports on a weekly/monthly basis to result in a 95% accuracy rate.  Client Success Manager  • Coordinated application and orientation process to ensure clients meet qualification and enrollment requirements for financing programs. Improved processes to reduce responses to open cases in SalesForce. Coached and trained staff to execute monthly/yearly metrics and forecasted goals for entire earn center.  • Increased revenue due to increased. Day-to-day responsibility and accountability for all SalesForce activity as well as new projects that maximize our rep's ability to increase revenue. Proactively identify ways to avoid recurrence of customer issues, decreased complaints. HR. Administrative Assistant Collingswood Family Medicine - Collingswood, NJ June 2009 to April 2015 • Ensuring HIPAA and FDCPA compliance. Patient Intake and scheduling. Managed co-payments, billing, and other expenses. Managed patient records and documents, prepared forms for new/returning patients.  • Updated both client and employee passwords every 90 days for company to ensure compliance of HIPAA laws to prevent security risks.  • Screening candidates and checking references. Compiled HR New Hire material for classes and employee onboarding. Employee benefit packaging created all HR training course material, as well as new hire class trainer. Assisting the Sr. VP of Human Resources through various administrative, customer support and human resource related responsibilities.  • Accountabilities: Assists in recruitment efforts by scheduling career fairs, posting of jobs, scheduling interviews, screening candidates and checking references. Employee benefit packaging created all HR training course material, as well as new hire class trainer. Obtained authorization for special testing, or referrals. Processed all medical record requests, legal correspondence requests, and insurance data for other facilities. HR. Administrative Assistant Medical Transport Unit - Stone Mountain, GA September 2006 to June 2008 • Assisting the Sr. VP of Human Resources through various administrative, customer support and human resource related responsibilities. Trained and assigned jobs for employees as per individual skill and review employees' performance periodically. Maintained accounts and records of customer requests, work or services performed, charges, expenses.  • Updated both client and employee passwords every 90 days for company to ensure compliance of HIPAA laws to prevent security risks. Assists in the creation and updating of policies and procedures. Works to support HR with correspondence to staff. Works to developing new HR strategies with  • Screening candidates and checking references. Compiled HR New Hire material for classes and employee onboarding. Employee benefit packaging created all HR training course material, as well as new hire class trainer.  • Monitored all daily driver logs for any errors or violations. Followed DOT regulations, Hazmat federal regulations, complied with safety regulations. Processed weekly payroll and invoices via. QuickBooks Education Associates in Business Administration in Business Administration Bauder College - Atlanta, GA 2005 to 2007 Diploma Morrow High School - Rex, GA 2002 to 2005 Skills SAAS, SECURITY, ORACLE, SQL, ROLLOUT Links http://linkedin.com/in/Ciara-hawkins-5b319654 Additional Information SKILLS    ? REQUIREMENT ANALYSIS  ? AGILE|WATERFALL METHODOLOGY  ? CYBER/VENDOR SECURITY RISK MGMT.  ? TESTING|QA|ROLLOUT|SUPPORT  ? SCRUM MEETING SCHEDULING  ? SALESFOREC|SAAS SQL|JAVA SCRIPTS  ? QUIKBOOKS|ORACLE  ? TABLEAU