IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Service Executive with 15+ years of progressive service management with a mission in using an integrated approach from best practices to identify and produce beneficial support solutions, mentor staff with motivational techniques, team building, and technical training to define and build an efficient organizational model for roles and responsibilities. Project Manager with a track record of overseeing migrations, upgrades, and extensive hands-on experience in executing multi-year strategic projects resulting in high-performance team output. San Diego, CA Service Executive with 15+ years of progressive service management with a mission in using an integrated approach from best practices to identify and produce beneficial support solutions, mentor staff with motivational techniques, team building, and technical training to define and build an efficient organizational model for roles and responsibilities. Project Manager with a track record of overseeing migrations, upgrades, and extensive hands-on experience in executing multi-year strategic projects resulting in high-performance team output. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) TEKSystems - New York, NY February 2018 to March 2019 Main Scope of projects are to rollout O365 in two phases and lead a Service Management group to develop new policies and procedures to strengthen IT Operations. Reviewed and managed skillset routing on Avaya to align with top incoming services. Creation of standard operating procedures for all phases of the project as well as developed a new hierarchical escalation process for Incident and Request Management.  • Created a new support model that consisted of a secondary Service Desk made up of skilled temps who were proficient in O365 rollouts successfully completing exchange mailboxes to cloud migration.  • Completed Office 2010 to O365 client upgrade for Windows workstations, Office for Mac and Thin Clients. Senior Manager Client Support Services Weill Cornell Medicine - New York, NY August 2014 to February 2018 Provide strategy, leadership, and direction along with restructuring and reorganizing the Service Desk, Desktop Support, End User Computing, Service Delivery with six direct reports consisting of 46 staff. Direct teams of technical, professional and management staff in the successful fulfillment of IT service delivery commitments. Strategic direction in operation procedures for Incident, Problem, Change, and Request fulfillment through ITIL's best practices, as well as connecting the ITS department with needs and requirements of the faculty, students, research scientists, and medical doctors through relationship management. Oversee projects and reporting through defined release management process as well as maintaining partnership with NY Presbyterian Hospital, Memorial Sloan Kettering, and Mount Sinai to integrate initiatives and service delivery to our client community by creating a collaborative environment by leveraging the Liaison, Quality Assurance and Support Service groups.  • Implement automatic mechanisms to monitor adherence to strategies using ServiceNow and Numerify. Create policies and take corrective action as needed by developing specific Key Point Indicator (KPI's) and Agent Performance Metrics to sustain a vigorous improving trending scale.  • Accomplished major improvements in KPI deliverables around crucial institutional changes needed with the following average monthly metrics: Abandonment Rate= 22% to 4.08%, First Contact Resolution= 27% to 79.11%, Average Speed to Answer= 9 minutes to 32 seconds, and Incident Backlog of 3000 down to 55.  • Decrease ticket touch from one week to 48 hours for an environment that receives over 800 incidents/requests a day supporting over 12,000 employees.  • Reduced device connect resolution time from 3 weeks to 2 days, while generating over 95% resolution rate due to new workflow and SLA's, consistently exceeding industry standards.  • Improved security controls by absorbing workstation patching activities and CrowdStrike installations, increased number of machines to 90% compliance.  • Slashed 20% Service Desk Calls/Incidents by implemented a newly designed support model for the Library with an additional new SMARTDesk location ("Genius Bar") that successfully increased 32% "foot traffic". Additionally, focused on new Library technologies overhaul with a 3-year shelf life allowed us to showcase new desktop hardware, new Xerox multifunctional units and installation of 82" Microsoft Surface Hub for Students, Faculty and Research departments.  • Developed Training Curriculum which eventually became the standard for all IT groups for on-boarding process with key modules on core applications and tools which continuously improves technician skills, customer service ability and training of new services.  • Awarded Incident Management Owner for entire Institution where I produced the "Major Incident Management Handbook". A step by step process around Critical Incident Management currently followed by the Institution, New York Presbyterian Hospital and all Weill Cornell Physician Network locations. These procedures coincide with standardizing Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery.  • Saved costs of $180K by managing departments $4 Million budget with changing the planning and design, multi-year forecasting, team capacity planning along with OTPS employee satisfaction alignment.  • Presented for the Client Services Department at the CIO Steering Committee and other key stakeholders on a monthly basis around Metric percentage goals, showcasing future service management strategies and continuously developed processes that allows for the design of services based on customer requirements.  • Achieved 90% YOY increase in client satisfaction, through extensive analysis of client volume and support requests, introducing feedback surveys and callback options. IT Manager Richards, Kibbe & Orbe LLP - New York, NY December 2012 to August 2014 Oversee all technology operations for the firm and delivered value to business by restructuring the Service Desk, Desktop Support, Training, Application Development, Networking departments, consisting of five direct reports with total of 16 staff. Infused ITIL framework for Service Operations, utilizing all necessary processes and functions that define a department. Focused on reducing organization costs while maintaining service levels through process management and infrastructure framework analysis. My operational responsibilities include defining the roles of the centralized Service Desk to provide efficient 24X7 VIP service for all offices as well as communicate with our London office to work in sync with our NYC location. The service provided to the business was coordinated and trained functions in Desktop management, Phone and Voicemail systems, Network Administration, Video Conferencing, Antivirus monitoring, Spam filtering, Interaction administration, Mobility management, Document Management and Remote systems.  • Implemented an ITIL approach for Service Desk, Networking and Training groups by utilizing Incident, Request and Problem management as well as strengthened Service level management by creating an IT escalation procedure for the department.  • Redesigned the ticketing system by modifying all categories and adding customized options that pertain to the environment, creating templates for Purchase request and Change Management. Developed and created all SOP's for the department.  • Rebranded the IT Department with a new name and created an internal notification system for communication to the firm regarding system outages, planned maintenance, and informational news by emailing a color-coded banner.  • Closely manage staff including hiring, training, necessary performance improvement plans, annual evaluations and thorough monthly meetings for continual service improvements that are enforced to meet redefined SLA's.  • Led all major projects that dealt with core application upgrades and new security implementation for mobility. Project planning for the following applications: Casemap, Concordance, Textmap, Active Directory cleanup of distribution groups, Cisco Webex, Internet Service maintenance, Workshare, Payne Templates, eDocs Document Management and Duo-Two Factor Authentication for Mobile devices.  • Define the On-boarding and Off-boarding process with a standard operation procedure in conjunction with a quality assurance checklist. Created Human Resource portfolio for new hire information as well as IT provided services.  • Customizing all configurations for Workshare SCCM deployment to latest version, including a server batch that pushes the registry changes globally to all workstations including our international location.  • Reduced cost by 30% by developed and implemented a BYOD program for iPhone, Android and Blackberry devices. Enforced the use of financial management with research of all mobile device contracts, removal of phone contracts that are not associated with firm employees and upgrading devices with new cost-effective contracts.  • Created, implemented and promoted service process and procedures for on-boarding and reviewing of user impacting changes through the Change Advisory Board. (CAB)  • Increased client resolution by 50% and increased customer satisfaction by 10% implementing new technology tools and process that demanded a KEDB to review all reoccurring issues. IT Manager Epstein, Becker and Green P.C - New York, NY August 2007 to December 2012 Multiple managerial roles for Support Services, Training department, and overseeing and managing the Litigation department, consisting of eight direct reports, 14 employees and 13 temporary staff. Supervised and designed an ITIL service management environment utilizing service level agreements and standard operating procedures to incorporate industry standards in a fast-paced environment. Strategic planning focused on business relationship management, as well as equally adept at delivering classroom training and one-on-one tailored sessions with senior executives. Skilled in course design techniques and curriculum development. Extensive hands-on experience in device management software and hardware. Coordinating the installation and troubleshooting of applications, establish and implement hardware platform standards.  • Created and managed a Virtual Desktop Support Center that offered immediate technical assistance and curriculum training to all offices offsetting the main core Desktop Support group from taking additional requests.  • Collaborate with other IT groups to implement and complete installation of RSA SecurID, CallXpress unified messaging and iPhone/iPad Airwatch management.  • Implemented e-learning using UniversitySite, Live meeting and endorsement from Office administrators to make certain classes mandatory and track staff for year-end assessments.  • Collaboration with Networking and Infrastructure groups to design and implement server batch programming for global legal software continuity. Responsible for all projects pertaining to Office suite macro development, training, system updates, server patches, installation of new OS, Mobility, Legal applications, Conference room improvements, and Business Continuity.  • Initiated and implemented the testing of the iPhone to the Firm as an alternate corporate mobile device for mail and DMS filing that replaced Blackberry devices. Installation, testing and documentation on legal applications for the iPad used by Attorneys for the sole purpose of remote work.  • Lead Tester and Mobility Specialist for the IT department for all software and hardware projects, providing business and technology knowledge to the Service Desk, Desktop Support, System Engineers and Business Systems departments.  • Defined a KEDB to keep track of reoccurring issues for project management and produced a weekly report for the Director of IT. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science St. John's University - New York, NY Skills Active directory, Networking, Avaya, Mitel, Polycom, Voip, Blackberry, Citrix, Visio, Cms, Itil, Software Development, training, Strategic Planning, budget, Word, Powerpoint Links http://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/JOHNALEXIOU Certifications/Licenses Support Center Director | HDI Present ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service | Axelos Present Technical Trainer | Langevin Present Additional Information SKILLS / TECHNICAL BACKGROUND  Core Applications: Microsoft Office 365/2016, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Proofpoint, JAMF, Epic; Document Management systems iManage, eDocs, PCDocs, SoftSolutions; Customer Relationship Management InterAction; Server Management Altiris, SCCM, Windows 7 Enterprise Active Directory, SharePoint, Persistent and Nonpersistent VDI; Metadata Workshare Protect, Workshare Configuration Manager, Adobe Acrobat Pro; Litigation Livenote, Summation, Concordance, Casemap, LexisNexis, Westlaw, Nuance, CMS; Security Protection Symantec Spam Manager, Symantec AV Endpoint protection, Crowdstrike, MalwareBytes; Project Management Microsoft Project, SmartSheet; Visio; Training and Communications Cisco WebEx, Live Meeting Manager 2007, Citrix Client, UniversitySite; Graphics Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Painter Mobility: HP/Dell Wyse Thin Clients, Duo Mobile, Airwatch, Mobile Iron, RSA SecurID, Lync 2016 Phone Systems: AVAYA Definity switch, Mitel, Nortel VOIP, Merlin Magic; Lucent and Meridian; Microsoft Outlook Voice Access System, CallXpress Unified Messaging AV Units: Microsoft Surface Hub, Polycom Systems, Tandberg 880 and LifeSize System OS: Windows 10, 7, XP; OSX; iOS 3-12 Networking: Microsoft Windows NT 3.51, 4.0, 2000/2003/2008; Exchange 5/5.5/2003; Novell 3.1, 3.12, 4.11 - Install and configure GWIA, NAT, POA, MTA; Artisoft Lantastic; Compaq Management ; SQL server 2000, IIS; Blackberry Enterprise Server Servers: Compaq, HP and Dell hardware Switches: Cisco 2600/2900/2950, Cisco 3500XL; SmartSwitch; Linksys; Metrics: ServiceNow, Numerify, Giva, BMC, Heat