IT Infrastructure and Service Delivery Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure and Service Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure and Service Delivery Manager - Options Clearing Corporation Chicago, IL Information Technology professional with over 18 years of Technical, Strategic Management, and IT Infrastructure Project Management experience within several industries including the Federal government, non-profit and private sectors. Experience with all phases of project methodology through the management of multiple concurrent nationwide rollout projects. Ability to assess business priorities and align information technology resources with strategic direction. Expert in evaluating, recommending, and implementing IT organization structure changes. Proficient in software and hardware including SDLC, software testing phases, profiles, server/workstation types and automated loading tools. Expertise in IT Managed Hosting Infrastructure operations and service delivery. U.S. Navy Veteran (Honorable Discharge).    PROFICIENCIES    Strategic Business Partner • Process Improvements • Vendor Management • ITIL• Team Leadership  Project Management • Network Administration • Hardware Setup • LAN • SDLC • Managed Hosting  NT/XP/UNIX/LINUX • Data/SAN Storage • Software Support • IT Operations Support • Data Center Operations Support • IT Service Delivery Support • IT Infrastructure • Microsoft Server 2003 • ServiceNow • Microsoft Server 2008 • Microsoft Exchange Server • IT Service Management Work Experience IT Infrastructure and Service Delivery Manager Options Clearing Corporation - Chicago, IL August 2016 to Present Infrastructure Manager charged with overseeing management and maintenance of over 500 Linux and Windows based environments in both non-production and production environments. IT Service Delivery and Infrastructure delivery to the business in managing and implementing SAN, Virtual Servers ESXi infrastructure, Networking, Security, IT Service Management, Audit and Compliance for RegSCI regulatory requirements.    • Manages and administrates IT Policy documentation, Configuration Management, and Infrastructure baselining using PolicyTech for IT Audit and Compliance.  • Overall responsibility for facilitating Server Infrastructure builds via ServiceNow using IT Service Management best practices.  • Responsible for streamlining and managing software package updates across multiple environments for mission critical software prior to end-of-life.  • Coordinating application builds and deployments across multiple environments and facilitating server and database infrastructure to support these applications.  • Cross functional IT Project Management, management, and coordination with executive stakeholders and technology infrastructure teams to deliver IT solutions to the business.  • Responsibility for ongoing IT Automation tools Implementation, IAAS, and movement of IT Infrastructure into the cloud using tools like Jenkins, Github, and Amazon Web Services (AWS)  • IT Service Management Administration using ServiceNow with overall responsibility for Change Management and Infrastructure Management with maintaining Service Management workflow, Configuration Items (CI), as well Environment Update requests for software code deploys and SDLC implementations.  • Production Support for critical incidents on rotating weekly basis when on call after business hours, facilitation of change and incident meetings, documentation of and remediation with the responsible teams for resolution. Director of Information Technology U.S. Environmental Protection Agency - Chicago, IL April 2015 to January 2016 Regional Director of Information Technology Support services charged with overseeing and directing U.S. EPA Region 5 Contract Information Technology Support Services organization including Helpdesk, Network Administration, Database Administration, Network Security and LAN administration as well as Infrastructure engineers supporting 1500 users throughout Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, and Wisconsin. Overall responsible for supervising 28 full-time employees, with management and infrastructure responsibility for all IT Projects, deployments, refreshes, and overall Infrastructure and IT Service Delivery and maintenance.    • Implemented and directed ITIL best-practice framework to develop strategy for reducing helpdesk call times, improving service to end users, SLA, and meeting business goals and objectives.  • Overall responsibility for 160 Windows and Linux servers in production, as well as backups, patching, network security and vulnerability scans, active directory maintenance, and server builds and refreshes  • Responsible for setting, measuring, and managing tiered service levels that are appropriate various business objectives with the goal of earning and maintaining end-user satisfaction.  • Overall responsibility for human resources, personnel, hiring and recruitment, onboarding and training of staff.  • Responsible for managing the IT Project portfolio while working with other departments and cross-functional teams to accomplish organizational technology goals.  • Provided coaching, mentoring and guidance to project team members and/or others in Project Management roles.  • Sole responsibility for evaluation, approval, planning, scheduling, budget and baseline of requested projects from the client. IT Managed Hosting Service Delivery Manager CCC Information Services - Chicago, IL January 2014 to January 2015 1 yr contract)    Managed Hosting Infrastructure Manager responsible for SDLC Project Delivery as well as daily Operational Service Delivery, ITIL functions, Change, Incident, and Problem Management for large Enterprise environment consisting of 160 pieces of equipment in 3-tier architecture that included web, application, and databases. Infrastructure includes, Linux Virtual Servers, NFS Cluster, Oracle Database Cluster, SAN Storage, Networking architecture along with associated switches, routers, LTM's, Firewall appliances, and IDS for Network Security. Managed team of 18 direct reports that included Network Engineers, Linux Admins, Oracle Admins, and SAN Engineers.    Service Delivery Manager  • Implemented and directed Managed Hosting Service Delivery Operations and IT services with 3rd party vendor for enterprise class hosting.  • SDLC Data migration project oversight for datacenter re-location.  • Oversight for Enterprise Data center environments and all operational functions, including maintenance, server patching, and capacity planning.  • Managed multiple projects to include infrastructure build-out, VM, database, network, SAN, and SDLC application development/deployment and environment and Infrastructure build-outs.  • Ensured relevant Service Level Agreements are signed off and maintained for the service portfolio.  • Proactively identified, scoped, lead and delivered Service Improvement plans to completion. Delivered sustained results to avoid disruptive service outages and remediated issues based on lower priority incident trends and/or alerts or known and anticipated service issues.  • Responsible for IT audit and compliance associated with data center HIPAA and SOX requirements.  • Accountable for documentation of SOP's in alignment with operational best practice.  • Responsible for Change, Problem, Release, and Incident management integration and processes, as well as conducting RCA of related problems.  • Execute coordination, implementation, and deployment of application and software release for non-production and production environments as Release Manager.  • Monitoring and mitigation of outages based on standard ITIL best practices, quality assurance, as well as developing reports and metrics for server downtime, uptime, and performance.  • Ensured that quality IT services are delivered with regard to the agreed Statement of Work (SOW) from the vendor.  • Maintained and updated, as needed, the functional, technical and procedural knowledge to for reporting and communicating status and solutions to key stakeholders. Additionally charged with producing technical status reports for proper tracking of operational readiness and project updates.  • Data center managed hosting liaison and POC for procurement of hardware and software licensing. IT Infrastructure Project and Disaster Recovery manager IBM CORPORATION - Chicago, IL October 2012 to December 2013 1 yr contract)    Senior Project/Program Manager responsible for overall scope, planning and successful execution of IT projects for the PMO. Responsible for developing budgets, mentoring, tracking project expenses, project control, risk management, stakeholder expectations, and full lifecycle development for multiple concurrent IT projects across several technological competencies including network (VoIP), application development, and Disaster Recovery. Managed Project team of 20-25 individuals including Network and VoIP Engineers, WAN Engineers, Application Developers    Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manager  • Implemented VoIP remote office rollout and installation for organization wide IP telephony consolidation.  • Managed multiple concurrent projects with large budgets covering application deployment, VoIP, network upgrade as well as server refresh.  • Co-managed and participated in annual Disaster Recovery exercise for a large data center operations center.  • Implemented data migration project plan, scope, and managed server co-location activities.  • Supervised multiple and concurrent teams across multiple geographic locations remotely.  • Responsible for Data center project implementation for networking equipment refresh and upgrading of ISP provisioned T1/T3 circuitry. Senior IT Project Manager AON CORPORATION October 2011 to August 2012 1.5 Million through the consolidation and upgrade of SQL Server 2000 environments to SQL 2008.  • Managed multiple concurrent projects with budgets over $1 Million across many disciplines including, Citrix, Linux, Windows Server 2003/2008, Cisco UCS, VMware, and SQL Server.  • Implemented a streamlined server environment build process reducing completion time from 45 days to 15 days.  • Oversight and management for datacenter operations and services respective of specific projects.  • Decreased delivery time of projects by organizing key subject matter experts from each area of the firm to commit allotted time on specified projects.  • Supervised a team of 12 during a deployment of Cisco UCS (Unified Computing System) for a high-profile Linux refresh initiative which contributed to over $400,000 in savings in network administration costs.  • Implemented Server, SAN Storage, and Network Infrastructure implementation plans alongside Solutions Architect to begin technical requirements for all projects.  • Deployed Virtualized Infrastructure/Cloud Computing for server refresh deployment on Windows 2008 in conjunction with hosting outsourcer Rackspace.  • Responsible for reducing security vulnerabilities, conducting network risk assessment analysis, server operational maintenance, and vendor compliance.  • Managed Web Application Infrastructure utilizing Tomcat and Apache servers deployed on Linux RHEL.  • Complied with SOX, and ITIL network services operations, and security policies. Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manager AON CORPORATION - Chicago, IL January 2011 to August 2012 Infrastructure Systems Engineering and Project Manager with 10+ years technical experience in Network Administration, Engineering, Security, Project Implementation, Migration and Support. Produced consistent achievements in projects that are both usable and scalable. Direct responsibility for PMO and project delivery success. Direct responsibility, management, and leadership of 12 concurrent projects across server 2008, Linux, as well as a Global SQL Server upgrade and consolidation effort that consisted of over 140 servers. Project Manager responsible for the rollout and upgrade of network hardware using Cisco WAAS technology for WAN Acceleration. Oversaw the successful streamlining, installation, and activation of 5 sites for network enhancements from branch locations to the Chicago Data Center on time and under budget. Technical Project Manager January 2011 to October 2011 • Contracted through Blackwell Consulting  • Technical Lead and liaison for the technology group and intermediary to the business for all Infrastructure requirements for client projects.  • Created scope document, project definition document, cost-benefit analysis, and supporting proof of concept documents which lead to follow-on work to move forward with future site implementation. Responsible for gathering requirements and specs particular to client needs and assessing and organizing steps for deployment.  • Tested development of business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and maintain current knowledge of plan executable. Respond to emergency network outages in accordance with business continuity and disaster recovery plans.  • Streamlined user access times to networking storage across the network with implementation of the WAAS WAN Acceleration devices which contributed to lower access times, quicker Active Directory authentication, more efficient and quicker network connectivity for branch offices from the Chicago Data Center.  • Saved in excess of $30,000 with an initial $150,000 budget. Network Specialist FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIONS - Chicago, IL June 2010 to January 2011 Provided Level I and Level II Helpdesk support to 1200 users as one of 10 administrators. System Administrator responsible for Active Directory administration along with several proprietary systems that the organization used for application and user maintenance and administration. LAN administrator using MS Server 2003 and Windows XP. Hardware maintenance on all desktop computers and printers.    • Implemented best practices and procedures that led to 70% increase in replacement of Desktop hardware parts, hard drives, motherboards, and power supplies and expedited delivery from hardware vendors.  • Streamlined computer and peripheral equipment storage processing and removal of classified data documentation and destruction.  • Created support communications, training curriculum. IT Support/ Project Management VETERANS AFFAIRS (VA) - Chicago, IL January 2010 to June 2010 Provided and assisted with Level I and Level II support and back-end operations for the Virtual VA database and network which consisted of several remote and on-site production servers providing network services to thousands of employees and veterans. Worked with a team of 15 individuals facilitated the changeover for Virtual VA to a paperless system for file documentation, scanning and uploading of documents to SAN Servers. Assisted with the Virtual Benefits Management System project, creation, and implementation of several software applications. Successfully worked directly with multiple Project Managers as well as vendors to complete this changeover.  • Ensured timely escalation of issues and risks associated with Deployment activities.  • Created On-site/Corporate Support Plan for pilot and implementation.  • Organized and planned implementations of Systems' applications and infrastructure components.  • Effectively participated in application development and testing using Agile development and methodology..  • Managed $450,000 rollout project completed within budget. IT Support Technician FEEDING AMERICA - Chicago, IL October 2008 to April 2009 Provided standard desktop support as one of three system administrators to 200+ users. Worked extensively with Active Directory and MS Exchange 2007 to facilitate continuous flow of data and uninterrupted operations. Participated in an enterprise-wide migration from MS Server 2003 to MS Server 2008; upgrading from MS Exchange 2003 to 2007. Installed and maintained VMware server and VMware ESX. Ensured flawless migration and integration of existing legacy e-mail accounts, between domains; supporting more than 1,500 remote users during the process.    • Successfully met SLA's and closed out over 800 tickets assigned to the Helpdesk.  • Increased and streamlined efficiency in the helpdesk ticket submission process. Desktop Support Specialist PEROT SYSTEMS, INC - Chicago, IL October 2007 to July 2008 Oversaw technical support for more than 600 users within desktop environment, as part of a 3 person team at the Wolters Kluwers publishing office including: networking, troubleshooting, print server administration, hardware configuration, help desk functions, etc. Supervised teams in the facilitation/coordination of projects such as user group laptop roll-out, re-imaging of desktop systems, and network access and configuration (departmentally). Ensured compliance to security standards and protocols.    • Saved the office over $8,000 by consolidating and recycling used computer hardware.  • Assisted in a departmental move of the entire IT department to a more secure and efficient office space that aided in quicker helpdesk response times and efficient and quicker repair of desktop computers. LAN Administrator June 2004 to January 2006 One of 11 administrators providing support to 163 users. Provided phone and desktop support as well as training, set up new users with assigned IP addresses, usernames and passwords. Member of conversion team in the system wide upgrade to MS XP.    • Improved performance appraisal process by implementing simplified systems that facilitated in the organization's succession planning and technology development plan.  • Oversaw a 10 man team in managing and directing a PC upgrade project as well as user indoctrination on new hardware and computer training. Electronics Technician and Information Systems Technician Second Class UNITED STATES NAVY - Norfolk, VA May 2000 to January 2006 E-5). TST Operator June 2003 to December 2004 Managed more than 1000 circuits for UHF, EHF and SHF communications. Responded to status board; completed quality control and quality assurance checks, fault isolation and service restoration. Prepared and coordinated project implementation communications and technical implementation instructions and training. Operated Integrated Digital Network Exchange (IDNX) network and TIMPLEX operations leading to the activation of six shipboard Super High Frequency circuits providing information for 63 regional subscribers.    • Responsible for a 97% up time on all secret and unclassified circuits running in and out of the Arabian Gulf theatre.  • Advanced to next pay grade on this tour. (E-4 to E-5) Technician Square July 2001 to June 2003 Completed preventive and corrective maintenance on radio terminal sets and associated equipment for the SRQ-4 radio and data shipboard terminal set. DC, AC, Digital and analog electronics circuit level troubleshooting and maintenance, monitored equipment for operation, diagnostic analysis and component repair. Maintained FLIR video support and managed operation of equipment critical to combat readiness and mission objectives in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.    • Awarded the Navy Achievement Medal for exemplary performance in shipboard maintenance, upgrading and cost saving of electromagnetic materials and parts for combat readiness.  • Achieved a 100% uptime for all shipboard training and actual combat missions in and out of theatre for the SRQ-4 radio and data shipboard terminal set. Education Master of Business in Technology in Business Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL March 2014 Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Marketing Chicago State University - Chicago, IL May 2010