Director & Senior Director, Project Management Director &amp; Senior Director, <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Director & Senior Director, Project Management - Transplace Richardson, TX PMP-Certified leader with experience directing project managers and business analysts in  successfully implementing projects, especially software implementation projects. Adjusts  management style and methodology based on team member or customer's communication  style, team member skill level, and sourcing. Approaches conflict pragmatically and proactively  while seeking opportune and timely resolutions; strives for appropriate transparency and  long-term relationships. Key strengths include:    ? Thrives on tackling new problems and learning new aspects of business.  ? Effective executive communications skills, including presentations and  recommendations.  ? Strong focus on customer involvement and team cohesiveness throughout project  lifecycle.  ? Coaches and mentors team members to increase customer and employee satisfaction. Work Experience Director & Senior Director, Project Management Transplace - Frisco, TX 2012 to Present Frisco, Texas 2012 - present  Transplace is a North American non-asset based logistics services provider offering its  customers logistics technology and transportation management services.    Director & Senior Director, Project Management  Led a growing team of 12 project managers to implement new customers on the firm's  proprietary suite of transportation management tools resulting in $31M (23%) in revenue growth  since 2012.    ? Coached and developed seasoned project managers in the successful implementation  of Transplace products for over 200 customers across numerous industry verticals.  ? Led the development of standardized processes, artifact templates, and standard  operating procedures to guide team members. Developed process for keeping process  documents current.  ? Developed financial reporting processes for tracking / sharing project performance;  responsible for executive communication of project financials.  ? Lead the implementation of a central project management platform for managing  projects. Implementing Mavenlink enabled us to collaborate more efficiently and increased visibility to resource allocation / capacity.  ? Supported the Sales team by creating preliminary timelines to prospective customers.  ? Oversaw the transition of 5 acquired companies' customers onto the Transplace  technology platform.  ? Co-championed initiative to integrate formal Change Management tools into the customer on-boarding process, with the goal of reducing cost by reducing labor hours.  ? Collaborated with key functional area management on process improvement and deliverables. Assistant Vice President & Vice President, IT Requirements Saxon Mortgage Services, Inc - Irving, TX 2010 to 2012 Irving, Texas 2010 - 2012  Services home mortgages by processing monthly payments, engaging in collections activities, and executing foreclosures for mortgage originators. Sold to Ocwen in 2012.    Assistant Vice President & Vice President, IT Requirements  Led a team of 15 IT business analysts to establish requirements-gathering processes and standards in the highly-dynamic mortgage servicing industry. Collaborated with multiple PMOs to deliver project results successfully. Managed projects as needed.    ? Led the effort to develop a custom application to link Saxon's imaging vendor with external financial (PWC) and legal (Bingham) reviewers so that each of the loans in  foreclosure could be reviewed, dispositioned, and reported to executive management.  The result of this project gave Morgan Stanley confidence in reinstating foreclosures.  ? Directed and supported team members as they played key roles in dozens of IT-affected  projects, including those initiated in response to government regulatory changes, such as HAMP, FNMA Delay Directive, FHA Loss Mitigation, and FNMA Florida  Pre-Mediation.  ? Served on the IT Leadership Team, which developed department strategy and implemented changes to address financial initiatives from Morgan Stanley.  ? Built a high-performing team of experienced BAs. Project Manager United Surgical Partners, International - Addison, TX 2008 to 2010 Addison, Texas 2008- 2010  Owns interests in or operates 169 ambulatory surgery centers (ASCs) and short-stay surgical  hospitals.    Project Manager  Launched project management methodologies within the organization and educated colleagues on its business value. Established company standards for attaining and measuring results  while successfully managing numerous projects. Built cross-functional relationships for  organizational and project success.    Projects managed include:  • First-time travel consolidation. Project included agency selection and implementation, online booking tool selection and implementation, and online expense reporting tool selection  and implementation. Oversaw training, communication, and change management for end users and A/P Administrators. Worked closely with executive leadership on all aspects of this major  cost-saving and unpopular initiative.  • Led an effort to assess each surgical center's vulnerability to union activity. Developed  repeatable processes and tools for periodic assessment. Analyzed data and reported findings to senior leadership.  • Led project to develop business requirements and end-user documentation to support  required ASC and surgical hospital clinical quality reporting. Collaborated with individuals from all levels of the organization (RNs to CEO) to develop realistic processes for gathering and  entering appropriate data into a system. Project Manager Brinker International - Dallas, TX 1998 to 2008 Dallas, Texas 1998 - 2008  Owns, operates, and franchises 1,600 restaurants, including Chili's Grill & Bar and Maggiano's  Little Italy.    Project Manager  Managed approximately 30 business-impacting projects of varying scopes and budgets (up to  $2M) from concept through delivery. Most projects contained substantial technology  components. Managed development of and/or created standard project artifacts, such as business case, scope, risk assessment, budget vs. actual tracking, business requirements, and  project plan.    ? Led multiple projects - at different brands with varying business processes - to reduce  defects in to-go orders using Six Sigma DMAIC methodology. Projects resulted in clear  recommendations for significantly improving to-go order accuracy and increasing  incremental sales by $.10 - .30 per order (1 - 2.5% increase). Scope included managing  point of sale software enhancements (resides on ~6,250 registers).  ? Led Open Enrollment project for 100,000 employees, including roll-out of online  enrollment tool for salaried employees. Succeeded in shifting approximately 60% of transactions to employees, which increased data accuracy, reduced overhead costs, and  decreased reliance on inconsistent 3rd party vendor. Scope included PeopleSoft (PS)  Benefits Administration implementation, eBenefits customizations, and Internet security  assessment and remediation.  ? Led effort to outsource computer equipment installations at new locations (~125/year).  This resulted in greatly increasing IT efficiency and reducing head-count of opening team  by 50%. Education MA Texas A&M University BA University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Chapel Hill, NC Skills MS PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, VISIO, EXCEL, POWERPOINT, Mavenlink (Less than 1 year), Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2004 to November 2020 Driver's License