CIO COE Team Project Manager CIO COE Team <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> CIO COE Team Project Manager - Accenture at Dow Chemical Bay City, MI Work Experience CIO COE Team Project Manager Accenture at Dow Chemical August 2018 to Present * Performed Project Management and Leadership for newly formed Robotic Process Automation (RPA) team consisting of ten team members. Facilitated business process team understanding of RPA idea management and implementation.  * Managed COE resource allocation and efforts in Planview tool.  * Formed Testing Community of Practice with Test Leads to continue collaboration and maintain overall testing process after Independent Test Team was disbanded.  * Facilitate Monthly Test COP meetings with global Test Team to maintain and improve the test process.  * Continue to administrate Application Lifecycle Management software for all IT testing.  * Working with Diamond System Analytics team to determine feasibility of digitalizing and creating real time feedback on IT Test Metrics. Test Lead - Record and Report Accenture at Dow Chemical August 2016 to August 2018 * Managed testing for the Record and Report business process Globally for IT projects, including all Mergers and Acquisitions, SAP upgrades, and Joint Ventures  * Became HP Certified administrator for global testing software - Application Lifecycle Management (ALM)  * Worked with SAP and ALM vendor when issues with software occurred.  * Successfully led the project to upgrade ALM, managed resource teams, estimated efforts, and budget.  * Facilitated communications to ensure Dow Diamond Systems Solutions (DSS) team was informed about ALM Upgrade during all phases of the project.  * Developed, Implemented and Managed training for the upgrade, involving the Independent Test Team.  * Partnered with Trinseo in testing the joint venture ERP upgrade (SAP). Successfully managed test teams in both Germany and China at the same time.  * Served as SME to Independent Test team members, became a go to for leadership testing questions  * Analyzed and reported IT testing metrics to Dow Leadership globally for all test cycles. Including but not limited to completion progress, defect trends, and completion by business process  * Helped facilitate system integration for testing with Dupont during recent merge and spin projects. NEA Implementation Specialist Accenture at Dow Chemical April 2012 to August 2016 * Managed Produce Product and Enterprise Data Management Business Cutover and Implementation Plans for Global NEA SAP upgrade.  * Became MS Project Server Administrator for Global IT Implementations which included user access management, issue resolution, and creation/distribution of implementation metrics  * Managed several smaller IT Project implementations, including SRR (chemical recipe repository) for Quality Management team, and Material Data Governance project for Enterprise Data Management team  * Managed global cutover MS Project plan for NEA Milestones 3-5. Ensuring all business process teams knew when tasks were to begin during the cutover and when tasks were completed.  * Worked closely with data readiness team to manage Master data dual data maintenance and ensuring that all SAP data objects were loaded in the correct order according to the project plan.  * Worked with IT security team to ensure that transactional data could not be updated once system cutover began  * Managed plan to transfer billions of dollars of inventory from one system to another and ensure financial records were matched to quality runs that were run both before and after migration  * Facilitated teamwork between business processes when issues arose during cutovers, such as resolving financial team issues when inventory data loads were not completed as expected  * Managed global post implementation support sessions for several weeks after implementations to ensure defect resolution Office Manager/ IT Farm Bureau Insurance - Bay City, MI September 2010 to March 2011 * Successfully passed Michigan State Insurance certification test with a higher score than all other agents in the office.  * Managed Hardware and Software updates in the entire office  * Built rapport with insurance clients while managing daily questions, updates, and new claims.  * Leveraged resources and knowledge from the main business office in Lansing. IT Specialist EDS - Saginaw, MI June 2009 to June 2010 Successfully managed a one year project with over 150 software Vendor contracts to transfer the correct number of software licenses, and where the license files would be managed, when Delphi Saginaw Steering Gear became Nexteer Automotive IT Specialist Electronic Data Systems - Saginaw, MI September 1998 to April 2005 * Successfully performed IT Incident Management Root Cause Analysis on the Dow Chemical Account  * Successfully reviewed and improved Dow's IT back up and recovery systems.    Electronic Data Systems on assignment at Delphi Automotive- North America (September 1998 - April 2005)    * Reviewed, improved, scheduled, and approximately 80 batch programs for nightly processing of engineering data  * Responsible for troubleshooting and correcting defects in batch program processing  * Worked with a team to successfully move Delphi Engineering systems from Mainframe to Web based systems-2 year project that resulted in a savings of over $200,000 per yea  * Managed team to review and eliminate any Year 2000 issues in over 100 Financial daily batch jobs for Delphi globally    Note: Please be aware that the years away from work between 2005 and 2009 were spent raising my children. Education Associate in Computer Information Systems Saginaw Valley State University - Saginaw, MI September 1994 to May 1998 Skills SAP (7 years), Software Testing (5 years), ERP Implementations (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License