IT Implementation Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Implementation Consultant IT Program / Project Manager Canton, MI • Seasoned professional in IT Project Management with experience using AGILE and SCRUM methodologies and managing vendor(s) to execute and deliver global projects on-time and under budget.  • Demonstrated the ability to lead and support hardware/software application implementations with Delivery, Release and Change Management.  • 15 years of ERP implementation and integration experience in providing subject matter expertise to multiple industries (Healthcare, Automotive, Delivery Services and Consulting industries).  • Knowledgeable in following project management disciplines: risk management, issue management, scope management and change control, project scheduling configuration and data management of material, product quality, inventory, supplier performance, process setup along with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) experience.  • Experience in maintaining and managing quality control throughout the project lifecycle resulting in quality project deliverables, change control and final solutions. As well as developing and maintaining systems documentation including business process procedures, functional design specifications, process flows, and creation of business cases RFPs, RFQs and SOWs.  • Several years of experience in Supplier Development with problem solving, conflict resolution, crisis intervention skills with pricing and cost negotiation skills of technology systems and other forms of purchasing products.  • Skilled in motivating, coaching, mentoring, and cohesive team building with both technical and non-technical staff in order to be consistent high-performers and achieve desired results.  • Hands-on experience in improving Supply Chain Management processes from concept to production and delivery. Interacted with client business users for requirement gathering and analysis of existing business processes and prepared business models while using Supply Chain Methodologies (SCM). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Implementation Consultant Omnicell May 2017 to Present Primarily responsible being product expert and direct involvement with the implementation of the customer purchased Omnicell solutions.  · Managed customer, deployment and technical teams to execute all activities as outlined in the project plan  · Subject matter using PM methodologies for daily operations with engagement of logistics, Purchase Orders, invoicing and material inventory for Omnicell solutions  ·Providing clinical workflow analysis and consulting based on Omnicell solutions which includes clinicians and individual departments (Nursing, Pharmacy, OR, MM, etc.)  ·        Managed preparation, application and hardware configuration and database requirements and setup processes Managed and supported the local IT Manager, Engineering Manager, Network Supervisor and Facility Manager to purchase and install appropriate hardware/software and infrastructure to support product sequencing for all customers.  ·        Providing best practice advice and input for customer process discussions/consulting  ·        Managed procedural changes needed for the technology change  ·        Coordinated content management and document management in MS SharePoint and JIRA  ·        Created and implemented Systems Release and Change Management  ·        Responsible for integrated application testing; provide feedback to analyst on required changes  ·        Nurse preceptor training  ·        Managed and provided customer implementation support as needed  ·        Successfully managed tasks to ensure timely go live and customer satisfaction  ·        Managed and lead all go live support activity as per the project scope    IT Project Manager / IT Delivery Lead Blue Care Network February 2016 to September 2016 • Managed and supported diverse delivery teams, located in multiple locations using Agile/SCRUM Methodology to deliver global projects.  • Managed change management processes across all infrastructure systems and applications  • Managed resource needs, developed detailed plans, and analyzed status reports  • Worked with all stakeholders, including business users, technical staff and suppliers, to deliver on required commitments  • Managed and demonstrated the ability to recognize and proactively resolve issues.  • Provided IT leadership with an accurate assessment of project status and progress.  • Defined and managed project estimates and forecasts and was responsible for overall project budget adherence  • Delivered on initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing complex application and system implementation projects, using a formal project management methodology.  • Managed large size projects and multiple projects of moderate size concurrently.  • Developed and managed detailed plans and schedules in Microsoft Project.  • Managed and monitored project metrics for significant deviations in quality, cost, or schedule. IT Shop Floor Analyst / IT Project Manager Manufacturing Execution Systems June 2015 to January 2016 • Managed day-to-day responsibilities, such as analyzing, implementing and supporting current and future Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) and Sequencing solutions at Faurecia North America facilities, as well as integration activities between these systems and Faurecia's ERP systems to ensure that all relevant transactions were captured.  • Managed and ensured error-proofing data collection in the operation systems.  • Traveled to support product launch activities as required.  • Managed and supported the local IT Manager, Engineering Manager, Network Supervisor and Facility Manager to purchase and install appropriate hardware/software and infrastructure to support product sequencing for all customers.  • Analyzed and made recommendations for new software/hardware purchases  • Trained facility staff with business analysis and data management processing before implementation.  • Supported and developed continuous improvement and enforced system policies and procedures Sr. IT Program Manager Delphi Automotive Systems October 2013 to October 2014 Primary focus on managing global deployment of Supply Chain Systems to support Delphi global operation, with a primary focus on facilities logistic infrastructure LAN/WAN, Transportation Management Systems, application integration and implementation along with IP domain integration and .NET Framework, supporting Design and Development of Enterprise web/internet based Applications of Oracle OAE 4.1 Apex implementation for applications and infrastructure change management processes with Salesforce/Intranet/Delphi.com internal systems. Day to day activity to ensure that solutions designed and developed by IT are implemented in a timely and cost effective manner.  Managing all program suppliers to deliver on time using PCI methodology, on budget, according to defined quality criteria and according to the Delphi Project Delivery Process    • Successfully managed the deployment budget of a global ERP system of $10M-$30M  • Successfully managed ITSM implementation phases for existing IT infrastructure, processes, and services  • Directly accountable for the successful deployment of E2E life cycle programs execution (planning and forecasting, quality, cost, milestones, customer satisfaction)  • Operated as primary point-of-contact with vendors for day-to-day interactions on solution delivery to PCI standards in a Global B2B and C2B relationship model.  • Worked in close collaboration with business team leadership and supplier leadership to ensure success of the program  • Participated in Statement of Work (SOW), RFP and contract agreement creation either independently and/or with team input along with response, tracking financials and reporting status  • Assessed and verified solution designs for cost, timing and milestone commitments  • Ensured compliance and utilization of project management process  • Owned resolution of project issues, worked with IT Executives, Enterprise Architecture, Business Project Leads, and Supply/Vendor Management teams, as necessary, using Agile/SCRUM Methodology to deliver global projects.  • Coordinated and/or supported system retirements associated with solution implementation  • Created and implemented Systems Release and Change Management and procedures of application software  • Integrated Release and Change Management procedures with various project work streams related to the development of a new system, along with Operational procedures after the system implementation with business analysis and data management processing before implementation.  • Ensured that each release has the appropriate supporting documents for each assigned release  • Created release schedule and team support for the life and duration of the release  • Ensured compliance with release management and change management practices  • Provided progress PPT reports to Senior Management  • Managed program budget to ensure that program completed on or below budget  • Coordinated content management and document management in MS SharePoint.  • Applied PMI methodologies to manage, execute and complete projects Sr. IT Sourcing / Program Manager General Electric October 2010 to October 2013 • Managed multiple, complex projects from E2E life cycles and deliverables simultaneously with experience managing cross-organization remote and virtual teams  • Successfully managed the deployment of a global ERP system SAP MM/WM leading data conversion and release management to successful project completion  • Successfully managed ITSM implementation phases for existing IT infrastructure, processes, and services  • Participated in requirement gathering and definition, providing estimates, system design, build, integration, test and deployment using scope, schedule, prioritization decisions, cost, risk, and quality management  • Participated in Statement of Work (SOW), RFP and contract agreement creation either independently and/or with team input along with response, tracking financials and reporting status  • Worked independently or in a collaborative environment with cross-functional teams  • Created and implemented Systems Release and Change Management Salesforce/Intranet/GE.com internal systems and procedures of application software with business analysis and data management processing before implementation.  • Integrated Release and Change Management procedures with various project work streams related to the development of a new system along with Operational procedures after the system implementation  • Ensured that each release has the appropriate supporting documents for each assigned release  • Created release schedule and team support for the life and duration of the release  • Acted as key interface to the customer team providing day-to-day logistics support and managed high level quality performance activities for on-time delivery  • Successfully managed the deployment budget of a global ERP system of $40M  • Participated in developing, assembling and presenting the business unit's quarterly and annual status/progress updates to divisional and corporate leadership  • Prioritized using PM methodologies for daily operations with buyers, engagement of logistics, Purchase Orders, invoicing and material inventory  • Provided administrative support and coordination as required for SAP and other interfacing enhancements and was the technical owner for overall cutover activities. Sr. IT Program Manager - Supply Chain - Overall Roush Enterprise Roush Manufacturing October 2005 to October 2008 • Worked with affiliate companies and business stakeholders with regard to distribution of third-party software and manufacturing products. Defined business data collection processes and requirements.  • Successfully managed the deployment of a global ERP system SAP MM/WM, PeopleSoft 2.5 and Oracle OAE APEX application leading data conversion and release management to successful project completion  • Managed NET Framework implementation for applications and infrastructure change management process.  • Involved with development, testing and implementation of features for Infotainment System in Roush Mustangs.  • Managed the release process and scheduling component deployment on the update servers.  • Prioritized using PM methodologies for daily operations with buyers, engagement of logistics, Purchase Orders, invoicing and material inventory.  • Operated as primary point-of-contact with vendors for day-to-day interactions on solution delivery to PCI standards in a Global B2B and C2B relationship model.  • Lead network optimization projects utilizing the Lavasoft supply chain software.  • Recommended opportunities for supply chain cost reduction for local country through accurate modeling and optimization of the BBI network.  • Created and implemented Systems Release and Change Management Salesforce/Intranet/ROUSH.com internal systems and procedures of application software with business analysis and data management processing before implementation.  • Managed and supported ITSM implementation phases for existing IT infrastructure, processes, and service  • Developed implementation plans in coordination with local country to achieve agreed upon supply chain savings.  • Analyzed various supply chain scenarios to prepare a cost/benefit analysis of proposed change.  • Provided recommendations to senior leaders on potential modification to the BBI supply chain.  • Developed methodology to track savings generated through supply chain network changes.  • Developed and maintained relationships with key supply chain stakeholders.  • Supported modeling needs inside and outside of supply chain organization.  • Drove step-changes in supply chain model performance and functionality.  • Coordinated content management and document management in MS SharePoint. Operations Program Manager (Temp) TRW June 2005 to October 2005 • Created test plans and test cases for the application by collaborating with developers.  • Documented application features and captured screen shots to create marketing materials.  • Created business requirements document, gap analysis, and requirement traceability matrix. IT Project Manager/Delivery Manager - Supply Chain Collins & Aikman - Interior Systems Division November 2003 to April 2005 • Managed multiple complex projects from E2E life cycles and deliverables simultaneously  • Managed cross-organization remote and virtual teams  • Successfully managed the deployment of a global ERP system SAP MM/WM and Oracle OAE APEX applications, leading data conversion and release management to successful project completion  • Utilized Supplier Relationship Management Methodologies (SRM), Systems and Information Technologies, Supplier Management Inventory, EEC/SAP/ERP, and Microsoft programs for cost/budget analysis.  • Lead logistics through production planning and scheduling, demand forecasting, inventory management, customer service, order management, distribution activities and SOP (sales/operations planning) processes.  • Created and implemented Systems Release and Change Management and procedures of application software with business analysis and data management processing before implementation.  • Managed and supported ITSM implementation phases for existing IT infrastructure, processes, and service  • Lead network optimization projects utilizing the Lavasoft supply chain software.  • Recommended opportunities for supply chain cost reduction for local country through accurate modeling and optimization of the BBI network.  • Developed implementation plans in coordination with local country to achieve agreed upon supply chain savings.  • Analyzed various supply chain scenarios to prepare a cost/benefit analysis  • Developed methodology to track savings generated through supply chain network changes.  • Developed and maintained relationships with key supply chain stakeholders Education Bachelor of Arts in Information Technology E-Commerce University of Phoenix Skills MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (4 years), project management (1 year), SAP (7 years), SharePoint. (4 years), SRM (1 year), Agile, integration, Visio, Rally, Change Management, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Scrum Master Additional Information Skills & Expertise:    • Project Management Methodologies / Business Intelligence / Cost Management / Purchasing / Procurement / Leadership / Vendor & Customer Management  • SAP expertise: SRM/SCM/MM/WM/CRM/FICO    Microsoft Office Proficiency: Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Project, Visio, SharePoint, ITMS Outlook, Lotus Notes, WebEx and Lync