Short-Term Contract Consultant, IT Project Manager Short-Term Contract Consultant, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Senior Project Manager Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Short-Term Contract Consultant, IT Project Manager VDart Inc. with HCL America at Deutsche Bank - New York, NY October 2018 to January 2019 • Recruited for a short-term 3 month contract at Deutsche Bank to project manage activities through their Planning Lifecycle Phase. Assigned as IT Vendor Project Manager responsible for IT development Project Manager activities and to liaise with Client Team of Product and Project Managers.  • Responsible for project delivery to IT development of a technology platform - product for finance US Regulatory reporting.  • Management assignment areas include: Documenting client project artefacts, Lead Scrum Masters to project deliverables and project plan; Establish recurring process for agile quarterly releases and sprints; Project administration role for JIRA, Confluence, and Clarity PPM; Manage IT Vendor Resource onboarding; Establish and document program- project governance; Traceability to ensure IT development work is aligned to business team roadmap; Author weekly executive status reports; Manage Clarity resource allocation, benefit plan, and vendor costs. Short-Term Contract Consultant, IT Project Manager Axelon Services Corporation, at DTCC - New York, NY August 2017 to February 2018 • Recruited for a short-term contract at DTCC, IT Governance and Performance Management Team. Responsible for Program Management responsibilities to ensure best practices, proactive management, compliance, and ensure leadership strategic decisions are made for all IT efforts.  • Assignments include facilitation and administration of IT Executive Steering Committee - IT Strategy and Architecture reviews. This includes strategy alignment and infrastructure topic registration with Senior Management staff, perform editor-review of IT presentation materials (proof of concepts, initiative proposals, IT strategy progress reporting).  • Contributed to project development of IT Governance and Management Metric framework and reporting. BAU tasks include authoring IT presentation decks, meting minutes, action to risk management; SharePoint document repository management. Short-Term Contract Consultant as IT Project Manager III Genesis10, at TD Bank - Mount Laurel, NJ June 2016 to October 2016 • Recruited for a short-term (5-month) contract at TD Bank Dodd Frank (DF) compliance program, Information Technology ( IT) - Project Management Office (PMO).  • Assignments were defining business management processes, process rollout, and on-going management of change management, project life cycle gate reviews, risk - implementation review management. Process definition included outlining framework, documentation of process and procedure, process workflow, process templates, presentation decks, establishing and facilitating sponsor committee review.  • Other responsibilities: Program and portfolio executive status reporting, defining and reporting on KPI's, compliance to governance reporting, and technology program team consultancy for process and service improvement. Senior Project Manager, VP JPMorgan, Corporate Investment Bank - Newark, DE February 2016 to June 2016 • Recruited as Project Manager for Agency Derivatives Collateral Management (DCM), Change Management Team within Corporate Investment Bank.  • Assignments were small to medium scale projects that support Investment Bank's Collateral Management product and its infrastructure.  • Project Manager of full life-cycle activities such managing JIRA service requests, ensure requirements to design documentation, facilitate stakeholder reviews, business and technology change request prioritization, coordinate test and production rollout events.  • Other strategic projects assigned: Implementation of Cash DDA reconciliation product tool, Interest Movement processing and reconciliation, and manage quarterly application upgrade releases for Collateral Management application product known as COAST. IT Senior Project Manager Houston Independent School District - Houston, TX September 2014 to February 2016 • Recruited as IT senior specialist Project Manager for delivery of application upgrades, SunGard Public Safety software implementation to cloud based solutions, internal IT development projects, vendor on-boarding.  • Assignments were medium to large scale projects that support HISD campus schools, central business offices, and/or IT infrastructure.  • Project management practice was based on COBIT IT governance, SDLC, and ITIL.  • Full lifecycle projects successfully completed or in-progress include: District Online payment system, MS SharePoint application for Procurement's Contracts for Services (manual to electronic), HR Employee Records Management System (digitize and automate business process), and implementation a Law Enforcement Management System with Sungard Public Sector - OneSolution software suite. Short-Term Contract Consultant as IT Senior Project Manager Tekmark Global Solutions, at JPMorgan Chase - New York, NY January 2014 to May 2014 New York, New York Short-Term Contract Consultant as IT Senior Project Manager  • Recruited for short-term contract-consultant role at JPMorgan to support IT Program Management Office (PMO) administrative responsibilities within an enterprise risk and compliance team for the development and rollout of an enterprise risk and compliance control and reporting platform.  • Was responsible for PMO activities such as: Project lifecycle SDLC governance, facilitated several bi-weekly meetings / serve as liaison between business and IT to manage project plan, risks, issues, tasks; resource allocation and activity prioritisation; monitor and report on project health status for 13 work streams to senior executives; management of PPM Clarity program and project work stream budget financials related to resource forecast, resource allocation, and resource levelling.  • Other assignments: Redesigned IT PMO SharePoint site to improve on collaboration, structure, and efficiency to reflect product and project team structure. Served as Project Manager for vendor (IBM) development project effort to build a semantic reporting layer based on data warehouse. Short-Term Contract Consultant as Senior Project Manager Computing Concepts LLC, at Morgan Stanley - New York, NY July 2013 to August 2013 • Recruited for short-term contract-consultant support for Project Management Office (PMO) team within Wealth Management Technology.  • Was responsible for the review and reporting of PMO team project statuses and financials, track and report on red-amber-green issues, project initiation and setup within HP-PPM; Performed PMO project audits to ensure governance and adherence to defined organizational project life cycle (PLC) and methodologies; Partner with senior management to review and finalise technology quarterly review.  • Other assignments: Design and administration of PMO SharePoint intranet web-page, handled administration for Project Management Office and project management application tools. Business Senior Project Manager Bank of New York Mellon - Corporate Trust - New York, NY May 2010 to August 2012 • Recruited as Senior Project Manager for client development projects and regulatory projects.  • Projects were medium to large scale, multi-phase projects with direct client interface. Regulatory projects such as SSAE 16, SAS70 involved coordination and consulting with business and technology teams, attestation reviews of business and technology standard process documentation with KMPG engagement.  • Projects were successfully delivered by SDLC and CMM lifecycle using agile and waterfall methodologies.  • Successful Projects: A financial analytical platform that would leverage BNYM client data to compute economic financial forecasts and compressive "Stress Test" validation of financial firms.  • Daily duties: client engagement, vendor management, project resource scheduling, facilitating interested party review sessions, project status presentation decks, manage project plan for estimates vs. actual progress, and performing validation and traceability of identified requirements and deliverables from initiation to post-implementation.  • Other roles: Redesign team SDLC project protocol, policies, and methodologies; JIRA Service Request Management, Disaster Recovery event planning, process documentation, and business unit readiness - engagement. IT Senior Project Manager Bank of New York Mellon - Pershing, LLC - Jersey City, NJ March 2008 to May 2010 • Recruited as Senior Project Manager for large scale industry mandated regulatory program / projects.  • First successful project assignment was regulatory related, Option Symbology Initiative (OSI). Project scope was converting from a Five (5) Character "OPRA Code" trading symbol to an explicit 21-25 character option symbology format.  • Was responsible for managing budget of $6.9 million, firm wide impact of 25 global functional sub- project teams, infrastructure impact of 35 financial business products; and redesign of integrated single sign-on Pershing proprietary financial trading platform that had multiple designs, which was customised for each broker dealer client; coordination of events to participate with Exchanges and industry commissions.  • Other project administration duties: Applying SDLC lifecycle using agile and waterfall methodologies, Senior Executive presentations, resource allocation, change management, risk management, budget estimates vs. actuals, documentation of Individual Broker Dealer (IBD) materials for client engagement and readiness, project progress meetings with business and technology teams for project plan variance, issue escalations, user-system platform testing, and manage cross- project dependencies schedule conflict. Senior Project Manager / Business Analyst Tekmark Global Solutions, at JPMorgan Chase - New York, NY February 2007 to March 2008 • Responsible for business analysis and project management role and activities within the Private Bank's project delivery team.  • A few Business Analyst and Project Manager Responsibilities: Apply defined SDLC framework, facilitate business process interviews, business process workflow diagrams, document business requirements, and team review of functional specifications. Additionally, full-lifecycle project management of all phases such as initiation, requirements, design, build, execute, unit testing, system testing, and deployment.  • Facilitated recurring project team meetings to review base lined project plan(s) for status, timeline, and budget. Partner with vendor management to liaise and report status to business and technology teams regarding issue, risk, project planning, defect tracking, and execution status scorecards. Project Manager UBS Financial Services, AG - Weehawken, NJ July 2005 to February 2007 • Responsible for the project management service delivery of enterprise wide financial systems that affected UBS "ConsultWorks"; assigned a product application portfolio of technologies and UBS Americas technology infrastructure projects, which followed a Product Project lifecycle (PPLC) or SDLC framework from initiation to post-implementation phases, using both agile, iterative, and waterfall methodologies.  • Project management includes managing Microsoft project plans within established timelines, scheduling and communication of 'project release rollout schedule' to Wealth Management Financial Advisor offices, project manage and lead application teams during 'Rollout Events' for application code change(s), platform upgrades, infrastructure releases, and / or new application development.  • Project Accomplishments: UBS WINS Implementation, product application development, and integration of web-based financial planning applications. Project Manager / Business Analyst Bank of New York Mellon - Private Client Services - New York, NY August 2001 to July 2005 • Project portfolio administration for all business technologies within Private Client Services and Wealth Management.  • Project Management activities include delivery of small to large SDLC projects from initiation to implementation using iterative, agile, and waterfall methodologies. Responsible for MS Project plans, communicating project status, vendor management, unit and user testing coordination, facilitate interested party review sessions, line of business prioritisation for development and production services requests for products as Siebel CRM 7.5, PeopleSoft, Security Master, Trust Accounting and Lotus Notes.  • Business unit support services performed included: business product workflow documentation, diagram MS Visio workflows of both business and technology process and products, develop and coordination of disaster recovery events.  • Other roles: System Security Information Officer, MIS and SQL Data Reporting, and Disaster Recovery LOB Coordinator. Technology Project Manager Tekmark Global Solutions, at JPMorgan Chase - Columbus, OH September 1996 to August 2001 • Senior Project Manager for medium to large scale SDLC Lifecycle projects for Investment Bank Operations.  • Provided end to end project leadership with global and cross-functional teams, budget management, manage and track effort estimates and actuals for resource allocation, and vendor management.  • Infrastructure projects: Migration of 28 applications to a new technology environment; Development of several Intranet sites; Upgrade of client environment from OS2 to the Windows NT platform. Business line projects: User upgrades of Lotus Notes; Statement conversion of 16,300 legacy financial accounts; Trust Accounting and Security Master Conversion projects for Bank One -First Chicago merger. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Management NEW YORK UNIVERSITY - New York, NY May 2008 Certification University Of Colorado at Denver - Denver, CO January 2001 Skills SDLC (10+ years), MS PROJECT (3 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (2 years), DISASTER RECOVERY (6 years), WEALTH MANAGEMENT (5 years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Clarity (5 years), Confluence (5 years), Sharepoint (10+ years), Agile (5 years), JIRA (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFILE  Project Mgmt.: Agile, Waterfall, Iterative, CMM, UML, SDLC, PMI-PMBOK, ITIL  Functional Areas: Information Technology ( IT), Procurement, Finance, Investment Banking, Wealth Management, Risk and Compliance, Securities, Derivatives, Trading, IT-PMO  Productivity: MS Office, MS Access, MS Project, SharePoint, HP-PPM, JIRA, Clarity-PPM, Confluence  Infrastructure: Enterprise Application Development to implementations, Cloud solutions, Windows, Disaster Recovery, Change Management, Migrations