IT Procurement Manager / Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Procurement <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Procurement Manager / Project Manager Ashburn, VA A diverse and enthusiastic IT manager with over 20 years of management experience and over 30 years in the IT field domestically and internationally. Experience including the management of in-house development as well as 3rd party solutions throughout the Project Management Life Cycles Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Procurement Manager / Project Manager Qatar Petroleum (QP) - Doha, QA April 2005 to March 2019 Qatar Petroleum is a national organization responsible for the development of the Hydrocarbon resources in the state of Qatar in the Middle East. Responsibilities included:    ? Managing a team of Project Managers that manage the procurement of Commercial Of The Shelf (COTS) solutions.    ? Managing complete project life cycle from Initiation, Planning through Execution to Closure. Managing the processes of Business Cases, requirements gathering, tendering, evaluating bids, negotiations, awarding, implementations and deployment are adhered.    ? Ensure all company tendering/procurement guidelines and procedures are followed. Working closely with the Contract and Legal departments to ensure terms and conditions are defined and met by all bidders/contractors    ? Working with internal and external customers to ensure all requirements are captured and the best service is provided    ? A member of the Technical Change Assessment Panel (TCAP) which ensures change management guidelines are addressed    ? Working closely with the Project Management Office (PMO) to ensure department process is followed    ? Defined and design templates and documents for the department process, i.e. Business Case/feasibility report, Project Charter, Tendering Scope of Work, Technical Evaluation Criteria, Communication Plans and Contract Management.    ? Review all projects documents developed by team members    ? Member of department commercial negotiation team for 3rd party solutions    ? Managed projects for multiple departments (i.e. Finance, HR, General Services, Oil & Gas, Doha Heliport, Industrial Cities) to automate business processes.    ? Used Microsoft tools for projects management;  MS Project to develop schedules, assign resources and track progress and workloads.  MS Visio to define high level and low level designs.  MS Excel for project budgeting purposes. IT Application Manager National Electrical Benefit Fund - Rockville, MD 1995 to March 2005 The National Electrical Benefit Fund (NEBF) is a national pension fund for electrical engineering in the United States and Canada.    Using the financial and banking background responsibilities include:    ? Working with internal and external customers to develop requirements and designs. Used the joint application design (JAD) to gather requirements with the users    ? Manage a staff of different level programmers, designers, and DBAs using multiple software and applications to oversee the daily development in the IT programming staff.    ? Responsible for hiring multiple level staff members and contractors.    ? Set up goals for the development staff and track their progress to achieve these goals.    ? Motivate, Mentor and organize team members to provide extraordinary services to clients.    ? Work with team to define and maintain standards, policies and procedures for the department infrastructure.    ? Manage large and different type of projects including new development projects or migration/conversion projects on multiple platforms (mainframe, MS servers, and/or Unix servers)    ? Managing and designing projects life cycles from gathering client's requirements, through designing, development, unit testing, system testing, rollouts and disaster recovery plans to deployments.    ? Prepared RFPs (Request For Proposal) and RFIs (Request For Info) for new projects    ? Using Microsoft products, Project 98, Visio and Excel, to measure time lines and budgets for every project.    ? Identify new areas of growth and maintain knowledge of new IT technologies for company future system's design and make suggestions accordingly.    Software:  Used: COBOL, VB6, COM, DCOM, ODBC, C# .Net, crystal reports, SQL, RDMS, DMS, UML, MS Visio, Access, Excel, Word, Power Point, project 2003.  Knowledge: C++, Java, Rational Rose, SQA test, requisite pro, Irwin, VB.Net.    Hardware:  Unisys 2200 mainframe, SQL servers, and PCs. Senior Programmer/Analyst Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) - Virginia 1994 to 1995 HUD is a federal department for housing in the United States, helped customers gets loans to purchase homes.  ? Responsibilities included analyzing problems and requests, writing or maintaining programs, set test plan to test programs, then implements to production environment.  ? Maintained and developed programs to handle financial aspects for customer loans using COBOL, VB5 and Java.  ? Used Microsoft Access to create queries, forms and reports from a relational database.  ? Helped trouble shooting users problems.    Software:  Used: COBOL, VB5, crystal reports, SQL, RDMS, DMS, Access, Excel, Word, Power Point, project 2003.  Knowledge: C++, Java.  Hardware:  Unisys 2200, Unix, and PCs. Programmer/Analyst National Electrical Benefit Fund (NEBF), Maryland 1989 to 1994 NEBF is a national pension fund for electrical engineering, efforts involved:  ? Development and implementation of on-line, report and batch programs for the Organizational, Employer, Participant and Pension Application subsystems.  ? Responsible for subsystem and user acceptance testing and consults in the conversion effort of the Organizational, Employer, Participant and Pension database structures. The NEBF system is a COBOL and Java based system using the Unisys DMS and RDMS data base structure.  Trainer  ? Trained customers in groups of 10 to use Microsoft applications, (windows, Word, Excel, Outlook, and Custom applications)    Software:  COBOL, VB5, crystal reports, SQL, RDMS, DMS, Access, Excel, Word, Power Point, project 2003, C++, and Java.  Hardware:  Unisys 2200, PCs, Unix, SQL servers. Programmer Patuxent NAVAL Base - Lexington Park, MD 1988 to 1989 As a member of Naval Air Industrial Financial Management System (NIFMS) responsibilities include  ? Develop, Maintain and test programs for a cash subsystem to encounter any cash flow was generated for buying and selling airplane jets parts between the NAVAL bases nationally and internationally.  ? Develop reports and transactions for selling and transferring parts between customers using a part number code.  ? Development and maintenance are written on multi platforms.  ? Document all changes per client requirements.  ? Held security level to enter Navy base for client meetings.    Software used: COBOL, C++, DMS, RDMS, CICS, MS word and word perfect.  Hardware Used: Unisys 2200 mainframe, IBM mainframe, DEC/Vax, Tandem, Personal Computers. Education Master's in Math and Computer Science CalU university - California, PA September 1987 to December 1988 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration Rabat Institute - Rabat, MA 1982 to 1986 Skills Procurement, Supply Chain, Project Management (10+ years), Management (10+ years), MS Office (10+ years), MS Project (10+ years), Strategic Planning, Customer Service