IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Consulting Project Manager Charlotte, NC Self-directed, strategic project manager/leader with over 10 years of experience helping companies execute and deliver a variety of complex and technical initiatives in matrix team environments, domestically and internationally. Consistently relied upon to align business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains. Accomplished at reclaiming troubled projects, delivering deployments, process improvement, and start-up initiatives.    Significant accomplishments include: Managed successful turnaround of troubled project, resulting in an unexpected on-time deployment, increasing productivity 20% in all 1,780 locations, by establishing and communicating a clear vision of project expectations, effective vendor management, stakeholder management, development of Change Management Plan, ensuring buy-in of stakeholders, while reducing user resistance, increasing product adoption and capturing cost savings. Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) OctaPharma - Charlotte, NC November 2018 to February 2019 Project Manager requested to back filling the seasoned PM on temporary leave, to oversee multiple existing parallel implementation projects at 86 plasma donor centers nationally, opening 23 additional new centers, installing new plasma donation equipment in all 109 centers, replacing legacy software and training programs for 4,000 employees, while ensuring delivery of $3M robotics plasma processing system thru Sight Acceptance Testing and Operational Qualification.  Results: Hit the ground running, aligning multiple business units with multiple expectations and setting the business up for successful implementations. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Flexential - Charlotte, NC June 2018 to November 2018 Recruited to increase confidence and deliver the troubled $40M Object Based Storage data center partnership with Hitachi; partnering Flexential's national Colocation, Cloud, and Disaster Recovery with Hitachi's OBS technology.  Results: Delivered the project, with accolades, in time for the national product release, preserving the high-profile partnership.  Responsibilities included:  ? Aligned site readiness at three national data centers, development, front to back testing, monitoring and BAU delivery Co-Founder & Board Member Our Journey Inc - Townsend, GA 2003 to 2018 Developed and managed start-up of the 501(c)(3) organization; providing assistance to orphaned and AIDS-affected children in remote areas of South Africa, Zimbabwe and Kenya, which has successfully evolved into a multifaceted NGO with hundreds of contributors, volunteers and services, impacting thousands of orphaned children. Change Management/ Project Manager (Consultant) Bank of America - Charlotte, NC October 2016 to April 2017 Project Manager providing structure and delivery of a six to twelve-month viewership and schedule of initiatives supporting the newly formed Treasury - Authorized Data Source (TrADS); who's development and purpose is to provide authorized treasury data to provisioners, including the Federal Government supporting the Basel Accord stress testing for Bank Capital Adequacy.  Results: Developed the schedule for System of Record (SOR) and data management initiatives providing a detailed long-term view of expected data engagements, while providing the ground work for process improvement to overcome consistent changes in workflow and initiative definition. Project Manager (Consultant) Duke Energy Corp - Charlotte, NC April 2016 to May 2016 Project Manager to assess and develop project management structure, process and governance, 18 months into a federal mandated 3 year Multi-Million-dollar program of 15 projects, after a highly publicized coal ash incident.  Results: With the short timeline provided, all deliverable expectations were exceeded, providing the foundation and likelihood of successfully meeting the federal mandated time schedules. Responsibilities included:  ? Establish the processes and governance structures for Program Manager and Project Managers; worked with Program Manager and Project Managers to develop standards, best practices and cadence for managing the projects and program. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Lowes Corporate - Mooresville, NC September 2014 to July 2015 Recruited in the final six months to turn around the $2M, two-year infrastructure product development project, providing a web-based portal providing single source access and management of data between 1,780 locations.  Results: With expectations of delayed launch, project was delivered on time, increasing productivity 20% per location, reducing "store reset" times per store, across all 1,780 locations, receiving universal accolades. Responsibilities included:  ? Identified and communicated clear project goals and expectations, identifying opportunities and cost savings.  ? Provided unprecedented vendor management; enthusiastically returning operational stakeholder to one clear vision.  ? Developed Change Management Plan ensuring buy-in of all stakeholders, reducing user resistance, increasing adoption. Infrastructure and Organization (I&O) Project Manager (Consultant) Lowes Corporate - Mooresville, NC April 2014 to September 2014 I&O Project Manager requested to assess and develop a salvage plan for an abandoned $3.25M BMC Middleware Management application deployment project, intended to monitor all electronic financial transactions at 1780 locations, which was canceled in early stages of testing.  Results: Developed a salvage plan, which provided 80% of original expectation for 20% ($650K) of the initial cost while closing essential gaps in middleware monitoring of electronic transactions. Responsibilities included:  ? Performed scoping and project layout for an agile sprint based delivery of middleware management project by establishing project priority and expectations and scaling management, resources and communications to those expectations. Telepresence Engineer/ Project Manager Cisco Systems Inc - San Jose, CA July 2010 to March 2014 Engineer/ Project Manager delivering $4M+ immersive Cisco TelePresence (Video-conferencing) projects deployed from Canada to Mexico.  Results: Created a 15% reduction in average time-to-deliver per project and established a 98% on-time completion standard while recognized as a top manager. Responsibilities included:  ? Managed deployment of Cisco TelePresence projects through full functionality at Bank of America corporate sites across North America as an integral part of an $800M Cisco program and innovated continuous process improvements. Entrepreneur DHG Enterprises - Woodland Park, CO 2004 to 2010 Developed entrepreneurial concepts into viable start-up businesses, from business case to profitability, including recreational land businesses, marketing and ecommerce projects to include database web presence projects. Project Manager, General Manager Glenlaurel - Rockbridge, OH 1999 to 2003 Solely responsible for planning, development and executing $1.6M facility expansion, managing all aspects and oversight of the construction project. Recruited to become GM, where revenues were increased from $690,000 to $1.1M in 2 yrs.    Additional Management Highlights:  ? Innovated value stream solutions leading to a multi-million-dollar military contract (McDonnell Douglas).  ? Multiple industry recognition for leadership and client management as resident representative in Italy (Douglas Aircraft). Education Bachelors of Science Engineering University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL Associate of Science in Drafting & Design Valencia College - Orlando, FL Skills Process improvement, Vendor/Client management, Business Acumen/Management, Strategic planning, Strategic Planning, Multiple Project Portfolios, PM, Waterfall, PMP Links http://linkedin.com/in/dickhgordon Certifications/Licenses PMP Additional Information Competencies    • Business Acumen  • Multiple Project Portfolios  • Vendor/Client Management  • Solutions Development  • Process Improvement  • Effective Leadership  • Effective Communicator  • Strategic Planning  • Start-up Projects