Assistant Vice President/Director of Information Technology Assistant Vice President/Director of Information Technology Assistant VP/Director of Information Technology - First National Bank Livingston Livingston, TX Information technology professional with an accomplished career planning, organizing and implementing IT processes and technology solutions with a focus on security built on best practice frameworks. Leadership in guiding teams through multi implementations, projects, and other related technology changes. I look forward to expanding my career with the continuation building high-performance teams and processes to deliver secure and reliable technology solutions. Work Experience Assistant Vice President/Director of Information Technology First National Bank - Livingston, TX August 2016 to Present Provide management strategy and delivery of IT best practices and security to the current environment while transitioning to newer technologies to provide efficiencies for both the business and IT team.  • Reviewed, adjusted, develop and maintain new and existing policies and procedures that cover social media, bring your device, change and patch management and information security to name a few  • Successfully implemented new firewalls with a segmented network infrastructure that included different levels of security based on usage.  • Internal Project management for Core system transition to SaaS.  • Implemented USM/SIEM to provide  • Manage IT compliance and regulatory processes  • Implemented ITIL practices in conjunction with ITSM tools for compliance and business efficiencies  • Implementing CIS top 20 security controls  • Built, budgeted and implemented new IT training programs that included online training and the ability to attend software conferences that covered topics we used or looked at incorporating  • Implemented Public WiFi network and infrastructure to support customer mobile application delivery  • Technical Project manager for ATM conversion process to add deposit capture ATM's  • Lifecycle migration project for Microsoft end of Life systems. (SQL, Win10, Srv2008) Director of IT Operations / IT Project manager The Houstonian Hotel, Club, and Spa - Houston, TX February 2015 to August 2016 • Provide ITIL framework and IT automation to existing environment that delivered measurable business metrics to the IT department  • Project management for implementation of security and network changes to support process automation and PCI compliance  • Developed internal documentation for all systems for PCI compliance  • Implemented ITSM to support PCI breach remediation and ongoing compliance  • Delivered Windows 2k3 / XP remediation or compensating control plan to comply with PCI guidelines.  • PCI breach / PFI internal support for raw POS infection  • Project manager for IT Network segmentation project  • Implemented Bomgar support tools for secure vendor access and user support  • Lead the firewall replacement project, which brought our response in-house with the ability to investigate all alarms locally and deliver incident response internally.  • Implementation of a duo two-factor identity services using asymmetric cryptography and administration used with VPN and Bomgar remote support that allowed us more additional authentication security Regional IT Manager, Information Technology North America Oiltanking North America 2010 to 2014 A multi-company regionalized environment of over 600 users over 6 different sister companies with an overall IT expense budget of $2M per year. Oversee an Information Technology group of fourteen that support a 300-million-dollar organization.• Working with internal and external consultants was able to strategically design Oiltanking North America's Information Technology Department during planning and implementation of SOX control framework for a successful Master Limited Partnership offering  • Provide regional management representation of global parent company to support a regionalized shared services concept  • Developed framework guidance before the sale of the company and was asked to travel to India to provide an over concept for the North American Marquard and Bahls companies  • Developed and implemented a regional IT steering committee to coordinate IT priorities across multi companies and provide all internal companies voice during technology changes which could impact individual or multi locations during this time frame  • Steering committee was satisfied with implementations of shared services concept allowing multiple companies to leverage a single IT department, office space, data center, and related IT services  • Implemented and maintained a COBIT based control framework including policies and practices for Sox compliance that resulted in successful SOX testing for four years.  • Responsible for managing multiple, tiered Information Technology litigation hold process, delivering results to legal team and reducing exposure to the company.  • Budgetary responsibility of annual & capital expense budget of USD 5 MM  • Provide merger, acquisition, and divestiture planning support and implementation for 12 processes in a 16-year period resulting in Oiltanking expanding into 6 facilities, while other Marquard and Bahls subsidiary companies were merged and divested during the same period.  • Developed a comprehensive business continuity and disaster recovery plan that ensured 24/7 operational business at a 98% uptime. Mitigation strategy to restore services during post-hurricane operations.  • Delivered Key Project management to the transition of the Oiltanking office to the Downtown location, including construction coordination, facilities move, and IT transition for three companies.  • Managed regional internal and external security including, but not limited to:  ? Regional firewall implementation, management coordination, and analysis  ? Regional Proxy management configuration and analysis  ? Regional Spam filter implementation and reporting  • Selected for Global Management Training program hosted by Change International.  ? Key project delivery for global online training system concept.  • Divestiture of Oiltanking North America MLP to Enterprise Products management coordination.  • Business continuity and disaster recovery management and practice for facilities on the gulf coast Regional IT Manger / Technology Project Manager Central Anti-Virus server systems 1999 to 2010 Provide technical delivery and project management to several global and regional projects across multiple companies with a common owner within the North American region.  • Implemented regional WAN  • Managed all security aspects for the region including but not limited to:  ? Implement and manage firewalls in WAN  ? Segmentation and Isolation of SCADA environment from Business environment  ? Implemented, supported and maintained Central Anti-Virus server systems  ? Implemented supported and maintained Windows and application updates and update systems  ? Provided reporting on all aspects of Information technology to regional and global management. IT Manager/Systems Administrator Oiltanking North America 1998 to 1999 Y2K remediation project which involved collection of hardware and software inventory, external vendor contacts, testing system for rehearsal and relaying all outcomes to executive committee  • Regional MS Domain implementation for four locations including Microsoft Exchange and posterior Lotus notes Education Bachelor in Business Administration Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, TX