General Counsel General Counsel General Counsel - Roofing and Restoration Services of America Waxahachie, TX Work Experience General Counsel Roofing and Restoration Services of America - Waxahachie, TX November 2017 to Present Provides legal support for over 20 operating locations throughout the country. Advises the company's business unit  leaders regarding legal matters including: contracting with project owners and subcontractors, lease and rental  agreements, labor and employment matters, state and local licensing, dispute resolution, OSHA compliance, and various  state compliance requirements. Manages and supervises outside counsel in ongoing litigation issues throughout the country. IT Director Roofing and Restoration Services of America - Waxahachie, TX January 2011 to Present Assumes the lead role in the logistical implementation of IT services at over 20 operating locations throughout the country, encompassing over 300 employees, while effectively managing the daily efforts of IT staff and subcontractors.  Exercises accountability for an annual office technology budget of approximately $500K.    • Designed and lead development team of custom-built CRM / Project Management software with a focus on increasing revenue and decreasing short and longer liabilities.  • Streamlined business processes by creating paper-lite workflow increasing operational efficiency and oversight. Sales Manager / Project Manager Roofing and Restoration Services of America - Denver, CO May 2009 to January 2011 Generated $1.4M in new business in the first year, achieving the rank of second highest producing manager in the company. Tasked with leading a high-performing sales team driven to generate growth. Leveraged superior subject  matter expertise to increase revenue. Trained staff members on products and effective sales techniques. Account Executive Innovative Automation - Houston, TX December 2007 to May 2009 Produced an average of $1M annually in industrial automation sales. Cultivated positive relationships with prospective  clients while strengthening existing accounts. Diligently reviewed existing production processes and identified areas of potential improvement leading to increased profit and gains in productivity by reducing downtime. IT Manager Innovative Automation - Carrollton, TX August 2005 to December 2007 Directed all aspects of IT infrastructure. Reviewed, selected, and deployed hardware and software applications aligned towards company objectives. Created custom reporting solutions to determine projected sales and potential revenue.  Received accelerated advancement from management based on knowledge, initiative and worth ethic. Education Juris Doctor UNT Dallas College of Law - Dallas, TX July 2017 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX December 2007