Project Team Lead/Costumer Engineer <span class="hl">Project</span> Team Lead/Costumer Engineer Project Team Lead/Costumer Engineer - BALTIMORE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS Baltimore, MD Work Experience Project Team Lead/Costumer Engineer BALTIMORE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS October 2018 to Present • Lead city-wide deployment of Microsoft Intune for Education to all schools within the Baltimore City Public Schools (BCPSS) system.  • Gather business, communication, and functional objectives by leading client working sessions, reviewing the competitive landscape, and creative brainstorming sessions with the project team.  • Provide leadership and knowledge to potential customers in technical qualification  • Lead and manage team of technicians for the migration of users' workstations from Windows 7 platforms to the Windows 10 Education platform, installing the provisioning packages and ensuring all data, files and folders were migrated to the new workstations.  • Apply advanced and in-depth knowledge to analyze, diagnose, replicate, troubleshoot and resolve standard to highly complex technical customer reported issues around our SaaS platform Deployment Technician/ Installer BALTIMORE COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS - Baltimore, MD July 2018 to October 2018 • Assists in deployment of over 100,000 HP devices for schools within the Baltimore County Public Schools (BCPS) system.  • Performs installation, configuration, and maintenance of PCs, laptops, tablets and printers;  troubleshoots analysis of workstations and associated systems; PC imaging; post configuration;  naming computer and adding to Domain; adding peripherals; data and user-state migration;  • Ensures newly installed equipment is fully operational and environment is clean;  • Provides end-user satisfaction and approval and obtain end-user sign-off once the machine is  completed;  • Provides the Interface with high-level customers at their mid- manager level throughout the deployment process;  • Troubleshoots technical and customer service-related issues with diplomacy and professionalism;  • Provides top-notch customer service to our clients while communicating any outstanding issues to both customer and project team.  • Interacts with customers and with a positive attitude, present our client's and its services, solutions and products. Desktop Support Technician CLEMBISAM GROUP - Glen Burnie, MD June 2013 to September 2018 • Diagnosed, troubleshoot and resolved a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying problems.  • Resolved day-to-day customer technical problems by responding to requests submitted through the online helpdesk system, via phone, or in person.  • Responsible for providing in-depth telephone and in-person support to staff in the following areas: hardware, standard office software applications, desktop and laptop operating systems (including Macs), financial applications, database applications, web-based applications, and custom applications.  • Performed problem analysis, research, isolation, resolution, and documentation of solutions in the call-tracking database.  • Provided basic server troubleshooting and support for the association's audio, visual, and conferencing systems and content management system.  • Served as the first point of contact for all technical incidents via phone, e-mail, incident tickets, and walk-ins.  • Monitored server and network performance and worked closely with other teams to ensure continuity  • Configured the VPN concentrator and specific VLANs, monitored traffic and provided root-cause analysis IT Project Manager SOCKETWORKS - Lagos, NG July 2009 to January 2013 • Managed projects with a team, maintaining the management tools and processes for the monitoring and reporting on the overall health of the firm's data network.    • Performed Installation, customization, ongoing maintenance and support of a set of integrated tools and processes.    • Proven proactive monitoring and ticketing of critical production network components, servers and applications.    • Reviewed ongoing business requests, prepared weekly status reports, maintained service level reporting and enhanced the ad hoc performance capabilities of our systems    • Provided leadership and work with a variety of Information Systems (IS) teams to accomplish assigned projects, including writing both high level and detailed project plans,    • Prepared and presented presentations to leadership, interfaced with other departments and vendors, produced weekly status reports and advised leadership of problems and progress.    • Collaborated with other support groups and escalates issues as needed    • Correlated events and incidents perform root cause analysis for problems    • Identified and recommended enhancements to processes and procedures to improve    operational efficiency Help Desk Specialist April 2007 to June 2009 • Assisted management in identifying negative trends in system performance or in the number of problems reported. Routinely exceed call-handling goals, closing an average of 60 calls daily (25% above quota) with a 75% first-call resolution ratio and an average talk-time of 5.5 minutes -well below 7-minute goal.    • Diagnosed, troubleshoot and resolved a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. IT Support Technician October 2006 to March 2007 • Provided support for thin client platforms, virtual desktops, document system design, installation, configuration, and network maintenance.  • Provided support for Operating Systems (Windows OS 10) and core business applications  such as Office 2013/Office 365, Lync, Adobe products and Mac applications  • Received and logged complains of student having problem to use specific hardware/software  • Resolved hardware/software problem of student within specified time frame.  • Configuration of thin client and other related hardware Education Diploma in Computer Networking in Computer Networking HTRDG School of Computer Science 2005 Master of Science in Ag, Economics University of Ibadan 2003 Bachelor of Ag.Technology in Ag.Technology Federal University of Technology 2000 Skills Deployment, Active directory, Vpn, Imaging, Imaging systems, Drivers, Voip, Printers, Windows xp, Mac, Pcs Additional Information Skills    • Enterprise level experience in providing support for Operating Systems (Windows XP, 7, 8, 10) and core business applications such as Office 2013/Office 365, Lync, Adobe products and Mac applications such as Office for Mac, Parallels and iTunes.    • Deep understanding of Active Directory, Domain structure and topology, Policy and GPOs, ADUC, management of objects and OUs.    • Deep understanding of Network infrastructure, addressing, patching, VPN, POE, VOIP and connectivity troubleshooting.    • Proven experience in troubleshooting various hardware and peripherals such as Desktop and Laptop PCs, Macs, Tablets, Cell Phones, printers and multi-function devices.    • Proven experience in deployment, configuration and troubleshooting of laptops, printers, MFPs, Print Servers and queues.    • Understanding of methods for Imaging systems and pre-deployment adjustment of core Images for Business needs, including the addition of drivers and updates to Operating Systems and applications.