Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Berkeley, CA Summary of qualifications    • Epic (Electronic Medical Records) Implementations.  o Project management planning, resource allocation, budget, scope, regulatory requirements, risk assessments and architecture design  o Hospital device identification, facilities management, procurement, deployment and testing  o Post production project close documentation and support    • Data center migrations.  o Project management planning, system requirements and scope documentation, vendor evaluation, data and applications evaluations, risk assessments, backup and security scope prior migragration  o Down-time planning during data and application migration  o Execution, testing and post production support    • Application Implementations.  o Project management planning, system requirements and scope documentation, application evaluations (Proof of concept), budget creation, resource allocation (internal and vendor), project plan and reporting creation  o Execution, testing and post production support    • Extensive experience on data mining and GxP implementations of Business Intelligence projects for pharmaceutical companies  • Demonstrated ability to oversee all aspects of project management from legacy to new application migrations, Win10 and 365 migrations, server virtualization/ IAAS, budget creation and maintenance (Clarity), hospital facilities management and HIPPA compliance.  • Developed exceptional skills in the following areas: Project Management (PMP certification), compliance, Oral and Written Communication, Consulting, Problem Solving, Quality Processes and methodologies. Work Experience Senior Project Manager San Francisco General Hospital - San Francisco, CA September 2018 to August 2019 Project Profile: Epic device, application and Infrastructure Deployment  Project size: Core team of ten resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $10 million.  • Accountable for Epic application implementations, server upgrades, hardware/ devices deployments and capital construction for facility readiness across multiple hospital locations as well as ambulatory sites.  • Responsibilities included managing EPIC application builds for in-patient and out-patient sites, data migration, ancillary system implementations as part of a large scale hospital projects that included facility readiness, application, telecom, infrastructure and Biomed deployments, cloud application deployments, data security (IAM), VMware, Citrix and Avaya (Telecom) procurement, installation, testing and deployment.  • Project Management deliverables include the creation of extensive documentation for Inpatient and Ambulatory procedures, disaster recovery policies, compliance, risk management, reporting, budget tracking, project plans, change management, scope documents, blueprint creation and device inventory as well as facilities projects. IT-QSC Security Project Manager (Contract) Gilead - Foster City, CA May 2018 to September 2018 Project Profile: Implementation of IT Security Projects  Project size: Core team of twenty resources and vendor teams / Budget: $2 million.    • Responsible for implementation of IT security validated projects throughout the entire company.  • Project Management responsibilities include the coordination and management of all documentation and activities related to the project life-cycle and GxP validation as well hardware and application deployments, testing, data migration, security audits, validated documentation and procedures, planning, risk mitigation, resource allocation, project timelines, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance.  • Accountable for the creation of technical teams, change management, defining scope and budgets, disaster recovery, status reports, documentation management, coordinating weekly meetings, defining tasks, tracking progress, and driving teams through the completion of milestones. Senior Project Manager Achaogen - South San Francisco, CA June 2017 to April 2018 Project Profile: Implementations of Contract and Content Management, IR-CRM and Business Intelligence.  Project size: Core team of ten resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $3 million.    • Managed cloud-based application implementations, Hardware Deployments, Facilities, Data Security, Telecom and Business Intelligence.  • Responsibilities include the implementation of a Contract Management Systems (ContractSafe), BOX data migration and implementation, DAS (Distributed Antenna System) deployment, Business Intelligence MARS application implementation for the Microbiology-Informatics teams and IR-CRM (Investor Relations CRM- Nasdaq) implementation, OKTA-SSO.  • Accountable for validated documentation and procedures, planning, risk migration, resource allocation, project timelines, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance. Project management activities included building teams, change management, defining scope and budgets, status reports, documentation management, coordinating weekly meetings, mentoring resources, defining tasks, tracking progress, and driving teams through the completion of milestones. Senior Project Manager John Muir Hospital - Walnut Creek, CA May 2013 to June 2017 Project Profile: ITS Facilities, EPIC Server/ Hardware/ Device Deployment and Windows 7/ 365 Migration.  Project size: Core team of twenty resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $25 million.    • Accountable for Epic application implementation build, server upgrades, hardware/ devices deployments and capital construction for facility readiness across multiple hospital locations as well as ambulatory sites, communications and execution of all deliverables including change management.  • Managed in-patient and out-patient sites, ancillary system implementations as part of a large-scale hospital projects that included facility readiness, application, telecom, infrastructure and Biomed deployments, cloud application deployments, data security (IAM), VMware, Citrix and Avaya (Telecom) procurement, installation, testing and deployment.  • Project Management deliverables included the creation of extensive documentation for Inpatient and Ambulatory procedures, disaster recovery policies, project plans, change management, scope documents, blueprint creation and device inventory. Facility responsibilities includes planning, construction of IDF/ MDF closets, network device procurement testing and deployment, cabling, electrical, server deployment, application migration and department moves. Senior Project Manager Washington Hospital - Fremont, CA May 2012 to May 2013 Project Profile: EPIC Hardware/ Device Deployment  Project size: Core team of ten resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $10 million.    • Responsible for the device selection, procurement and deployment of hardware and devices across the hospital (ER, Pediatrics, ICU, OR, Labor and Delivery, Radiology] y, CAD LAB, Pharmacy and Oncology) and other business units.  • Other responsibilities included managing EPIC application builds for in-patient and out-patient sites, workstation refresh to Windows 7, deployment of Identity and Access Management (IAM), VMware, Citrix and Avaya (Telecom) procurement, installation, testing and deployment, physical data center readiness, server procurement, installation and testing, IDF racking, cabling and testing.  • Accountable for capital construction for facility readiness across multiple hospital locations by working closely with the facilities team for the installation of power, device, network and other construction activities.  • Project management responsibilities include planning, risk analysis and migration, disaster recovery, change management, customer support, project timelines management, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance, hardware build documentation for multiple platforms and security plans. Senior Project Manager UCSF - San Francisco, CA December 2011 to August 2012 Project Profile: EPIC Hardware/ Device Deployment and Data Migration  Project size: Core team of ten resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $40 million.  • Responsible for the procurement and deployment of hardware and devices across all UCSF hospitals (ER, Pediatrics, ICU, OR, Labor and Delivery, Radiology, CAD LAB, Pharmacy and Oncology) and other business units as well as Ambulatory clinics.  • Working closely with multiple construction and design teams on the coordination of multiple readiness activities as part of the global data center readiness and deployment. Other responsibilities included deployment of Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Multi Factor Authentication (MFA), decommission of legacy systems, servers, data capturing, scrubbing and migration to multiple EPIC database systems.  • Project management responsibilities include planning, risk analysis and migration, customer support, project timelines management, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance, change management, hardware build documentation for multiple platforms and security plans. Senior Project Manager Genentech- Roche - Basel, CH July 2010 to December 2011 Project Profile: Contract and Document Management System Implementations (SAAS)  Project size: Core team of six resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $ 1.5 million.    • Accountable for the integration, migration and decommission of multiple contract management systems into a global contract management system (Emptoris- SAAS based). Activities included initial application implementation and upgrade to comply with Windows 7, network gear procurement, installation and testing.  • Served as lead Project Manager on the implementation of a web-based (SAAS) global eTMF (electronic Trial Master File) application by working with the business and IT teams.  • Project management responsibilities included scope definition, identifying resources, budget creation and project approval, Business Objects reporting setup and manage disaster recovery policies, hardware procurement and decommission, licensing negotiation, data and user migration, budget creation and maintenance, decommission of legacy systems, data archiving, PLC/PMM and GXP documentation management. Senior Project Manager Verizon Business - San Francisco, CA April 2009 to July 2010 Project Profile: Data Center Migrations - JetBlue and Colgate- Palmolive to Verizon Business Data Centers.  Project size: Core team of twelve resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $140 million.    • Served as a lead Project Manager on the migration of multiple JetBlue and Colgate- Palmolive data centers to Verizon Business data centers located in the US and Australia.  • Accountable for the data center facility readiness, migration planning, hardware and circuit's procurement, disaster recovery, hardware utilization and decommissioning, inventory creation for servers and applications prior migration, design review and server build documentation. Other responsibilities included new client network assessments, virtualization, HAAS, implementation of WAAS, WSI satellite tracking installation and configuration, managing of SAN, SharePoint, Backups, Print and File Services implementations, facilities management, fork-lift coordination and installation of servers.  • Project management responsibilities included budget tracking, weekly and monthly status reports at all levels, invoicing, project plan creation for each individual tracks, change management, resource allocation and management, risk analysis and vendor management. Project Manager BlueShield of California - San Francisco, CA June 2008 to April 2009 Project Profile: Implementation of Facets, data center and application migration & consolidation.  Project size: Core team of ten resources and multiple vendor teams / Budget: $10 million.    • Managed the network gear procurement, installation and testing as well as the deployment of multiple applications for the development team and off-shore resources as part of the implementation of FACETS.  • Responsible for the creation of business and technical requirements utilizing Shield Advance project methodology formats and guidelines as well as the installation and configuration of Tidal, Informatica- PowerCenter (Data migration and synchronization for transactional data, regulatory governance and data warehousing), server consolidation, virtualization, installation and testing on multiple Data Centers to attain power savings and comply with environmental initiatives.  • Project Management responsibilities required working Business and IT Leadership teams to ensure all activities were aligned in a consistent direction and in support of business goals. Accountable for risk migration, resource allocation, project timelines, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance, and server build documentation for multiple applications. Maintained plans by interfacing with all functional organizations to identify issues, dependencies and track progress. Ensured that deliverables and activities were completed and aligned with IT and Company standards by evaluating schedule impacts and implement recovery plans. Oxford-UK Global Project Manager Novartis Vaccines & Diagnostics, Inc - Siena, IT April 2006 to June 2008 Project Profile: Business Intelligence/ Data Warehouse, Data Center Migration and Implementation of Maximo & Meridian  Project size: Core team of ten resources, twenty external resources from multiple departments/ Budget: $10 million.  • Responsible for the global implementation and validation of Maximo and Meridian a web based facilities management applications for the PHARMA division in Emeryville, Liverpool and Italy. Implementation of Autonomy (BI/ Data Warehouse) application for Novartis Global Marketing group. Activities included vendor evaluation and selection, budget creation, architecture, data sources definition, data reporting (Clarity) documentation, network configuration, backup and recovery, security, wireframes for future GUIs, infrastructure readiness and end to end implementation.  • Other projects included the migration and consolidation of multiple servers and global applications from Emeryville to a "Data Center in Boulder- Colorado to meet global environmental goals. Accountable for server acquisition and installation, planning, risk migration, resource allocation, project timelines, vendor management, budget creation and maintenance, and server build documentation for multiple platforms.  • Project management activities included building teams, change management, defining scope and budgets, status reports, documentation management, coordinating weekly meetings, mentoring resources, defining tasks, tracking progress, and driving teams through the completion of milestones. Senior Project Manager Kaiser Permanente May 2004 to April 2006 Project Profile: Implementation of ePREMIS and EPIC Resolute data migration.  Project size: Core team of ten resources, twenty external resources from multiple departments and one vendor  Budget: $8 million.    • Accountable for the Implementation of ePREMIS (Claims Processing and Editing) application for Northern California and EPIC Resolute (HB and PB) data migration.  • Working closely with business leads during the project planning on the creation of BRDs, project plans, migration and testing strategies and compliance for NCAL and SCAL lines of business.  • Additional responsibilities included vendor management, hardware procurement and installation, network readiness, resource allocation and budget management for multiple locations and making sure the business and technical requirements were followed during all phases of the project implementation. Travel extensible to all locations. Senior Project Manager OMB - San Juan, PR March 2002 to May 2004 Project Profile: Business Intelligence/ Data Warehouse, Data Center Migration  Project size: Core team composed of ten internal resources and over sixty vendors and professional services companies / Budget: $ 150 million.    • Directly responsible for the management of Microsoft, Oracle, SAS, Adobe and IBM projects, contracts and licenses for all the government agencies of Puerto Rico. Responsible for the relocation of a Data Center to a new state of the art facility, Business Intelligence/ Data warehouse implementation for the office of statistics of Puerto Rico.  • Duties included vendor evaluation, completion of the data warehouse facility, creation of a "go live and release" to production plan, management of internal and vendor resources performing the migration, installation of new hardware, software, circuits and testing.  • Directly responsible for implementing a Statistical Analysis Project (data warehouse, business intelligence), E-Gov (Electronic transactions and payment for the government), Business Re-engineering (Evaluating and modifying existing processes), Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery project, Security and On Line Transactions project (Microsoft), Accountable for the creation of new internal processes to expedite the release of licenses and training at a more efficient way and high standards.  • Project Management activities included building teams, assigning resources, change management, defining scope and budgets, scheduling, vendor relations and management, coordinating meetings, mentoring resources, defining tasks, tracking progress, and driving teams through the completion of milestones. Senior Project Manager PayMaster-Carana - Kingston, JM August 2001 to March 2002 Company Profile: Payment, encashment and money transfer services on behalf of Banks and Utilities companies.  Project size: Core team composed of three internal resources and five consultants / Budget: $2 million.    • Responsible for the implementation of CORE and SAP for two tier Financial Systems.  • Created and published PayMaster's functional and network RFP for distribution to vendors.  • Performed vendor due-diligence, bid specifications for special hardware & software systems, created and negotiated contract agreements and support.  • Produced and implemented new methodologies for the project team for better manage projects and resources.  • Prepared regular reports showing functioning of the integrated systems, status of the program development and "end user" needs. Re-defined the business workflow to accommodate the new system.  • Coordinated project related activities for internal and external resource management, including meeting with the customer for approval on all design document processes and re-engineering, cost justification and risk assessment reports, project plan management, monitoring budget, quality, scope definition, and user training, all of which influenced a successful implementation. Senior Project Manager Charles Schwab - San Francisco, CA January 2000 to August 2001 Company Profile: Investment and Brokerage Company- Printing development  Role: Budget: $30 million. Senior Project Manager AFFYMETRIX - Santa Clara, CA January 1997 to December 1999 Company Profile: The Company developed DNA arrays for medical usage.  Role: Budget: $1 million    Computer Skills  MS Project; Excel; Word; Power Point; Outlook; Lotus Notes; NIKU, Visio and Clarity reporting. Education BS in Mechanical Engineering in Manufacturing San Jose State University - San Jose, CA BA in Economics in Business Administration Central University of Ecuador - Quito, EC AA in Cad in systems Administration Foothill College - Los Altos Hills, CA Skills Niku, Ms project, Visio, Excel, Lotus notes, Outlook, Word Additional Information • Epic (Electronic Medical Records) Implementations.  ? Project management planning, resource allocation, budget, scope, regulatory requirements, risk assessments and architecture design  ? Hospital device identification, facilities management, procurement, deployment and testing  ? Post production project close documentation and support    • Data center migrations.  ? Project management planning, system requirements and scope documentation, vendor evaluation, data and applications evaluations, risk assessments, backup and security scope prior migragration  ? Down-time planning during data and application migration  ? Execution, testing and post production support    • Application Implementations.  ? Project management planning, system requirements and scope documentation, application evaluations (Proof of concept), budget creation, resource allocation (internal and vendor), project plan and reporting creation  ? Execution, testing and post production support    • Extensive experience on data mining and GxP implementations of Business Intelligence projects for pharmaceutical companies  • Demonstrated ability to oversee all aspects of project management from legacy to new application migrations, Win10 and 365 migrations, server virtualization/ IAAS, budget creation and maintenance (Clarity), hospital facilities management and HIPPA compliance.  • Developed exceptional skills in the following areas: Project Management (PMP certification), compliance, Oral and Written Communication, Consulting, Problem Solving, Quality Processes and methodologies.