Sr. Program Manager/ IT Director Sr. Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ <span class="hl">IT</span> Director Highly experienced IT Program Manager Boca Raton, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Program Manager/ IT Director UNISPHERE GLOBAL CORP - Boca Raton, FL January 2012 to March 2019 • Created project plans, scopes and budged requirements for abroad deployment of company infrastructure.  • Responsible for construction and buildup of the data center in accordance with PCI security requirements  • Managed multiple teams of project mangers,developers and engineers from multiple countries.  • Acted as liaison between project's sponsors, stakeholders and IT teams.  • Supervised very complex IT overseas deployments with multi-million dollars budget. Directly involved with development teams on design of UI and UX.  • Managed software development for company operations. Directly responsible for design, development and production implementation of custom applications for mobile point of sale terminals, touch screen payment kiosks, smartphones and tablets in various platforms, including IOS, Android and Windows.  • Helped teams with trouble shooting as necessary and implemented QA processes.  • Managed back-end database design, operations and customer's web portal in compliance with PCI DSS security standard.  • Supervised migration of internal back office operations from MS Office 2007 to the MS Office 365 cloud environment, including MS Exchange, MS Project, Share Point.  • Managed deployment and implemented MS Dynamics GP software in highly complicated multicurrency, multi-country environment to accommodate international operations, including implementation of automated EDI with local and international banks, as well as payments processors.  • Trained and supervised personnel on MS Dynamics GP ERP software.  • Educated and trained personal. Conducted regular management evaluations to ensure stability of performance and career development  • Informed staff on the significance of alignment of operations to company's goals and objectives Sr. Infrastructure Project Manager/ IT Director MONEE GROUP INTERNATIONAL - Bethesda, MD May 2006 to January 2012 ·      Directly responsible for $2 Million dollars a year budget.   ·      Developed and enforces policy and procedures to ensure the protection of the affiliate’s IT assets and the integrity, security and privacy if information entrusted to or maintained by the affiliate.   ·      Oversees the linkage between external technology systems (e.g. government, vendors and banking organizations) and the affiliate’s IT resources; including systems for electronic data exchange.   ·      Managed integration of MS Dynamics GP with MG operation’s systems.  Managed highly complex design and deployment of electronic payments data processing center and related IT infrastructure.   ·      Supervised construction of facilities, to insure PCI DSS compliance for physical security and power redundancy.   ·      Managed deployment of secured network to insure highest possible data protection. Managed development and completion of Master Card prepaid card operation system, based on windows environment utilizing C++, VB, C#, MS SQL, HTML technologies and HP Servers product line at enterprise level to insure data transmission and storage security in compliance of financial, banking and electronic payments system standards.   ·      Managed development, deployment and operations of custom call center application with automated responses and interactive training guide utilizing Cisco IVR and Call Manager software and hardware with-in VoIP environment.   ·      Supervised construction of fiber optic lines to the data center facilities and satellite earth station deployment.   ·      Managed full system migration from MS Server 2003 to MS Server 2008 environment and systems upgrades to 64 Bit processing. Sr. Project Manager/ IT Director TESLA CAPITAL LLC - Bethesda, MD June 2003 to May 2006 • Responsible for the technology vision and planning process for this venture capital firm that will regularly evaluate existing technology, information systems, and staffing, research new solutions and technologies and recommend changes.  • Managed $800,000 IT budget. Implemented MS Great Planes accounting software for better investments control  • Responsible for planning, development, evaluation, coordination and management of the information and technology systems for the affiliates. This includes telephones, data imaging, practice management systems, office automation.  • Overseen full scale, organization wide deployment of Windows Server Enterprise, MS Exchange, and Share Point Servers in cluster configuration. Sr. Program Manager WORLDCOM / UUNET - Ashburn, VA February 2000 to January 2003 Managed several major, highly complex domestic projects and new hardware product implementations as defined by the organization. Coordinated and allocated all necessary resources. Interfaced with internal and external organizations for the purposes of gathering, assimilating and dispensing information. Coordinated with Network Planning, Network design, Provisioning, Facilities Procurement, Materials Management, Network Installation, Telco's, Customer Install, and the NOC to identify issues that could impact product quality, operations costs, or project schedules. Developed and adhered to schedules for assigned project based on given requirements and specifications. Acted as a primary point of contact for vendors, partners and all levels of management for project status. Disseminated project status information in the form of formal executive briefings, project coordination meetings, written and graphics reports etc. Developed Network Operations capital and operating budget, and implementation schedule estimates for new product initiatives. Sr. IT Consultant COLUMBIA ENERGY GROUP - Herndon, VA March 1999 to November 1999 Developed business processes and operation controls. Establishing communications throughout departments involved in a Project. Coordinating of software development and implementation, creating business information infrastructure. Investigating and select vendors, negotiate prices and delivery schedules. Train employees. As Project Manager architect, designed and implemented Customer Retention and Off-cycle Billing Systems with integration of Great Planes accounting software (which result in $1,000,000.00 of additional revenue) for operations and marketing departments. Tasks included operational and technical specifications, front-end design using MS Access. Backend fixes in existing Oracle Data Base. Design new communications infrastructure between operations, marketing and marketing communications departments. Setup and administer dedicated server for MS SQL Server database and created communications lines for outside information's sources using VPN., EDUCATION  Institute of electronics, computer science. Master's Degree  Business school of economics and politics, business administration and international trade. MBA Education Master's in Computer science Institute of electronics Additional Information ABILITIES & SKILLS  ? Massive experience in negotiations related to IT  ? Excellent in computer management; programming and hardware/software components development system  ? Strong background in managing highly complex projects  ? Ability to stimulate and motivate team to perform high-quality and high availability services    ? Project Manager (Agile, Waterfall)  ? E-Commerce software development  ? Large scale cross countries IT infrastructure deployments  ? Full SDLC, (Linux, Visual Studio environments, TFS), C#, .NET  ? PCI-DSS IT security (physical facilities, network and software development)  ? MS Dynamics GP (former Great Plains), CRM, ERP  ? MS SQL Server (All Versions)  ? MS Excel, Word, Power Point, Visio, Project  ? MS Servers 2003, 2008, 2012 (up to data center level)