IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Houston, TX Work Experience IT Project Manager GE Healthcare (GEHC) July 2018 to June 2019 Brought on board as an outside resource to provide expert Project Management Support to the directors and team members in a major corporate world-wide endeavor to verify and validate the alignment of each customer's installed medical product with its current and proper software version, meeting all corporate, medical and government compliance requirements. The team consists of a core dozen people spread coast to coast in the USA and in Europe; all work 100% remote. The scope of the project included almost 2100 customers with more than 19,000 installed medical devices.    My contribution and responsibilities were to create reporting and controlling methods describing the ongoing results of the project. Participate in the development of proposals resolving all types of issues that would continually arise and incorporate these new processes and results into the overall project objectives. I monitored the progress of the project on various different levels, and generated reports to management that would reflect the progress of the project. These reports were generated from multiple sources and applications; including Excel, PowerPoint, Salesforce, etc. As new members from the various product divisions would join our team as auditors, we would instruct them on the use of the various tools and processes.    I would also advice management and their executives regarding the favorable outcome, while anticipating potential issues to proactively circumvent the issues; that might pertain to project scope, schedules, quality, and best practices for project delivery and execution. As always share knowledge and credit, establishing trust, credibility, and goodwill relationship building between team members. IT Project Manager Houston, TX January 2017 to June 2018 As an IT Consulting source, I have had the opportunity of assisting various senior friends in short (1-3-day) projects, such as: Training in the use of computers & email, Wi-Fi's, peripheral equipment, software upgrades, etc. I also keep up to date with the IT world following updates in the PMI PMBOK, as well as many of the latest published technological news, such as Cloud Technology, AI (Artificial Intelligence), Mobile equipment and Mobility Services, etc. Senior IT Project Manager BAKER HUGHES, INC - Houston, TX March 2014 to October 2016 During the remodeling and modernization of one of the older and larger manufacturing facilities, managed the multiple relocations within the facility of 450+ office personnel keeping all their IT services functioning; while at the same time upgrading, and modernizing all the IT services. The estimated IT budget was $750K and was completed under budget.    Came on board as a contract Senior IT Project Manager to form part of the Baker Hughes Global Information Technology Real Estate Program to manage projects deploying IT Infrastructure to new sites connecting them to the Baker Hughes Network, as well as consolidation of multiple sites and decommissioning. The scope of these projects would normally include the deployment of basic BHI network intranet and internet connectivity; yet these projects could also include any combination and/or all of the following elements depending on the function, size and location of the site: Propriety BHI Network (Intranet & Internet), IPT or PBX Telephone Systems, Wireless Access Points, Hosting & Data Storage, BHI Network Printing, Audio Visual & Video Conferencing, Client Services, and Local & Enterprise Security, including strategies for prevention of sensitive data loss due to possible security breaches. Management of these projects also includes IT CAPEX, OPEX for all resources internal and external. All financial reports and results were extracted from SAP, a standard at Baker Hughes, Inc. All projects were documented in CA Clarity, MS Visio, MS Project (Local and Server versions), and SharePoint. Status Reports included the use of Excel Data/Graphs and PowerPoint presentations.    I have managed 120+ projects ranging from a few thousand dollars to more than $10 million dollars, as well as moving and relocating from a few people to moving and relocating 500+ people, sometimes managing as many as 15+ active projects at once. The largest portion of my projects are mostly based in Latin America, thereby taking advantage of my bi-lingual and bi-cultural business experience having lived and worked in the United States, Mexico and other Latin American countries for many years. Used MS Visio Process Maps to help management of our team delineating responsibilities between the various cross functional IT teams. The MS Visio Gantt chart capability were used extensively to help determine the complete scope and get steak holder approval of the larger projects, prior to using the complexity of the MS Project software and CA Clarity. Senior Project Manager CHEVRON CORPORATION - Houston, TX April 2013 to August 2013 Came on board as a contract Project Manager as part of the IRSM Group (Information Risk Strategy Management) to complement the MSBN Program (My Secure Business Network) in managing two of its four distinct projects. These two separate security projects consisted in the evaluation, testing and selection of new technical equipment and vendors. The two projects are: 1) The selection of a standard Global NGFW (Next Generation Firewall) and 2) the Global EAC (End-Point Access Control, i.e. Deployment of the 802.1x standard - NAC Network Access Control); equipment, software and methodology. The concept is to establish a system by which any device connecting to the Chevron Network would first require "Authentication" as a permitted unique device, and then "Authorization" to connect/reach its data, regardless where the user connected to the Network in the world. This all would occur prior to any application or database access control. The two projects, closely interrelated, needed to be managed separately, for their equipment and software manage two distinct aspects of security, as well as supported by two different groups of SME's (Subject Matter Experts). Once the selection of the new NGFW and the concept of End-Point Access Control was truly verified in a series of Proof-of-Concept testing, these two projects would merge along with a third project the "Identity-based Access Policies" project into the single fourth project "Access Policies Enforcement" (APE). Project Manager SHELL OIL COMPANY - Houston, TX November 2012 to December 2012 Brought on board as a contractor to develop and manage a process and project by which Shell could evaluate and select a replacement system and process for the Americas Region for all the existing Seismic Data Management systems. Additionally, prepare the project plan for implementing the new selected system. Project Manager HEWLETT-PACKARD - Houston, TX August 2012 to November 2012 Brought on board as a contract source to assist a world-wide team in designing, planning, managing and controlling a global project for the deployment of multiple releases of their version of the "Salesforce.com" software to their world-wide sales force of 27,000. This process included managing training sessions, migrating data and schedules, and making sure all existing data in current systems was properly migrated to the new system. Project Manager/Team Leader BRITISH PETROLEUM - Houston, TX May 2011 to July 2012 Came onboard as a contract Project Manager to work on various projects. One of these projects, working as DBA Team Lead, grew into a full-time job. Gained the "Trust" and "Respect" of the Team of DBAs. They feel comfortable approaching me with their concerns; trust my reasoning, suggestions, recommendations and/or solutions. Provided a single point of contact for users of DBA services for all issues and assignments. Any issue that is presented to Team Lead has immediate ownership. All DBA workloads are currently balanced providing a smooth operation. DBAs can request time-off and select which weekends and/or evenings to work. Cut down EWW and emergency workarounds and over-time. In order to achieve the above much work needed to be rejected and/or re-negotiated. DBAs now need not negotiate and\or hassle with users as to their assignments (users are now aware that the DBAs have someone who will step in support of them). Provided a single point for DBA Team Members to address their issues and concern to Wipro management. Project Manager/Business Analyst BRITISH PETROLEUM - Houston, TX December 2010 to February 2011 Prepared and completed an RFP for a "Global major data migration" of all their Documentum documents to SharePoint 2010. Consult as an SME regarding strategies in the process of selecting final vendor. Assist in the evaluation and selection of said final vendor. The data to be migrated is currently located in 15 divisional data centers (RPUs - Regional Profit Units) world-wide, and they will be moving it all into two Mega Data Centers (London & Houston). IT Project Manager SMALL CONSULTING JOBS - Houston, TX September 2009 to November 2010 As an immediate and available contract source have had the opportunity to assist various organizations on 1-3 day projects. Additionally, have been working and preparing for the Project Management Professional (PMP) certification exam from the Project Management Institute (PMI). Project Manager DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION - Houston, TX August 2006 to June 2009 Established PMO methodologies documentation at the "Program Level" of a major 3-4 year "Tier 1" project, in a large Oil & Gas corporation.    Brought on board as a contract source to formalize established methodologies on this very large project. The project involved the replacement of the "bread & butter" ERP software (Landmark DIMS) that manages all wells from exploration & discovery through production and eventual possible abandonment. Having gone through the evaluation and selection process of the new software (The new WellView software from Peloton); the PM methodology documentation now involves all phases of the program from conception and planning through execution, delivery, production and support. The new implementation also required the integration with various other systems such as: CMS, Bengal, OFM, WellView Data Warehouse (master data management - Data Loss Prevention Strategies of sensitive data), Business Objects, etc. Additionally, using SharePoint 2007 I developed, implemented and maintained a Project Team website with six sub-websites. For the benefit of the new WellView community of users I also developed, implemented and maintained a WellView Community website with seven sub-websites providing information such as: Implementation and rollout schedules, FAQ's, Training, Training materials, instructional videos, etc. Devon Energy transitioned from a legacy system to Clarity, and for the last two years I kept all of the WellView documentation and assisted BI&T executives in managing the program using Clarity and MS Project 2003. Used MS Visio Process Maps to manage our various IT cross functional teams delineating responsibilities between our IT teams and the user community teams. This involved all projects in Phase 2 (migrated) as well as all projects in Phases 3 and 4; a total of 11 projects. PeopleSoft General Ledger 2003 to 2007 2010, 2013 & 2016), MS Mail, MQ Series, Visio, Remedy    Trained In The Following Technologies  * ITIL v2  * PeopleSoft General Ledger; PeopleSoft - HRMS; PeopleTools; SQR. Project Manager STANFORD FINANCIAL GROUP - Houston, TX September 2004 to October 2005 Implemented a banking system, data center and infrastructure for a new bank in South America with 14 branches, which opened in a record time of 6 months.    Brought on board as a contract source to lead a project in evaluating all available banking systems, and select the best "Universal Banking System" and/or vendor for all their international locations. This process initially entailed developing four different RFP's for each of their types of banks, and selecting the final application/vendor from 83 vendors worldwide. With the assistance of outside unbiased consultants established and implemented an evaluation and elimination process that led to the final selection of "Temenos T24" as their single "Universal Banking System".    Stanford Financial Group later purchased a commercial bank in Venezuela in order to expand their presence in that country. I was sent to Venezuela as Project Manager by the CIO to install a completely new IT system for the new bank, which meant lead and supervise the selection and implementation of a totally new banking system, infrastructure and data center that Mr. Stanford requested to be done in record time of four months. After my first analysis I informed Mr. Stanford and the CIO of my findings and that I would agree to a record time of 6 months (not 4 months) for the first phase (existing system). This process required the evaluation and selection of the best vendor/system for Venezuela and assist in all contract negotiations. The Oracle-based Abanks system from Arango was selected as a temporary solution. The Temenos solution would replace Abanks at a later date. Over a period of 37 weeks I traveled multiple times and I was in Venezuela for a total of 28 weeks. I assisted local bank management in the selection and hiring of all local IT personnel (some contract), purchasing and building a new data center, as well as managing the implementation of the new banking system, migrating current data and opening of branches; all carefully documented using MS Project and other project tools. The seven existing branches were transferred to the new system on time, and within two months after the seven additional branches outside of Caracas were opened. I also managed the installation and implementation of their new data center with SUN Microsystems servers as their core processors, a system of a Citrix servers farm to handle the new concept of "Thin Clients" being used at the branches, as well as their LAN, WAN and national network; all negotiated with the Venezuelan communications authority CANTV. The new system also included the implementation of Internet Banking, debit & credit cards, IVR (phone banking), and ATM's all of, which were not services provided by the original bank. Each of the various projects had budgeting considerations and preparation, as well as forecasting, and monitoring. Consultant CALPINE CORPORATION - Houston, TX June 2004 to August 2004 Brought on board as a contract source and PeopleSoft Financials SME to assist Calpine in generating a specific tree structure for their financial consolidations. This structure, with over 600 separate entities, required more than 160 consolidation nodes, each with its own "elimination" business units to allow the required specific "Legal Entity" consolidation, as opposed to their "Functional" or "Organizational" structure. Senior Consultant PROS GUARANTEED - Dallas, TX February 2001 to March 2003 Applied life-long fluency in both English and Spanish to communicate with industry leaders through an extensive marketing program. Leveraged both technical expertise and strong international business background. Prepared and presented various project proposals for various companies in Latin and South America, such as PDVSA (Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A.). Researched and established strategic alliance to build business base in Monterrey, Mexico. Prepared a PeopleSoft upgrade proposal for a mutual customer. Manager, International Back Office Systems CitiFinancial - Dallas, TX July 1996 to January 2001 * Delivered $3.3 million in savings through defining a substitute Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) General Ledger system for global implementation. This effort eliminated a cost of $72,000 per year per installation on a worldwide basis.  * Protected corporation from a $1.4 million fine by host government by virtue of strong comprehension of international business practices.    Brought on board as contract source to evaluate commercial loan system for international locations and accepted long-term role to direct global development. Responsible for all international computer-related efforts, including PeopleSoft General Ledger (G/L), PeopleSoft Human Resources (HRMS), as well as Scala Financials. Managed all international back office systems throughout Costa Rica, Japan, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Spain. All projects were managed using SDLC methodologies, reviewing RFP/RFI documentation, developing project plans and schedules in MS Project; which included careful and complete definition of user requirements, documenting the scope of the project, developing detailed statements of work, process flow charts, budget preparation, forecasting, and monitoring, and realistic timelines. These endeavors were always carefully reported to executive management via customized status reports and/or management presentations for each level of interest and responsibility.    Global Infrastructure Development:  * Represented the international business systems interests in the evaluation of major software efforts. Selected PeopleSoft G/L and HR management systems and directed implementation on global basis.  * Selected a special version of this PeopleSoft application to support Japan's alphabet character requirements and coordinated implementation.  * Directed evaluation of commercial loan and leasing system in use in the Mexico City operation. Worked on-site in Mexico City and coordinated with vendor. Established lab in Dallas office and brought in all equipment to implement networking and testing. Wrote white paper that delivered complete evaluation program and presented paper to corporate board for action.  * Mentored internet and intranet programmers in the development of their systems and in the use of their web development tools.  * Supervised VSAT system installations, controlled by AS400 midrange systems for the Puerto Rico consumer, commercial and credit card systems, accessing master data management and also used Hyperion for generating reports.    Cost Containment:  * Delivered $3.3 million in savings over a 10-year period by negotiating new standard ERP G/L solution across seven smaller operations outside the U.S. that could not support the annual PeopleSoft maintenance fee.  * Identified and prevented a $1.4 million fine and temporary suspension of services by Mexican authorities. Provided critical oversight of Mexico's legal and contractual structure to resolve issue. Cognos Impromptu (Administrator) Business Objects XI * Clarity (versions 2007 & 2013), SAP  * SharePoint 2003 (Admin & Developer); SharePoint 2007 (Admin & Developer); SharePoint 2010 & 2013    EXPERIENCE, KEY CONTRIBUTIONS AND RESULTS Education MBA in International Marketing University of the Americas Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration University of the Americas