Delivery Head Delivery Head Delivery Head - G2C Online Services Ltd ? Total 20 years of Experience in the field of IT.  ? Experience in different Roles- Delivery Head, Project Head, Head IT, Business Analyst, and Project Management.  ? Have been involved in conceptualization of solutions and implementation. Gained functional skills in analyzing the client requirements, implementing BPRs, translating new ideas into clients' solutions including opportunity identification.  ? Have ability to communicate with appropriate audience at all levels of an organization and have ability to work with cross-functional team  ? Have ability to coordinate with internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects Work Experience Delivery Head G2C Online Services Ltd April 2019 to Present Delivery Head Delivery Head Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University For Women April 2019 to Present Organization: G2C Online Services Ltd.(Transfer within Group)    Period: April 2019 to Till Date  Client Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University For Women  Project Development and Maintenance of Online Admission System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project teams.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of Client. Delivery Head Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University For Women April 2019 to Present Project Customization, Implementation and Maintenance of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of JKHC. Delivery Head Uttarakhand Public Service Commission January 2019 to Present Period: January 2019 to Till Date    Client Jammu and Kashmir High Court  Project Customization, Implementation and Maintenance of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of JKHC. Delivery Head Karnataka Public Service Commission December 2018 to Present Project Customization, Implementation and Maintenance of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of KPSC. Delivery Head Uttarakhand Public Service Commission October 2018 to Present Project Customization, Implementation and Maintenance of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of UKPSC. Delivery Head Himachal Pradesh Public Service Commission August 2018 to Present Project Customization, Implementation and Maintenance of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of HPPSC. Delivery Head S2 Infotech International Ltd March 2017 to March 2019 Domain Expert Delivery Head Jammu Kashmir Services Selection Board August 2017 to July 2018 JKSSB)  Project Design, Development and Implementation of Online Recruitment Management System  Role Delivery Head  Tasks  ? Managing and leading the project team.  ? Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders  ? Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors for the flawless execution of projects  ? Ensure resource availability and allocation  ? Detailed project planning and control including:  • Developing and maintaining a detailed project plan.  • Managing project deliverables in line with the project plan.  • Recording and managing project issues and escalating where necessary.  • Managing project scope and change control and escalating issues where necessary.  • Monitoring project progress and performance.  ? Ensure that project is delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Providing status reports to the project sponsor.  ? Managing project training within the defined budget.  ? Liaises with, and updates progress to project sponsor/senior management.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Working closely with users to ensure the project meets business needs.  ? Management of the User Acceptance Testing program.  ? Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation  ? Providing regular status reports to Top Management.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of JKSSB. Project Head/Domain Expert Directorate of Information and Technology, Government of Maharashtra March 2017 to August 2017 Project Implementation of an Integrated Web-Based Solution across 350 ULBs(Urban Local Bodies) in the State of Maharashtra  Role Project Head/Domain Expert  Tasks  ? Lead a team for Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Review Functional Specification Documents.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan jointly with Delivery Head.  ? Coordinating with Development and Delivery Teams for on time delivery.  ? Process Improvements with BPRs.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of State Government. Project Manager TATA Consultancy Service Ltd April 2016 to March 2017 Period: April 2016 to March 2017    Client State Bank Of India  Project Easy Collect-Interface between CBS and Various Insurance Companies  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Analysis of Change Requests and calculating efforts required for changes.  ? Attending Effort Estimation Committee (EEC) meetings.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Execution, Monitoring and controlling project level activities.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of Bank.    Client State Bank Of India  Project RTI-An application for handling functionality with respect to Right To Information Act 2005  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Analysis of Change Requests and calculating efforts required for changes.  ? Attending Effort Estimation Committee (EEC) meetings.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Execution, Monitoring and controlling project level activities.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of Bank. Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd December 2008 to March 2017 Assistant Consultant Project Manager Major State Government May 2015 to March 2016 in India  Project MAHARECRUITMENT-maintenance Support , Enhancements & Operations.  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Analysis of Change Requests and calculating efforts required for changes.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Execution, Monitoring and controlling project level activities.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of Government Departments    Client Maharashtra Public Service Commission  Project Online Application And Recruitment Processing System- maintenance Support , Enhancements & Operations  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Execution, Monitoring and controlling project level activities.  ? Analysis of Change Requests and calculating efforts required for changes.  ? Coordinating with team leaders and guiding them with planning and scheduling of project.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of PSC. Project Manager A Large Water Resources Department in India May 2014 to March 2016 Project Digital Service book - maintenance Support and Enhancements  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Analysis of Change Requests and calculating efforts required for changes.  ? Stake holder Management.  ? Execution, Monitoring and controlling project level activities.  ? Attending status meetings with senior officials of water resources department. Project Manager A Large Water Resources Department in India July 2014 to March 2015 in India  Project MAHARECRUITMENT-Design, Development and Implementation of common IT platform for recruitment processing.  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Coordinating with team leaders and guiding them with planning and scheduling of project.  ? Attending weekly status meetings with senior officials of State Government. Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd December 2013 to November 2014 Project Development of Digital Service Book Application  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Understood requirements and Conceptualized Logic.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Interacted with IAS officers, Oversight Committee members, senior officers  ? Managed system testing and UAT Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd July 2013 to April 2014 Project Design, Development and Implementation of Online Application And Recruitment Processing System  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Understood requirements and Conceptualized Logic.  ? Identify BPRs and its implementation.  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client and Vendor Personnel).  ? Coordinating with team leaders and guiding them with planning and scheduling of project.  ? Effort and cost estimation.  ? Attending weekly status meetings with senior officials of PSC. Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd January 2012 to June 2013 in India  Project Development of Human Resources Management System  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Requirement Analysis & Preparation of Functional Specification Document.  ? Managed functional testing and UAT  ? Weekly status meetings with project stakeholders from customer. Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd July 2011 to December 2011 in India  Project Quarters Allotment and Management System  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Interacted with stakeholders and Gathered requirements  ? Understood current problems faced and made recommendations on solution approaches.  ? Gap analysis between 'As is processes' & 'To be processes'  ? Prepared SRS and Contributed in Software design  ? Managed system testing, UAT and post implementation support Project Manager TATA Consultancy Services Ltd January 2011 to June 2011 of a large state in India  Project Online Transfer System for Group A and Group B officers.  Role Project Manager  Tasks  ? Interacted with stakeholders and Gathered requirements  ? Preparation of Project Plan and Tracking of the plan.  ? Stake holder Management (Internal, Client).  ? Understood current problems faced and made recommendations on solution approaches.  ? Gap analysis between 'As is processes' & 'To be processes'  ? Prepared SRS and Contributed in Software design  ? Managed system testing, UAT and post implementation support Management of IT projects TATA Consultancy Services Ltd December 2008 to December 2010 in India  Project  IT & Management Consultancy (E- Governance Initiatives)  • Formulation & Implementation of IT Strategy / RFPs  • Business Process (New and Reengineering)  • Management of IT projects.    Role Business Analyst / Program Management  Tasks  ? Prepared IT Asset / process Registers for various departments-AS IS processes.  ? Translated business concepts and strategies into project plans, size resource requirements, and assessed project cost/benefit.  ? Prepared technical & functional specifications for Tender documents for  ERP (Enterprise Resource planning), BACS (Biometrics based Access Control system), Legal Management System, Website Development & Management, E-learning (Computer based Training), GIS (Geographical Information System), Online Payment Gateway, Document Management System , Data Entry.  ? Prepared evaluation matrix, Evaluated responses/bids, assisted in selection of vendors  ? Prepared and reviewed contracts for the selected vendors  ? Involved in Program Management for Implementation of Online Payment Gateways, Biometrics Access Control system, Citizen's Portal, GPS/GPRS based Vehicle Tracking System, SAP Based ERP  ? Involved in Business Process Re-engineering for Back-Office Automation  ? Involved in Business Continuity Planning  ? Involved in Project Management activities Head IT Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation January 2008 to November 2008 System Manager Head IT Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation January 2008 to November 2008 Period: January 2008 - November 2008  Project Program Management for Implementation of SAP HR  Role Head IT  Tasks  ? Active involvement as project manager from client side in business blue print preparation (AS-IS and To-Be Phase)  ? UAT for modules like OM, PA, Time Management , Recruitment , ESS, payroll, pension, PF and roster  ? Conducting project review meetings for progress monitoring  ? Issue management-track issues and their management up to resolution  ? Preparation of business continuity plans  ? Liaise with other project areas to co-ordinate interdependencies and resolve issues. Deputy Head IT Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation July 2002 to December 2007 System Analyst Deputy Head IT Online Services June 2002 to December 2007 to citizens.  Role Deputy Head IT  Tasks  ? Interact with various functional heads to understand their IT related requirements.  ? Prepared technical & functional specifications, evaluation criteria and commercial bid format for Tender documents.  ? Capture the user requirements; translate these requirements into functional and technical specifications.  ? Analysis and Design of complete system (database design, input and output forms, Logic).  ? Monitored development and testing of system.  ? Implementation of developed software across various departments of Urban Local Body.  ? Enhancements in existing software with the help of software vendor.  ? Monitoring of replication project in other Urban Local Bodies.  ? Involved in Program Management for Implementation of Online Payment Gateways, Biometrics attendance system, Citizen's Portal.  ? Monitoring of Vendors for Setting up of Data Centre.  ? Monitoring operations of Data Center.  ? Business continuity Planning. Software Engineer Larsen & Toubro InfoTech Ltd December 2000 to October 2001 Software Engineer Software Developer Larsen And Toubro Infotech Ltd December 2000 to October 2001 Period: December 2000 - October 2001    Project Web based Management Information System(WEB-MIS)  Role Software Developer  Tasks  ? Member of core software development team  ? Capturing the user requirements, translate these requirements into functional and technical specifications  ? Analysis and Design of complete system (database design, input and output forms, functions)  ? Preparation of test plans for testing of developed software Installation and maintenance of developed system before handing over to the client. Senior IT Officer Klenzaids Contamination Control April 1999 to September 2000 Senior IT Officer    Organization: Klenzaids Contamination Control (P) Ltd.  Period: April 1999 - September 2000  Project Development of software for various functions of company  Role Senior IT Officer  Tasks  ? Capturing the user requirements, translate these requirements into functional and technical specifications  ? Analysis and Design of complete system (database design, input and output forms, functions)  ? Preparation of test plans for testing of developed software  ? Deployment and maintenance of developed system. IT Officer ABN Industries September 1997 to March 1999 IT Officer    Current Role  Current Role Description  Delivery Head  This role involves following key activities:  • Lead software development, testing and implementation teams.  • Lead team of Functional Consultants , Business Analysts  • Conduct periodic reviews with Project Managers/ Project Leaders to evaluate projects performance and analyze projects health.  • Analyze and troubleshoot delivery issues in a timely fashion.  • Manage a delivery team to ensure timely and accurate customer deliveries.  • Process Improvement with Business Process Re-engineering  • Oversee daily activities of delivery team and provide direction and guidance as needed.  • Perform resource allocations and workload assignments according to delivery requirements.  • Ensure that team maintains high level of competence and operational excellence.  • Analyze customer orders, set delivery priorities and make schedule adjustments to meet timely delivery goals.  • Evaluate the performance of team members and determine training needs.  • Report Delivery Status to Customer.  • Serve as primary contact for customer inquiries and concerns.  • Pre-sales support for proposals to Public Service Commissions, High Courts , Universities and Services Selection Boards.  • Weekly Status meetings with project stakeholders.    CAREER PROFILE - Reverse Chronological Order -May 2019 Onwards:    Organization: ABN Industries.  Period: September 1997 - March 1999  Project Internal IT functions of EDP Department  Role IT Officer  Tasks  ? Capturing the user requirements, translate these requirements into functional and technical specifications  ? Analysis and Design of complete system (database design, input and output forms, functions)  ? Preparation of test plans for testing of developed software  ? Deployment and maintenance of developed system.  ? Conduct user training to make them productive on new applications Education PG Mumbai University 2012 Post Graduate Diploma in Management International Institute of Advanced Marketing 2001 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering Government College Of Engineering - Pune, MAHARASHTRA, IN 1997