IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Hardware Project Manager Indian Harbour Beach, FL Accomplished Information Technology Program and Project Manager. Performed roles in system management, team leadership, management and most recently, project and program management. Facilitated virtual meetings with multi-national resources globally. Fostered relationships with clients, engineers, solution architects and operations to achieve project deliverables. Communicated status utilizing Microsoft Project for project planning, status review with PowerPoint, budget monitored in Excel and documented meeting results in Microsoft Word. Work Experience IT Project Manager Open to new opportunities - Indian Harbour Beach, FL April 2019 to Present I'm currently available as an IT project manager. I have years of progressive project management experience with data center management of servers, storage and network, including data center migrations and software implementations such as SAP. I am very experienced in working with teams remotely. Thanks for your time. Hardware Project Manager NASA with Jacobs Technology March 2018 to March 2019 • Facilitated hardware refresh of servers, network, storage and workstations which support software development of NASA objectives, locally within 5 data centers and remotely with 3 data centers  • Utilized Microsoft Project and Primavera, to schedule, monitor and execute project plans, ; Version One to assist with Agile/Scrum methodology; PowerPoint to communicate monthly status; Microsoft Excel to analyze metrics  • Implemented Waterfall methodology as 1st scheduling integrator to support development, testing and integration of new launch software into newly HW upgraded development environments  • Coordinated daily Agile meetings to remove impediments of a time sensitive upgrade of the main firing room used for NASA launches  • Hosted weekly management and monthly operational strategic and tactical discussions, resulting in reduced month over month backlog of open requests by 30% over the course of 5 months.  • Increased performance of team with creation of a template for interviewing and hiring of 3 HW technicians; Negotiated for co-location of 2 design drafting resources with HW design engineers; Obtained a work vehicle with persistent justification and follow up of administrative request  • Implemented $18 million of new HW and $6 million in HW refreshes of servers, network and consoles Technical Project Manager Northrop Grumman July 2017 to August 2017 • Initiated remediation of unclassified infrastructure by completing a gap analysis to ensure Cyber Security Federal Government Standards are adhered to by December 31  • Completed an inventory of existing infrastructure of programs assigned; gap analysis, remediation plan and gain approval to execute the plan IT Sector Strategy Manager CareerSource Brevard May 2017 to July 2017 • Managed America's Promise Grant to enable 400 IT job seekers to obtain employment services from local IT resources within Brevard County  • Initiated awareness campaign of the grant financial resources available to local businesses and educational institutions  • Obtained Florida State Tier 1 certification required of all CareerSource Brevard employees Customer Service Representative Adecco September 2016 to May 2017 Provided telephone customer service to clients for sales and service assistance for Kate Spade, Jake Spade, Kenneth Cole, Kipling, Nautica and Lucky clients Sports Director LA Fitness November 2015 to September 2016 Created a competitive racquetball league as 1st league director of Racquetball and Volleyball programs; taught beginners basics of racquetball; mentored intermediate players to fine tune their skills; created a recreational volleyball league for players of all ages to develop volleyball skills Global Program Manager Hewlett-Packard December 2014 to January 2015 • Migrated the Mondelez client from two data centers into two go forward data centers  ? Decommissioned 712 pieces of HW, including servers, storage, tape libraries and network with results which saved the client $8 million and HP $600K  ? Completed the program three months ahead of schedule by accelerating existing decommission processes with effective daily Agile and weekly virtual global planning and status meetings  ? Created a global PMO of SAP and Infrastructure project managers  ? Facilitated operations delivery engineers in SAP, server platform, backup, network and storage disciplines Senior Project Manager Hewlett-Packard December 2013 to December 2014 • Completed initial set up of a new data center compartment for Mondelez client including network, storage and servers  ? Completed design phase with solution architect, network, server platform and storage engineers  ? Procured Hardware and coordinated installation with multiple supplier vendors  ? Completed implementations utilizing change management and local and global delivery engineers  • Migrated XP9500 storage from one location to another to accommodate unforeseen growth for Mondelez client  ? Utilized Agile methodology to facilitate regular meetings to understand the requirement  ? Created a plan to the hour to coordinate global and local site resources with Microsoft Project  • Eliminated an escalated storage capacity issue for Mondelez client by creating a process using Microsoft Excel to manage storage capacity with storage delivery engineers and develop a forecast with a solution architect and the client Project Manager Hewlett-Packard March 2008 to December 2013 • Completed 18 EVA firmware upgrades in 18 months of an environment of 2000 servers and 1000 databases which comprised of physical and VMWare instances  ? Managed 12 delivery teams and 2 clients, Dr. Pepper Snapple and Cadbury, simultaneously  ? Created a "run book" using Microsoft Word and Excel to document our upgrade process. This resulted in mainstreaming the scheduled weekend downtime processes, for the client and delivery teams  ? Utilized virtual meeting technology to communicate and eliminate hours of tele-conference calls  • Generated annual revenue of $500K per implementation and $250K monthly of Dr. Pepper Snapple server installs and upgrades  • Upgraded Dr. Pepper Snapple SAP Central Instance from AIX to Linux platform with Oracle back end over a 6 month planning cycle  ? Facilitated weekly planning and status call with SAP solution engineers and Oracle database subject matter expert  ? Created a Microsoft Project Plan to manage to milestones  ? Utilized Waterfall methodology to support development, integration and production implementations of new SAP upgrades  ? Created a "smart phone friendly" executive management status email during the upgrade process  • Provided streamlined project management which resulted in role as sole project manager for all Dr. Pepper Snapple projects Project Manager Hewlett-Packard November 2003 to March 2008 • Delivered ASTRO2 a global SAP CRM for ISG HP internal business ($4.5 million installation)  ? Achieved results included, 18 days ahead of schedule and $300K under budget  ? Created a PMO to structure planning and reporting efforts  ? Utilized Agile daily status calls to ensure roadblocks and obstacles where removed  ? Enabled brainstorming sessions to develop creative solutions  ? Supported disaster recover planning efforts  • Facilitated a data center migration, environment included all aspects of Infrastructure, Windows Servers, IBM Mainframes, storage and network, from Omaha, Nebraska to Austin, Texas for HP/Vista PC business which managed a $8.4 billion operation at $1 million an hour  ? Established a shipping and build operation to move the hardware  ? Managed constraint of IP and hostname remaining the same in from and to locations  ? Facilitated SW teams testing of CITRIX access to new environment  ? Accomplished migration as a "flash cut over weekend" Education Project Management Professional Certification Ramapo College of New Jersey - Mahwah, NJ Skills Erp, Sap, Data center, Database, Oracle, Sql, Change management, Migrations, Infrastructure management, Excel, Microsoft office, Powerpoint, Word, Customer service, Time management, Detail oriented, Mentor, Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/maguirebill Additional Information SKILLS / ABILITIES    • Data Center migrations and consolidations  • Infrastructure Management  • Setup, migration, upgrade of servers, storage and network  • Change management  • SAP ERP installation and upgrade  • Oracle and SQL database installation and upgrade  • Agile/Scrum and Waterfall experience  • Excellent facilitation and presentation abilities  • Microsoft Office suite, including Project, Word, Excel and PowerPoint  • Verbal/Written Communication  • Time Management  • Organization and detail oriented  • Interpersonal/Team-Building Skills  • Management  • Customer Service  • Coach and mentor  • Customer Service  • Leadership