Scrum Master/ Project Manager Scrum Master/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> VP, Project Manager - Moody's Investors Service Pearl River, NY Executive-Level Program/ Project Manager  Executive-Level Program/ Project Manager with 15+ years of achievement delivering IT-empowered business solutions that optimize performance and efficiency for top companies across multiple industries. Unique blend of hands-on technical expertise and strong business acumen, with ability to serve as vital bridge between business and IT. Proven ability to drive enterprise-wide initiatives that streamline operations, capture savings, increase capability, meet regulatory requirements, improve service quality, and accelerate growth. Strong management aptitude with record of developing high-performing IT teams and steering complex projects from beginning to end. Tested leader who can coach cross-functional staff.  Select Highlights:  ? Drove several high-impact IT initiatives at Moody's Investors Service, including projects that delivered $5M+ in significant savings and ensured compliance with changing mandates in an intense regulatory environment.  ? Led development and testing efforts for several new products with Dymo Corporation and managed the development of new data-driven reporting and analysis applications to reduce company headcount by 3%.  ? Directed 30-member cross-functional teams and steered multi-year, $10M+ initiatives, consistently introducing best-practice processes and standards throughout career. Work Experience Scrum Master/ Project Manager Moodys Investor Services - New York, NY February 2018 to Present •Organize and facilitate project planning, daily stand-ups, reviews, retrospectives, sprint/release planning, demos and other Scrum-related meetings  •Track and communicate team velocity and other development metrics with, and to all affected teams and management  •Update agile tracking systems to provide transparency on product and sprint backlogs  •Determine and remove all obstacles that may interfere with the ability of the teams’ to deliver assigned goals  •Maintain relevant metrics that help the team see how they are doing  •Provide direction to project activities to ensure successful implementation and support  •Promote continuous improvement and help teams to increase productivity VP, Project Manager Moody's Investors Service - New York, NY 2004 to Present Bond credit rating business of Moody's Corporation, a $29B credit rating and financial services firm.  Develop and deliver IT solutions to improve performance, efficiency, and capability across multiple business lines. Engage senior executives to define business needs, develop technical strategy and implementation plan, and align IT initiatives with bottom-line goals of growth and profitability. Drive enterprise-wide initiatives, steering work from requirements analysis to completion. Lead 30-member cross-functional teams, administer $10M+ budgets, and manage vendor relationships.  Technical Leadership  - Delivered first-ever surveillance system at Moody's to promote consistency and transparency across a complex global credit rating framework, serving as Lead Project Manager to develop system that ensured compliance with new regulatory mandates during period of intense regulatory pressure following 2008 financial crisis.  - Led Project Management responsibility using agile methodology for a critical global regulatory solution within an extremely aggressive timeline, managed the complete project lifecycle including budget management, resource onboarding, support of the capitalization process and testing.  - Championed the introduction and adoption of SharePoint that increased business collaboration across 3 global business lines. Established and recommended best practices and governance structure for building and supporting business collaboration portals.    Moody's Investors Service,  Business/Organizational Leadership  - Built and coached 30-member cross-functional and internal/external teams, aligning diverse staff behind common goals for complex, large-scale projects.  - Championed the introduction and adoption of standardized requirements process documents that increased collaboration on an enterprise scale; established and recommended best practices and governance structure for documenting requirements and change requests.  - Ensured most efficient use of $10M budgets, maximizing the ROI of IT investments.  - Leveraged best-practice processes and methodologies to create efficient, high-performing IT project teams that served as a true business partner for Moody's.  - Project Lead in an IT and Business Delivery Alignment program that successfully established a firm-wide standard and consistent project delivery methodology to allow business and IT to scale based on risk tolerance. Business Systems Analyst Dymo Corporation - Stamford, CT 2002 to 2004 American company that manufactures handheld label makers and label printers  Lead the development, execution, and delivery of innovative IT solutions for Dymo, overseeing both technical and administrative aspects of key projects. Drove complex, enterprise-wide initiatives, overseeing scope, schedule, and budget to ensure on-time, on-budget, and high-quality deliveries. Collaborated with senior staff to determine business needs and requirements, and translated into technical solutions.  - Performed analysis, design, documentation, testing and training of business solutions.  - Created new data-driven reporting and analysis applications in support of core operation teams  - Worked cohesively with team members, business managers and users to obtain business signoff on initiatives.  - Collaborated with the development team to create and maintain project plans and status reports.  - Authored in depth technical specifications to accurately reflect business requirements.  - Acted as a liaison between business application users and vendor relative to requirements and solutions. Associate, IT PaineWebber, Inc - Weehawken, NJ 1999 to 2001 Supported the design and analysis of firm wide messaging applications.  - Managed the rollout of a third party email surveillance application to Retail Branches and the Capital Markets group.  - Successfully completed a firm wide email subscription service project within eight months. Education Masters of Business Administration in Finance and Management and Economics New York University - New York, NY Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Sociology Fordham University - New York, NY Skills Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum Master, Scrum, PM, Kanban Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Trained Lean Six Sigma Green Belt - Rutgers University January 2018 to Present Additional Information Core Competencies:  IT Leadership - Program/ Project Management - Solution Architecture - Solution Design & Delivery  Business Technology - Software/Application Development - Technology Architecture - IT Portfolio Management  Service Delivery - Process Improvement - Business Requirements - Business Analysis - Change Management  Strategic Planning - Organizational Management - Resource Planning - Cross-Functional Team Leadership