Service Leader / IT Project Manager Service Leader / <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Service Leader / IT Project Manager - BNY Mellon Briarcliff Manor, NY Leverage my program management, implementation and technology experience in a leadership role to drive organizational efficiency and value. Work Experience Service Leader / IT Project Manager BNY Mellon - New York, NY November 2005 to Present Jersey City, NJ  Vice President - Private Equity and Hedge Funds    • Service Leader responsible for delivery of the overall Private Equity technology solution for BNYM-AIS division. Define strategy and manage team of business analysts and project managers, application developers and consultants to support the PE Technology Program at BNY Mellon.  • Overall responsibility includes Program Management, application development, vendor relationships, resource planning, budget accountability and risk / resiliency improvement.  • Directed the technology stream for multiple global platform conversion projects (both acquisition and client lift-out). Managed the transition of entire book of Private Equity business from lift-out organizations to BNYM applications and business processes. Defined end-state architecture and migration strategy, managed implementation and was responsible for delivery against $+3M budgets. Projects led to savings of approximately $600k annually.  • Manage applications including FIS Investran, SS&C Total Return, Deloitte Cascade Suite Waterfall engine  • Responsible for production support to ensure the availability, integrity and stability of the critical business production systems supporting 500+ users globally.  • Designed integration between internal applications (Investran, Geneva, Yardi, Cascade Suite) and external client applications.  • Manage outsourcing engagements with consulting teams (Cognizant, Wipro, FIS Sungard) for high profile projects.  • Negotiate vendor contracts from BNY Mellon perspective (e.g., negotiated savings of 22% on new professional services contract).  • Lead, Coordinate and motivate Project Teams. Remove obstacles interfering with the team's progress.  • Engagement Manager for PE Service to enhance the BNYM Third Party Governance (TPG) Program. Establish a framework for effectively managing vendor risks throughout the relationship lifecycle. This includes creating controls based on risk profile and implementing ongoing monitoring and various levels of oversight.  • Resiliency: Lead migration of multiple applications to high availability Greenfield environment. Work with architects and vendors to design, build and deploy applications to new infrastructure. Setup monitoring tools (AppDynamics, MoogSoft, Dynatrace, etc) to proactively identify potential issues.  • Created offshore development team and managed transition to global support model. Defined efficiency and quality metrics to drive performance leading to a fully functional and high-performing offshore team. Improved efficiency 60% and reduce defects 30%.  • Established process for interacting with stakeholders: setup SLAs, define metrics and KPIs, track against targets, and provide regular feedback.  • Work collaboratively with business partners in defining, developing, and implementing technology solutions that have an impact on improving the business.  • Agile and Waterfall methodology. Directed implementation of CMM level 2 certification using SDLC methodology. Lead organization change to establish and ensure the compliance of processing and project standards. Using Agile framework.  • Implemented architecture analysis and led the application conversion from VB6 to .Net.  • Manage KPMG and E&Y Audit of for the application team on SSAE 16, SAS 70 - SOX, CMM, and Information Security Technology audits. Senior Solutions Manager Vitech Systems Group - New York, NY April 2001 to October 2005 • Lead implementations of Alternative Asset and Private Equity accounting software for major Investment Banks, Fund Administrators and LP Investors improving back office PE operations.  • Responsibilities include: defining project scope and timeline, managing client relationships and expectations, defining and initiating business processes to support ongoing use of applications, client training, report design and delivery, completing projects on time and within budget.  • Work closely with Quality Assurance and development teams in NY and India.  • Direct manager for team of Business Analysts.  • Project work includes helping clients with: investment performance tracking and reporting, internal management reporting, investor communication, annual financial statements, portfolio management, GL accounting. E-Commerce Project Manager GE CAPITAL - Stamford, CT April 2000 to April 2001 • Leveraged Six Sigma Quality methodology (Black belt Certified) to drive cross-functional project teams.  • Managed the development and deployment of web functionality, including online Loan/Lease applications, Payment estimators, and Pre-approval tools.  • Leader of Web Usage Analysis Project. Results are being used to prioritize www.GESmallBusiness.com strategy and focus spending for 2001 web development.  • Organized and executed web site training for 400+ Field Sales Reps.  • Conducted weekly market research and competitive benchmarking updates to the e-commerce team.  • Key participant in evaluation of external vendors providing e-commerce transaction capability tools. Implementation Project Manager Numetrix / JD Edwards - Norwalk, CT July 1994 to March 2000 • Led on-site implementations of internally developed Supply Chain Management software at multiple Fortune 500 companies to improve their production and distribution operations.  • Co-Managed alliance with a third party software vendor to incorporate their technology in Numetrix suite of products. Acted as point of contact between field-operations and development.  • Generated new business by working with sales staff, potential clients and outside consulting firms on pre-sales efforts and 'Proof of Concept' studies.  • Responsible for the performance and professional development of several consultants.  • Developed and taught training classes for in house staff as well as clients.  • On-site experience with different industries at international locations (Mexico, Argentina).  • Helped define company direction and implementation of corporate strategy.  • Demonstrated steep learning curve for new applications. Sales and Operations Manager Energex Systems Corp - Elmsford, NY October 1992 to June 1994 • Generated sales through on-site customer contact and promotional activities. Responsible for entire sales cycle, from lead generation to contract signing.  • Managed forecasting, production, distribution, and materials ordering.  • Supervised staff of 12 manufacturing employees Education Bachelor of Science in Operations Research & Industrial Engineering Cornell University - New York, NY 1992 Skills Pmp, Crystal reports, Six sigma, Training, Presentation skills Additional Information SKILLS: PMP with Project Management Institute, Blackbelt Certified in GE Six Sigma Quality Methodology, Agile methodology, Crystal Reports, Change Acceleration training, Executive Presentation Skills Training, Microsoft suite.