Manager of IT Infrastructure <span class="hl">Manager</span> of <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure IT Infrastructure Manager Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Fearless, passionate IT Infrastructure leader uniquely skilled in the combining of technical expertise and business acumen to create best of world outcomes for business support and growth enablement. Brings a breadth and depth of technology and business processes in small, medium and large complex global companies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager of IT Infrastructure Safran Seats USA - Dallas, TX January 2018 to February 2019 Area  Hired to lead a team of 5 engineers and 2 contractors in the architecture, implementation, management and operations of cloud, datacenter, network, and end user technologies for aerospace manufacturer.  • Drive modernization and best practices of all IT infrastructure including physical and virtual (VMWare) servers, networks, desktops and cloud utilization (Azure) for a 1400 user aerospace manufacturing and engineering community.  • Improved IT customer service by an estimated 30%  • Reduced contractor cost by 50% by proper guidance and oversight.  • Led infrastructure integration efforts for local IT for new parent company.  • Utilized Azure cloud computing to reduce storage spend by estimated 25%  • Reduced overall IT spend by 25% by thorough review of expenses and elimination of stale contracts and equipment. IT Infrastructure Architect Apple Leisure Group - Dallas, TX September 2015 to October 2017 Recruited to develop the underlying IT Infrastructure for a next generation e-commerce system which consolidates five legacy systems into one platform serving multiple business units for global travel group. Advise executive management on IT infrastructure strategy, policies and processes. Mentor team members.  • Enabled business growth and sustainment by developing IT architecture designs and documentation from business requirements for execution into IBM Cloud environment as well as traditional infrastructure in various geographical locations in the United States, Mexico and the Caribbean.  • Piloted Kubernetes environment within the IBM Cloud (Bluemix) for ALG developers re-architecting the microservices based e-commerce system.  • Administered the IBM Cloud (Bluemix) for ALG and assisted IBM with continuous improvement efforts of the cloud environment.  • Aided the migration from Agile / PMI project methodologies to Scaled Agile Framework environment (SAFe).  • Served as Tier 4 support as necessary for traditional infrastructure such as VMWare farms, Windows, AIX, and Linux servers and various storage area networks (EMC, IBM, HP)  • Implemented select infrastructure projects, such as load balancer upgrades, router/firewall upgrades, "branch office in a box", and hybrid WAN.  • Pushed for continuous improvement for infrastructure by partnering with various developer groups and stakedholders. Program / Project Manager Cisco Systems - Richardson, TX March 2013 to September 2015 Charged with managing the implementations of Cisco's Unified Computing System (UCS) for Cisco IT at datacenters around the world for the team as well as managing local site engineers. Executed UCS implementation projects for various internal Cisco clients while collaborating with other internal teams. Serve as Service Delivery Manager to external Cisco clients with performing UCS implementations or support activities. Generated concise program reports and SLAs with regard to Cisco business objectives.  • Established implementation plan for UCS for Cisco's Intercloud initiative for Cisco Cloud Infrastructure Services that serves as the model for the follow-on implementations. IT Operations Manager High Touch Technologies - Dallas, TX September 2012 to January 2013 Managed a team of 11 engineers and support personnel in the architecture, implementation, and management of technology and telephony solutions for businesses in North Texas. Oversaw daily operations of Dallas Data Center at 2 locations including networks, virtualization, servers, and storage. Identified process improvement opportunities and recommended solutions to senior management. IT Operations Manager Smartronix, Inc - San Antonio, TX October 2010 to September 2012 Managed operations of a $12 million data center for client MCiS, a military health IT organization including project management, change management, and infrastructure architecture. Analyzed current datacenter specifications and developed roadmap for 75% expansion. Created, published and maintained policies and procedures under the ITIL model and utilizing the Remedy toolset.    • Created business and cost models for co-location, managed, and hosted systems for new services.  • Co-architected virtualized hosting environment utilizing HP blade servers, NETApp storage, and Cisco switching.  • Coordinated and led projects on technical program development and implementation for the Army, Navy and Air Force medical systems. Senior System Administrator and Team Lead ARGO GROUP October 1999 to October 2010 Led VMware/UNIX/Storage team and supervised 2 administrators. Responsible for architecture, project management and management of VMWARE, Unix, Linux and Storage environments throughout the U.S., Bermuda, and London. Maintained multiple SANs throughout the company with storage capacity of 225Tb. Directed company's disaster recovery efforts. Managed datacenter facilities in the U.S. and Bermuda as well as co-location contracts with multiple vendors. Managed Windows environment for 8 years.    • Originated $5 million Data Center Consolidation plan merging 17 sites in the U.S. and Bermuda into Austin, TX Data Center, generating $1 million in savings.  • Designed VMware production environment, providing standardized system and efficient operation that was central to the success of the Data Center Consolidation. Education Bachelor in Management Information Systems South University Computer Science Christopher Newport University Skills Team Management, IT Infrastructure Management, Customer Service, Cloud Computing, It Service Management, IT Strategy, Program Management, Project Management, Vendor Management, Budgeting, IT Architecture Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kencaffrey