Global IT Program Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global IT Program Manager Hamden, CT As a Motivated, detailed oriented Portfolio Manager with extensive customer service experience.  A proven performer who has demonstrated success in portfolio and program management as well as business process design and optimization while building relationships across workgroups. Dedicated team member with a reputation for creative problem solving and outstanding service.  Highly experienced professional managing globally complex technical projects, to lead diverse teams of professionals in support of business operations. Strategic thinker with experience in constructing and facilitating cohesive teams across the organization. Identifies opportunities to develop innovative and cost-effective solutions, increasing revenues and improving customer satisfaction in a 24X7 Global environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Global IT Program Manager Otis Elevator August 2018 to July 2019 August 2018 - July 2019    A global company that develops, manufactures and markets elevators, escalators, moving walkways, and related equipment.    Global IT Program Manager  • Managed the Power BI project using an agile scrum methodology this was a BI reporting project  ? Hosted daily scrum calls to manage the program and sprints acting as the scrum master  ? I hosted the sprint planning sessions with the business and digit transformation team using T-shirt sizing to manage future sprints  ? Each sprint had a retrospective to help improve future sprints  ? On this project we improved velocity of the sprints as the digital team and business became more comfortable with the tool  • Managed the integration project, which was an interface between the Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM system and the JDE ERP system using an agile scrum methodology  ? On this project I was the project manager working with the scrum master to manage issues using a RAID log to remove blockers during the project  ? I hired the Microsoft Dynamics 365 team on this project to work with the JDE team members as all other Microsoft Dynamics 365 team members were fully utilized in the core Dynamics project  • Project Governance:  ? The Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM project for Otis is a transformation project taking regional systems for CRM, field support and customer call center to an integrated global system that will allow better communication, allow managers better visibility to the pipe line and customer needs as well as real time reporting.  ? Manage third software implementor to drive software development project (SDLC) to implement Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM in the Azure cloud  ? Drove the development and execution of project plan by working with project team to define, sequence, and estimate duration of activities and determine schedules to meet project objectives and ensure the traceability of requirements through software development and into production  ? Ensures consistency and adherence to the client's standards, processes, and policies for all projects  ? Managed all aspects of the project execution including: chartering, scope definition, requirements gathering, project planning, change control, risk management.  ? Manage the identification, resolution and escalation of project risks and issues. Plan and execute project communications ensuring timely and accurate distribution of information to the senior managers. Global IT Portfolio/Program Manager Gerber Technology February 2014 to August 2018 February 2014- August 2018  A global company that provides integrated software and hardware solutions to its customers in the aerospace, construction, furniture, fashion & apparel, transportation, technical textiles, and wind energy.    Global IT Portfolio/Program Manager  • Portfolio Management  ? Oversaw the IT portfolio, monitoring projects and progress - creating a weekly report on the overall health, budget, risk, quality and resources of the project portfolio to senior managers including the C-level managers  ? Responsible for governance of IT portfolio and participate in the development of IT strategic planning sessions. Maintaining the projects and project requested list in a single view that the senior management team or any employee could view the status of existing projects with expected completion dates and budget information, projects that were requested and in the pipeline with their expected start date. Projects would be evaluated on revenue generation, expense reduction, regulation/compliance, operational efficiency, customer loyalty and keep the lights on.  ? I created the IT Project Delivery Framework which was a process that was designed to be collaborative, reliable, predictable and supports business initiatives on time, within budget and with high quality. The framework includes a defined process facilitating project request submittal, estimation, approval / funding, scheduling, risk mitigation, scope definition, development and delivery to meet business applications and systems processing requirements. Additionally, various artifacts are used in project delivery management, including: Master Project Schedule, Project Plans, Business Requirements Document, Functional Specifications, Technical Specifications, Resource Plans, Budget and Project Status Report.  ? Created and manage the Business Project Review Board /Customization Control Board creating a partnership between the different business units and IT to establish and articulate a cohesive change process to implement enterprise solutions as well as to prioritize and monitor projects submitted to IT    • 3rd party vendor management of Gerber's Application Managed Services (AMS) and the Infrastructure Managed Services (IMS) providers  ? Manage the support activities of the Application Managed Service Group to ensure that service level agreements are met or exceeded  ? Evaluated, recommended and assisted in the implementation of an Application Managed Service group  ? Manage the day to day Global operations of the SAP ERP (FICO, MM, SD, SM, ABAP) and .net application groups to meet the business requirements  ? Working with the individual business units held weekly meetings to review new and current project and ticket request, set priorities and reviewed milestone dates of each project  ? Managed, evaluated, recommended and assisted in the implementation of an Infrastructure Managed Service group (IMS)  ? Managed the cloud migration of the Gerber data center into a Public Cloud environment at SunGard  ? Met weekly with the IMS service delivery manager to review the service desk higher priority, network issues and server issues. Monthly met with the IMS team for the quarterly business review to review SLAs, and metrics for the service desk, network, servers and the SAP public cloud environment  ? Work with the Business Analysts from each module including the ABAP lead to review project and tickets, setting priorities evaluating risks in each area and removing roadblocks  ? Created and managed the resource plans for the AMS vendors assigned to projects, tickets and break fixes, aligning resources to the prioritized work. I facilitated the weekly IT management meeting to review the resource plans and project alignment.  • Project Governance:  ? Maintain customer relationships; provide business process expertise and guidance on solutions to business problems and challenges  ? Managed, evaluated, recommended and assisted in the implementation of a Global VOIP that reduced costs by 20%, while improving services  * Manage the mobile phone vendors reducing costs 15% this was later outsourced to a third party to monitor  ? Evaluated, recommended and assisted in the implementation of a credit card process that ensured that Gerber was PCI compliant  ? Participate in compiling the IT application budgets during budget season  ? Managed the resource plans for the IT department for employees and AMS, IMS contractors. Tracked Support minor changes, projects, break fixes by resource and by skill level.  ? Gerber's Software team of customer environments at AWS  * Managing the interface between AWS and SAP to control access to Gerber's software at AWS  * Implementing a third-party tool called Zuora to manage the subscriptions of Gerber's software at AWS  ? Resource management in an Agile/Scrum and Waterfall environment  • Actively manages relationships with vendors  ? Ran the discovery sessions working with the business and IT to review salesforce Configure Price Quote module and develop the ROI to be presented to Senior Management  ? Ran the fit to standard discovery of SAP S4/HANA - working with the senior managers from each business unit reviewed the SAP fit to standard questionnaire and helped them through how they used SAP today and what benefits of going to SAP S4 would mean for their departments  ? Ran the evaluation of new PC/Laptop purchases for the coming 4 years for our North America and European sites. Developing the selection criteria that included rating on service, quality, reliability, performance and price that met the business needs. The business requirements were broken down into three sub groups for the employees: one for senior managers, one for engineering and one for general population  ? I also would periodically sit on evolution from other business units to review vendors such as the quality team to evaluate a new product to support the subcontract processing done by Gerber's vendors Senior Project Manager John Ryan Company Inc April 2013 to February 2014 April 2013 - February 2014  A national construction company managing and providing construction services for national retail companies.  Senior Project Manager  • Provide strategic and tactical direction in the selection process of an ERP system to meet the customer requirements. Work with all aspects of the company to build customer roadmap in the implementation process  ? Defined the achievements of selecting an ERP system  ? Working with the business units Created the selection criteria checklist  ? Set up meetings with vendors a created meeting minutes with action items and deliverables  • Designed and implemented infrastructure solution to increase productivity and eliminating outages  • Led weekly meetings and created project schedules to implementing a cloud base system saving the company 20% in infrastructure and personnel costs  • Replaced existing Outlook with a cloud-based environment Senior Program Manager BMC Software Inc June 2010 to April 2013 June 2010 - April 2013  A global software company with more than $2.2 Billion in sales providing IT service management solutions to large enterprises.  Senior Program Manager  • An original member of the SaaS Cloud Team, hosting and managing customer's applications and projects through the Software Development Life Cycle; outlining scope, goals, deliverables, resources, budget and timing. Created project plans using MS Project and communication plans while analyzing and minimizing risk, for a variety of customers in a variety of industries. I tracked and reported project progress and milestones to project sponsors and created status reports for executives (in red yellow green format). I resolved issues and problems throughout the projects life cycle  • Manage and led a cross functional team to migrate BMC's Remedy SaaS customers to data Centers is the US and Europe at Capgemini to drive performance improvements by reducing unplanned customer outages in 6 months  ? Implement and develop project schedules, to meet critical deliverables, resource allocation plans, and other support requirements for assigned programs  ? Used an Agile/Scrum methodology to migrate customers  * The team consisted of the project sponsor, developers, testers, service delivery managers and project managers  * Using sprints of 2 to 3 weeks we would migrate a customer's environment using session-based testing to ensure that a customer's environment was ready to go live  ? Coordinate the activities of supporting project teams; tracked progress against established plan and made decisions to alter or update schedule and resource allocation to exceed product requirements and development schedule  ? Communicate program progress, escalations, and issue analysis to product stakeholders; collaborate with executive management to implement changes to resolve escalated issues. Produce solutions to ensure adherence to budget and established project roadmaps and schedules  • Developed and Chaired the Customization Review Board  ? Ensured quality guidelines and standards to meet best practices, delegating the process to a successor  ? Led weekly meetings with customers, architects, software consultants and tactical engineers to review customer requests for customizations (these global projects totaled more than $50 million)  • Created Customer Change Management process for SaaS operations  ? Created the Request for Change Process (RFC) through the software development life cycle  ? Provide direction and support to the Change Management program team  • Established and Chair Customer Service Delivery Managers Implementation Board  ? Identified program scope including goals and expected customer deliverables  ? Review activations to ensure all on-boarding project design docs are complete  ? Train the On-boarding partners in the SaaS process model Project Manager for EMC EMC March 2010 to June 2010 March 2010 - June2010  A global data storage, virtualization and cloud computing company with more than $26 Billion in sales with more than 60,000 employees worldwide.  • Project Manager for EMC  ? Led weekly meetings and created project schedules for the Vplex project  ? Produced weekly status report for project deliverable to the key project stake holders  ? Met weekly with development to review schedule and next steps to keep project on schedule IT Application/Network Manager Analog Devices Inc September 2007 to October 2009 • IT liaison managing services between corporate IT and Product Line engineers, Quality, Manufacturing and service organizations  ? Led monthly meetings with executive management reporting on metrics for Remedy help desk issues and timeliness of those issues, network LAN/WAN through put, application projects and infrastructure system availability  • Coordinate with corporate IT groups ensure timely resolution of issues  ? Developed communication process to ensure customer issues were well defined, assigned the correct priority  ? Created an escalation process to ensure that tickets were escalated in a timely manner  • Managed vendors ensuring compliance with service delivery SLA  ? Reduced annual contracts 20% through contract renegotiation Analog Devices Inc September 1995 to October 2009 with more than 8000 employees worldwide. IT Application Manager Analog Devices Inc April 2000 to September 2007 • Led an international team of 20 people to implement a data-mart for 5 Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) across the corporation  ? This was a $2 million project was critical to have a consistent view of manufacturing to the enterprise systems  ? Industry standards were used during the System Development Life Cycle to bring 5 manufacturing locations under the same reporting structure reducing costs  • Managed a team to implement a tool that interfaced between the MES system and the FAB tools the importance of this project was to limit scrapping in the FAB. Many of the factory workers were non-English speaking as their first language, managing the ability to down load manufacturing recipes and instructions eliminating operator error and improving yields. A 2% increase in yield in a semiconductor manufacturing environment yields millions of dollars in gross margin. Tools to implement this project where based on error rates on the equipment and volume of the equipment.  • Managed a team tasked with supporting a diverse customer base including semiconductor manufacturing, quality, product development, engineering, network, Human Resources, planning and service organizations  ? Program Manager, led a cross functional team in all areas of the organization  ? Managed the system interfaces to corporate planning, finance, ERP and MRP systems  ? Maintained and delivered all data and networking systems in a 7X24 environment  ? Incorporated customer requirements into annual budget and bench mark plans while aligning departmental goals with business units' strategic goals  ? Reduced costs by managing an offshore team to develop .NET applications    • Directed a Global team and implemented an electronic Environmental Health and Safety system, using the Remedy application including developing full-scale project plans and managing all phases of the development life cycle  ? This project resulted in a 20% reduction in costs for the department  ? Analog Devices earned an award from the EPA (National Environmental Performance Track) for this project  ? This application was also the main reporting system to Homeland Security from Analog Devices for hazardous materials at the Wilmington location. IT Project Manager Analog Devices Inc September 1995 to April 2000 Managed a team of developers tasked with supporting enterprise MPS, MRP and Inventory applications for the semiconductor manufacturing, quality, product development, engineering departments Support Specialist Computer Associates Inc December 1990 to September 1995 Education Bachelors of Science in Technical Management Wentworth Institute of Technology - Boston, MA Associates of Science in Electrical Engineering Bryant University - Smithfield, RI