Project Manager/ Sales Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Sales Lead Project Manager/ Sales Lead - Roeland Home Improvers Work Experience Project Manager/ Sales Lead Roeland Home Improvers - Ledgewood, NJ March 2019 to Present Produce and manage construction and home improvement projects for Commercial and Residential properties. Conduct sales presentations and property site surveys.  ? Produce project quotes and cost vs. value analysis for clients.  ? Conduct site surveys, design planning and budget creation for projects.  ? Ensure that project execution is conducted properly, within the scope and timeframe allotted.  ? Liaison for client from initiation through closure/hand-off of project completion. Project Manager/Business Engagement Manager WPP Coretech - New York, NY April 2018 to December 2018 Engage the business through the End to End Project Process. Report to the program office throughout the project including retrieval of site information from the local business and site representatives. Consolidate, prioritize and work with 3rd parties to plan and schedule all required changes to operational services in line with the agreed project demands. Manage the handover process for new/changed services/applications between Service Development and live operations in a controlled manner.  ? Execute/coordinate Project Management processes to ensure delivery, including project control, risk management, change management, issue resolution, progress reporting and project documentation in Agile Environment.  ? Work with the internal customer facing teams to co-ordinate all internal and external stakeholders' input to set up the Projects.  ? Drive the execution of project actions related to architecture and delivery standards.  ? Manage project scope and change control, escalating issues as necessary.  ? Develop excellent relationships with key internal stakeholders while working multiple projects within a predetermined schedule. Project Manager DSA Media Group - New York, NY November 2008 to February 2018 Conduct project status meetings, budgeting, and resources. Maintaining business objectives and project time frames and deliverables in accordance with project plans. Live and Managed Media Platforms. Sports and Music entertainment, Digital and Commercial. Project Manager/Technical Site Coordinator/Information Management Senior Specialist The Walt Disney Co - New York, NY September 2010 to October 2017 Lead teams of 10+ developmental, engineering, product and technical professionals in the different phases of VoIP Project Integration. Manage supplier base, internal and external resources. Created organizational process assets and led projects through Life Cycle.  ? Established new processes to reduce preparation, increase product deployment and minimize resources, adding value and improved quality to projects.  ? NManaged supplier relationships to successfully solve complex technical issues resulting in minimal business impact and increased customer satisfaction.  ? Contributed creative direction from planning to closure through post support of the Quick Base Enterprise Platform.  ? Proactively monitored business landscape and critical path to help mitigate issues.  ? Monitored and managed all resources, vendors, and third-party suppliers within each project.  ? Tracked activities against the Project Charter adhering to time lines. IT Site Manager - Project manager Coherent Inc - East Hanover, NJ March 2005 to July 2010 Provide management and support of IT Infrastructure including client support, projects and all infrastructure related initiatives for the East Hanover facility. Administer local support as well as remote for additional locations in Connecticut and California.  ? Project Manager and IT Site Manager for IT Infrastructure for an office buildout across two locations. Performed site surveys, and designed specifications for the IT Infrastructure.  ? Led Project Team from initiation, through closure and post support of the Infinity Enterprise Platform and SharePoint.  ? Technology liaison to client base for network, enterprise, and data system related platform activations.  ? Led client service team, conducting regular reviews with the goal of improving SLA's with the client.  ? Successfully initiate and implement OPA's for upgrade of WIN/Network Infrastructure.  ? Managed resources and vendors for the LAN/ Data/ Network Transformation Project Education PMP in progress Marketing and Social Media William Paterson University Skills Product lifecycle, Product lifecycle management, Project planning, Change management, Voip, Sdlc, Software lifecycle, Infrastructure management, Vmware, Data management, Enterprise application, Operations, Risk management, Vendor management, Telecom, Integration, Requirements gathering, PMP, Salesforce, RFP