Business Analyst IV Business Analyst IV Project Coordinator/ Manager/Business Analyst Charlotte, NC Internal and external support oriented professional with 10 plus years of experience across multiple industries. Functions best in fast-paced environments, demanding strong organizational and technical dexterity. Reputation for timeliness, excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills. Highly creative and process oriented in developing innovative responses to industry needs/concerns. Goal oriented with acute attention to detail Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst IV TEKSYSTEMS / SAIC - Charlotte, NC January 2019 to August 2019 • Reviewed and analyzed all vulnerability scan results to identify all not permitted technology and report findings to appropriate partners.   • Reviewed all current and existing vulnerabilities for active and acceptable remediation plans. These plans may be reviewed with LOB point of contacts, Application Owners, Risk/Compliance contacts or System Administrators.  • Proactively analyzed, monitored and tracked all not permitted technology (NPT) remediation efforts, issues, updates, provide status, ongoing reviews, exception approvals and the risk metrics across Workspace Services. Partnered with LOB points of contact, technology points of contact, and application teams to track and/or develop remediation plans for identified vulnerabilities and update the system of record with progress   • Presented key findings, progress, and all hurdles and issues to leadership on a regular basis and influence stakeholders to prioritize/execute risk management issues and drive remediation efforts. Analyst will carry out these responsibilities in collaboration with IT, business technology groups, risk partners and GIS teams across their respective LOB  Technical Project Coordinator Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC September 2016 to November 2018 2016– present Wells Fargo Tech Coordinator/ Manager (Apex Systems) Charlotte, NC   Ensured timely validation emails sent to lifecycle team members and management when escalation is needed to confirm location (sent from LCMS (Lifecycle Management System) Enterprise PC Lifecycle workflow application.   Requested ship to information from partnership support and delegates when needed on an ongoing basis based on program SLA (service level agreement).  Provided work orders to EUC (End User Computing) coordinator and technician/ vendors based on site event. Monitor and respond to the Enterprise LifeCycle mailbox on a daily basis responding within 48 hours of submission.  Edited order form and submit orders daily for equipment to be shipped based Project SLA’s (excel spread sheet generated by LCMS). Track submitted orders to ensure on time delivery and update in LCMS when needed.  · Point of contact for EUC-FIS (End User Computing – Field implementation services) techs, EUC Coordinators, PS (Partnership Support) Coordinators, LOB (Line of Business) Delegates in regards to project related tasks such as validating cube locations, configuration records, site event follow up, etc.  · Point of contact for Config Centers on submitted for pc hardware lifecycle orders  Will provide professional and courteous communication to peers, Business Partners and managers.. President Brawley Farms HOA Self Managed - Charlotte, NC September 2011 to August 2018 Appoint committees as needed.  Encouraged volunteers and monitored their progress.  Promoted a sense of community with the neighborhood.  Provided and protected confidentiality with all homeowners information.  Worked Closely with City of Charlotte, and Charlotte Police Department  Awarded $22,500 in grants from the City of Charlotte.  Managed 478 homes in 3 subdivisions.  Collaborate with Realtors, Attorneys, Brokers and Financial institutions.  Conducted monthly and annual board of directors meeting.  Provided homeowners with a website to communicate events.  Managed and Tracked $104,000 in finances and budget. Project Coordinator/ Manager Dimension Data - Charlotte, NC June 2013 to October 2016 • Worked on various projects in many capacities.  • Plan, execute, and finalize projects according to strict deadlines.  • Coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan  • Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using MS Project and Excel  • Track project milestones and deliverables via MS Excel and Oracle  • Develop and deliver progress reports, requirements documentation, and presentations  • Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project  • Establishes alliances with vendors, clients and teams ensuring expenses and invoices were submitted and paid on time. I.T. Analyst/Change & Release Management (FTE) Lowe's Companies, Inc - Mooresville, NC February 2010 to August 2013 • Served as cross-functional liaison, Project Lead for Change Management team initiatives  • Conducted Change Advisory Board meetings to have a clear understanding of the business need  • Received, validated, and processed requests for changes to IT production systems.  • Promoted a Change Management ITIL Culture to all IT groups  • Demonstrated flexibility, empowerment and teamwork think logically and creatively  • Ensured that all requests for change adhere to policies and procedures.  • Reviewed and analysis of problem and change activities in a corporate IT organization  • Identified and documented process improvements.  • Created Training Video via Business Television for all of IT.  • Managed project and change material via SharePoint document and list libraries. I.T. Professional Services Specialist Lowe's Companies, Inc - Mooresville, NC October 2009 to February 2010 • Performed on-boarding and provisioning of all external labor for IT.  • Organized resources by coordinating efforts with Data Security and Technology Deployment teams.  • Conducted weekly orientation sessions for newly on-boarded resources.  • Consulted with Vice President and Project Managers to identify resource needs and set goals. I.T. Coordinator Lowe's Companies, Inc - Mooresville, NC May 2009 to October 2009 • Served as Point of Contact for all project related release documentation within SharePoint  • Worked with Logistics and Transportation to implement new processes.  • Maintained quality service, project schedules, and working documents related to project estimates and changes in SharePoint. Project Coordinator Domtar (CIBER) - Montréal, QC February 2008 to February 2009 Montreal, Canada and Fort Mill  • Provided full PMO project support and business analysis for a complex, multi-million dollar North American technical site migration for all PC's, servers, LAN/WAN, and Blackberries from legacy to new system  • Infrastructure project. Responsible for budget, expenses, time sheets, as well as project coordination between multiple departments. The company used Clarity for time sheets management. The project consisted of the integration of over 2,600 PCs, 220 servers and multiple applications into a unified platform as well as installing new communication lines between sites both in the US and Canada. There are 57 different sites across the US and Canada that were integrated by the end of November 2008.  • Maintained, tracked and monitored key project deliverables (issues log, risk matrix, project status reports, post- project reviews, presentations, etc.).  • Tracked and maintained $20.5 million migration asset management project for multiple lines of business.  • Provided administrative and analytical support to Supply Chain Project and Program Managers. Project Manager Pace Analytical Services - Huntersville, NC March 2007 to February 2008 • Prepared routine quotations and reports for internal and external customers pertaining to water and soil samples  • Developed project initiation proposals for lab technicians, who performed the water and soil tests for the clients  • Prepared Quality Assurance requirements, plans, and set objectives.  • Adhered to state regulations and EPA regulatory standards  • Acted as a liaison between client and office team; initiated client follow-up to obtain client satisfaction and determine if they needed additional project work Project Manager Heritage Environmental, Office - Charlotte, NC October 2005 to March 2007 • Recruited office personnel, performed interviews, conducted safety and compliance training.  • Coordinated new customer credit approvals, reviewed all invoices, resolved billing discrepancies, and generated invoices to customers.  • Handled all facility billing, which included both A/R and A/P for Human Resources  • Assisted with the growth of existing portfolios, including investigating and resolving issues and efficiently managing multiple priorities  • Increased customer satisfaction; conducted database maintenance and audits; provided feedback for quality and continuous process improvement Senior Customer Service Representative Ashland Inc - Charlotte, NC December 2003 to October 2005 • Coordinated hazardous and non-hazardous waste disposition for customer's  • Processed customer orders for rendered services  • Communicated schedule LTL and Truckload Carriers to transportation managers  • Assigned purchase orders, collected past due invoices and resolved complex billing issues Education BBA in Management Strayer University - Charlotte, NC 2013 Business Administration NC A&T State University - Greensboro, NC 2007 to 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (3 years), Project Coordination (6 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Community Relations (5 years), Sharepoint (8 years), reme (5 years), Oracle (3 years), Quickbooks (5 years), ITIL (3 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Webex (5 years), Expense Reports (5 years), Vendor Management (3 years), Change Management (3 years), Event Planning (5 years), Lotus Notes (4 years), Asset Management (2 years), Notary Public (2 years), Budgeting (5 years), testing, access, MS Office, Time Management, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/reneedoggett Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Customer Service Skills — Highly Proficient November 2018 Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/i8vea8wfztyzs-cc Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills Inventory  Microsoft: Visio Pro, Word, Access, Excel, Project, PowerPoint  Content Management: MS SharePoint  Adobe: Photoshop, Acrobat Professional  HP Quality Center  Test Director  BMC Remedy Client 7.0, 7.6/Clarity  Telnet Mainframe    Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX  Deloitte Eroom  Sales Force  Great Plains  PeopleSoft  SAP  Oracle, Webex, GoToMeeting, Skype  AS400/QuickBooks Pro 2015