Senior Program Manager - PMO and Project Delivery Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> - PMO and <span class="hl">Project</span> Delivery Associate Director IT Program / Project Management ----- Senior Level Program and Project Leader with over 20 years of hands on experience in a wide variety of industries, technologies, and international locations. Strong background in program and project management, managing complex IT implementation projects, providing quality service and driving process improvements. Academic background includes Bachelors in physics and micro computing and Masters in Networks Engineering. Technologies include Hybrid Cloud Solutions, Cloud Security Assessment, SaaS and PaaS roll out, LAN/WAN technologies, IP Telephony, Market Data Infrastructure.    Held management responsibilities for 44+ multicultural employees and sub-contractors.    Liaison between C-level executives, clients, technical teams, vendors, and partners,  communicating the project vision, strategy, status updates and mitigation of risks.     Provided thought leadership on strategy and implementation of best practices at PMO level.    Experienced in managing the scope, budget, and risks of complex IT projects.     Managed Portfolio’s exceeding $10M+ in budget.     Fluent in English and French Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Program Manager - PMO and Project Delivery Cloud Technology Partners, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company - Chapel Hill, NC February 2018 to Present Helping companies move to Cloud (public or private), innovate on Cloud, and operate the Cloud.  Projects examples:    Banking  Initiate the Waterfall to Agile transformation of the IT department while thinking up ways to integrate the relevant regulatory-driven controls.    Energy Company  Conduct the Cloud Transformation Maturity Assessment (CTM) to create the roadmap and corresponding baseline epics and stories and conduct the TCO analysis allowing Customer predict and plan costs of operating the cloud after the transformation journey is complete. Program Manager - PMO and Project Delivery TenFour - Morristown, NJ March 2017 to February 2018 Lead the construction and implementation of TenFour’ brand new Project Management Office.    • Introduce and promote new key artifacts to enhance support of key project lifecycle activities such as project start, project completion, reporting, and project change management  • Create the reference documents (Plans, Scope Documents) supporting TenFour' reference architectures and allowing the implementation of IT infrastructure as a service  • Conduct the market study and selection of a project management platform to address TenFour' most compelling challenges  • Develop automated reporting and dashboards from SmartSheet allowing for more efficient packaging and dissemination of status information at project, program, and portfolio level Associate Director IT Program / Project Management KPMG US March 2015 to February 2017 Manage the Project Delivery pillar in the KTech Management / Operations group, effectively gathering and understanding client requirements, and ensuring that the vision is clear and that project goals are met or exceeded.    Responsible for a team of project managers and business analysts conducting multiple projects concurrently to support IT operations as well as Project and Portfolio Management Office (PPMO) operations.  Partner with other pillars of PPMO to promote and implement Tools and Reporting, Process and Standard, and Investment Governance.  Liaise with the business to manage priorities, set expectations and handle budget changes/re-allocations as required.   Responsible for governance processes including preparing projects for gate approvals and budget change requests.  Promote and ensure timely and correct utilization of PPMO reporting tools (PlanView and   Sharepoint).  Direct management of strategic projects primarily SaaS roll out or Cloud based systems upgrades.    Key Projects and Accomplishments:  Implemented Apptio, the leading Cloud based Technology Business Management platform (TBM), providing IT cost transparency and IT chargeback system (BoIT) enabling the COO to identify and achieve greater profitability.  Developed a financial interface for PlanView financial reporting with the goal to harness actual project costs from various sources (such as G/L) and automate the entries in PlanView. Project resulted in increased data integrity and significantly reduced the time required on a monthly basis to enter expenses in PlanView.  Successfully managed the 2015 and 2016 Town Hall events: recipient of the CIO Encore award both times.  Conducted the case study to present the Team with the AWS Cloud based services to consider for FY17. Head of IT Infrastructure Project Management Portfolio Thomson Reuters September 2014 to February 2015 • Manage the Portfolio supporting the technology requirements for Internal Product Projects (such as Thomson Reuters Hosting Services) and for offices that were opening, closing, and/or relocating to other Thomson Reuters locations.    Liaison for all Business Units and Real Estate Heads to identify, prioritize, and plan for worldwide project management support to handle all of the IT aspects of any given site migration or site build out: LAN/WAN, IP Telephony, etc.  Responsible for a team of 9 senior project managers strategically located in the Americas, EMEA, and Asia.  Administered a pipeline of roughly 60 projects simultaneously for a total budget of $10M.  Assisted Business Units in their business cases by providing technology preliminary budget figures, timelines, risks, and dependencies.  Worked in concert with PMO to promote and ensure team members understanding and adherence to corporate processes and corporate tools throughout the project delivery which provided clear visibility on portfolio status at all times.    Key Projects and Accomplishments:  Consolidation of Data Centers in London to reduce footprint and achieve cost savings  Implemented a cross shadowing plan to partner Project Managers from different regions which resulted in reduced customer response times, improved time management and a more balanced workload.  Increased Clarity reporting tools adoption and accuracy: The Team went from a monthly 75% score in project status accuracy and availability in Clarity to close to 100%.  Only IT Team Member identified as “Rising Talent” in the 9-box Leadership Bench Strength Map for 2014. Senior Project Manager Thomson Reuters - New York, NY December 2012 to September 2014 Manage several projects concurrently in different time zones and to support Collaboration, Analytics and IT Infrastructure initiatives.    Identified and engaged stakeholders across varying groups from Internal Resources (Engineering, Architecture), Business Units (Financial and Risk, Tax and Accounting) and 3rd party vendors (Verizon, AT&T, Level 3, and NetApp).   Clarify scope, create plan, identify risks and conduct and administer procurement to ensure proper cost center allocation.    Key Projects and Accomplishments:  Successfully delivered the Paris Haussman project. The largest cost saving initiative and site consolidation reducing space from six floors to two. Completed the consolidation of the server room, the telecom links, PBX, cabling, News media infrastructure within cost and on schedule.  Volunteered to handle the PAN TR Data Analytics initiative. Key initiative selected out of the 2014 Enterprise Innovation Workshop with the purpose of sharing select data depicting deals that have recently closed (TR Sales Resource, product sold, value of deal, etc.) to be used by Analytic teams within each BU to enhance cross-sell/up-sell propensity models.  Promoted to Head of Portfolio. Service Operations Manager and Senior Project Manager Alliant Technologies August 2005 to November 2012 Promoted to Service Operations Manager (SOM) after 4 years of serving as a Senior Project Manager. The SOM acted as the Business Relationship Manager, Engagement Manager and Senior Project Manager. Alliant is a leader in scalable continuous infrastructure service (CIS): with CIS, IT is consumed as a utility with the option to have core functions in the Cloud.    Key Projects and Accomplishments:  Key contributor in developing Alliant’ hybrid cloud based Cisco IP Telephony offering.  As a Consultant at Liquidnet: Successfully implemented Thomson Reuters’ Market Data Entitlements Solution (DACS) and migrated two Data Centers from AT&T to Equinix in VA and NJ. Liquidnet is a leading institutional marketplace allowing highly efficient trades between the “buy side” and the “sell side”. Education Masters in Networks Engineering Aix-Marseille II University Bachelor's in Physics and Micro-computing Aix-Marseille II University Military Service Branch: Army (Combat Engineer) Service Country: France Rank: Lieutenant Certifications/Licenses PMP CSM CSPO ITIL v3 LSAIPC AWS Business Professional