IT and Services Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> and Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Consultant North Yarmouth, ME Accomplished senior executive and information technology professional with key strengths in:  • Demonstrated ability to build and guide teams in developing and managing IT-based business solutions to meet sophisticated informational needs.  • Proven history of exceeding customer/user performance requirements in competitive, global markets.  • Skilled in strategic planning, budget development/control, business development, marketing, and sales.  • Strong experience with NERC CIPs, ISO900x, PCI, and SAS70 compliance and auditing.  • Experienced management of diverse teams of development and administrative organizations locally and out-sourced offshore assets.  • Operations management and 24/7/365 support services. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT and Services Manager Turbine Controls & Excitation Group, Inc. - Yarmouth, ME March 2015 to Present Responsible for the support and technology needs for the Company. This company operates worldwide at a moment’s notice, and I am required to support field engineers with technology and experience with legacy systems at all hours of the day and night. In addition to support concerns I also have been involved in multiple projects to replace existing legacy control systems with virtual and redundant solutions for bulk power system providers, along with infrastructure replacement and training for site engineers. The compact administrative offices and engineers operating remotely in countries around the world depend upon my ability to resolve equipment and software issues both for staff and client alike. Other projects such as network assessments and inventories, systems consulting, and remote support are within my list of responsibility. I fully support Android and iOS mobile devices, along with current and legacy Windows systems. I also define and support VOIP solutions and other software systems necessary for day-to-day operations. In addition to my technology responsibilities I am also responsible for supporting the field engineers with logistical and project support, and provide quotes and service estimates to customers.  IT Manager Casco Systems, LLC - Cumberland, ME March 2015 to February 2019 Responsible for all technology improvements to systems and infrastructure at multiple locations. I am responsible for providing and supporting technology for administrative and field staff, as well as field locations in New York and Idaho. Recently completed design, build and deployment of new data center in new office building for Company. This project in particular highlighted many major skills including project management, IT infrastructure design, development, and deployment. It showcased my ability to work with vendors, staff, and contractors to complete this major project that took over eighteen months from design to completion. I worked with over a dozen vendors to coordinate the completion and successful move and integration of legacy equipment into the new state of the art facility. Other projects accomplished during my tenure include the full upgrade and/or replacement of equipment for field teams necessary to accomplish their tasks, replacement of existing networking infrastructure with current equipment and software, and stabilization of network communications. I also deployed new HelpDesk concepts, as well as a new CRM system initially run organically and ultimately moved to a cloud environment. I replaced an antiquated phone system with a VOIP system designed to be used both in the office or in the field and upgraded cellular services for staff to allow remote data and voice communications utilizing IOS -based equipment. All systems and procedures are upgraded or replaced in order to adhere to existing NERC (North American Electric Reliability Corporation) standards as they apply to vendors and contractors for bulk power systems. I completed an audit/inventory project for a large bulk power supplier where I visited and inventoried existing addressable technology as an initial NERC audit for CIPs 3 - 14 and provided detailed reports with photographic evidence of compliance and and/or potential violations. A part of my employment at Casco stipulates 40% of my time be dedicated to a partner company (Turbine Controls & Excitation Group, Inc.) for their support and technology needs. This company operates worldwide at a moment's notice, and I am required to support field engineers with technology and experience with legacy systems at all hours of the day and night. In addition to support concerns I also have been involved in multiple projects to replace existing legacy control systems with virtual redundant solutions for bulk power system providers, along with infrastructure replacement and training for site engineers. IT Manager Lucas Tree Experts, Inc - Falmouth, ME 2013 to 2015 Lead Information Technology division of Lucas Tree Experts, a 500+ employee company that provides utility and residential tree services from Nova Scotia to Tennessee. As the Manager of IT, I was responsible for all communications technology between field offices and mobile staff to the central headquarters, as well as the day to day operations of the Administrative and Logistical teams.  My role as IT Manager had me supporting 100+ technology-users, plus another 300+ cellular users. Our data-center was maintained locally and had to be updated immediately upon my arrival to support the growing technological needs of the Company.    Projects:  • Initiated Cloud services adoption by moving first to Google Apps for a year, and from there into Office 365 when Google Apps proved insufficient in its current form for compliance and tracking issues.  • Virtualized and upgraded Terminal Servers into Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) servers, increasing storage and performance to support ongoing growth initiatives.  • Initiated and coordinated development with outsourcing partner of Mobile App designed to automate the Payroll, Equipment, Evaluation and Safety processes of field staff, while providing Management with real-time data on employee and equipment usage and location.  • Upgraded critical ERP systems to support the new architecture and allow Administrative users to take full advantage of the full suite of modules previously unavailable.  • Integrated numerous external data sources with internal management reporting, ultimately providing an online dashboard of pre-defined reports securely available for field supervisors and managers.    • Installed and configured new servers to replace obsolete equipment and systems not protected by server-class hardware and infrastructure.  • Negotiated and contracted for new image-based backup solution for virtual and physical servers. Deployed solution with immediate successful implementation when financial files were 'misplaced'.  • Negotiated and contracted with mobile device management solution provider to provide greater control of deployed cellular equipment.  • Negotiated and contracted with cellular providers to upgrade full fleet of cellular devices in both Canada and the United States to smartphones from the previous basic flip-style phones to modern Android smart-devices.    Additional duties involved the physical safety and security of the primary Maine locations, plus the responsibility for phone systems, facsimile, printing, and credit card processing systems.  During my tenure with Lucas Tree, I was closely involved with a senior management initiative to sponsor the Maine representation of athletes and coaching staff of Special Olympians to the 2014 Summer Games in New Jersey. Through our efforts, we raised well over the designated amount required to fund this amazing initiative.  I personally was involved in the technology side of this initiative, and provided numerous fund-raising websites and printed materials, plus on-site technology and imaging support for our major fundraising events. Project Manager SystemArchitecture.NET - Windham, ME 2011 to 2013 Provide leadership and guidance to technical teams engaged in support and project work for a wide variety of clients. Manage projects to deploy new servers and systems, networks, and critical upgrade projects. Work with customers with challenging needs and requirements to develop e-commerce solutions, and to ensure accuracy and reliability of developed software and systems, plus the deployment and support of those systems. I also engage in technical sales support, as well as infrastructure assessment and proposal generation for delivery and presentation to our clients.  My role consists of the planning, execution, and finalizing projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan. I also maintain visibility into completed projects to ensure quality control throughout its life cycle.    Projects:  • Local Multi-branch Credit Union: Analyze, specify, plan and deliver new virtual environment to replace existing, obsolete equipment. Recover crashed domain controller and minimize staff down-time. Customers were unaware of failed equipment.  • Multi-Location Elder Care Facility: Analyze, specify, deploy virtual server environment capable of running any/all existing legacy servers in the event of a failure. Total transition to virtual environment scheduled for later in the year.  • Local Municipality Support Agency: Managed project to move data center to new location while minimizing down-time for staff and clients. Designed new data center, and coordinated all vendor activity before and during move.    Additional duties include management of Software Quality Assurance and Testing, and management of Network Operations Center and Staff: providing real-time support and monitoring for SystemArchitecture.NET customers.  SystemArchitecture.NET customers scale from large financial institutions to small medical offices, from municipalities to national software customers ranging in size from 5 to 500 sites. Technical Services Manager Ship-Right Solutions - South Portland, ME 2010 to 2011 Responsible for day-to-day operation of all hardware and software systems. Managed Operations staff in daily performance of assigned duties such as order processing, credit card and check processing, and data reporting. Ensured full PCI compliance in areas of credit card information stored on supported server farm.  Managed a diverse team of development and network management staff to provide sales and processing data, along with demographic reporting to Direct Marketing customers. Developed robust backup and reporting systems to ensure fulltime availability of data. Coordinated with external vendors and customers to integrate internal systems with vendor systems and oversaw the transition from legacy Order Management System to a newer state of the art system. Established security systems to support requirements of high-value products and services. Partnered with software and hardware vendors to upgrade or replace existing systems. Managed developers upgrading Access-based programs into .Net applications with Sql Server database backend. Guided and encouraged the upgrade of existing systems to newer technologies. Collaborated with Client Services to ensure customers received the experience and data expected on a timely basis. Systems Manager, Integrated Capabilities Development Unum - Portland, ME 2008 to 2009 Directly managed software analysis and development team of 7 full-time systems consultants and systems analysts focused on the Quote and Proposal. In addition, I managed an additional 11 project leaders, systems analysts and systems consultants located in both Portland and Chattanooga, TN. Supplementing my team were 11 local contractors, and up to 20 off shore contractors. Provided career guidance and goal management for the team and defined corporate bonus structure as indicated by performance reviews.    Projects:  • Led Work Environment Survey Results team for Integrated Capabilities Development (ICD), and reported directly to Unum IT senior management on results summaries. Led a team to develop action items designed to address items identified within the survey results as areas for improvement and recommended corporate policy changes as indicated within the results.  • Responsible for coordinating with production support team (Application Managed Services: AMS) in both Portland and Chattanooga. Established new protocols and procedures for production support working across business partners and AMS, plus utilizing members of my team for 24x7 support.  • Established a new on-call rotation for my team, as well as the additional resources shared on the Quote & Proposal team. This new rotation was required due to recent changes in company policy on support, combined with new support software. I was an early adopter of the new support software and worked closely with the Incident Management Team to troubleshoot the implementation of this software internally at Unum.  • Led multiple projects to convert existing systems developed in obsolete technologies to .Net technologies employing Agile methodologies.  • Led project to enhance customer identification (Prospect ID) across all Unum software applications. Project used scrum methodologies and procedures and was deployed on-time with minimal disruption to the over 200 applications used within Unum affected or not by this change.  • Recently completed 13-month management training designed to prepare a manager for senior position. Senior Manager, Voyager Division Boston Communications Group, Inc - Westbrook, ME 2004 to 2007 Manage division with approximately 35 staff, providing development and support for account management services for wireless communications carriers. Participate in corporate policy development/planning and articulate corporate vision/policies within recently acquired Voyager Division. Formulate and control multi-million dollar budget, ensuring compliance with corporate budget targets.    Operations:  Oversee teams of developers and operations staff in continued development and usage of Voyager billing, Point of Sale, and collections software for the wireless industry. Design and implement architecture hardware and networking services to support base of up to one million subscribers, with full replication and redundant UNIX-based frame relay and Internet enabled systems in multiple locations for distributed wireless carriers. Support legacy systems located at carrier sites and provide full management services to new carriers, providing ability to grow subscriber-bases swiftly and seamlessly. Manage support agreements with technology vendors and negotiate technology maintenance contracts.    • Maintained excellence in customer relations for legacy and new customers, consistently exceeding service level agreement performance requirements and developing plan to provide 24/7 hardware and software support.  • Exceeded customer billing performance requirements for timeliness and accuracy to integrate data from up to 30 different style vendors to support new carrier concept (Mobile Virtual Network Operator), which added subscribers at over 1500 per day in first year.  • Collaborated with Sales to facilitate acquisition of 3 major customers through technical sales presentations and business analysis to assist customers in improving operations.  • Served on executive level Technology Security & Advancement Committee to develop corporate policy regarding Internet and information security.  • Ensured corporate adherence to Sarbanes Oxley processes within billing services provided to wireless carriers. Performed numerous audits to ensure compliance, and successfully provided audit data to external auditors as requested.    Management:  Supervise, train, and evaluate up to 60+ programmers plus additional 30+ offshore staff, operations staff, and technical support staff. Participated in recent company down-sizing initiatives    • Articulated new corporate expectations, integrating two cultures and initiating performance indicator and incentive systems.  • Served on executive level Human Resources and Wellness Committees to develop corporate policy. President/CEO Mopang, Inc - Falmouth, ME 1999 to 2004 Founded and managed software development and systems consulting company, serving several industries, with emphasis on insurance. Defined corporate vision, developed business and marketing plans, controlled budget, and organized operations, including staffing and facility design. Oversaw new product development, focusing on creation of custom client-server software applications supporting multiple relational database engines. Led teams of developers as they learned to deploy new .Net concepts to existing systems. Defined client needs, made sales presentations, conducted client training, and provided extensive sales follow-up, including mission-critical hardware/software support to clients on 24/7 basis. Selected, supervised, trained, coached, and evaluated up to 16 programmers, 6 subcontractors, and several administrative staff.    • Built client base to over 35 customers, realizing revenues of $1.5M annually within two-year period.  • Implemented over 50 new enterprise management systems and developed, sold, and supported over two dozen related applications, including the Phoenix(TM) system, customized software for the insurance industry.  • Provided contractual IT consultation to reinsurance firm, including network service administration and Web site development. Senior Implementation Support Engineer Allenbrook, Inc - Portland, ME 1989 to 1999 1995-99.  Led implementation and customer support team of 40 for software development company. Provided technical support to sales staff, analyzed client IT resources, formulated cost proposals, and designed customized client networks in preparation for installation of Phoenix(TM) software. Scheduled and led teams to handle on-site installations, system integration, and ongoing support. Selected, supervised, trained, and evaluated staff.    • Consistently exceeded client expectations in resolving associated networking and system issues. Efforts resulted in over 100 letters of commendation.    Programmer, 1993-95.  Developed integrated enterprise management applications using Centura Software's SqlWindows development suite. Applications currently in use as part of Phoenix(TM) Policy Builder application.    Assistant to the President, 1989-93.  Coordinated internal IT issues, including hardware and software selection during company's start-up phase. Managed Human Resources and Recruited and made hiring recommendations for initial staff of over 30. Education Psychology/English University of Maine - Orono, ME Skills .net (8 years), auditing. (7 years), budget. (10+ years), business development (10+ years), Centura (10+ years), Citrix (10+ years), Java (Less than 1 year), Marketing (6 years), Microsoft access (10+ years), Microsoft office (10+ years), Microsoft project (10+ years), Microsoft visio (10+ years), Microsoft visual basic (5 years), Ms office (10+ years), off shore (4 years), operations (10+ years), Payment card industry (4 years), Pci (4 years), solutions (10+ years), Unix (4 years), Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Vmware, SQL, Customer Service, Active Directory, exchange, Disaster Recovery, IOS Management (10+ years), IT Management, VoIP, Excel, Vendor Management Certifications/Licenses Driver's License