PROJECT LEAD <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> LEAD PROJECT LEAD - ARRINMARC RENOVATIONS LLC Snellville, GA A multi-skilled project management professional experience and excellent knowledge of business and project handling. Able to manage stakeholder expectations and willing to take full responsibility for delivering project objectives. Ability to plan, organize, implement and monitor assignments, manage time, meet deadlines and respond to changing priorities and circumstances. Work Experience PROJECT LEAD ARRINMARC RENOVATIONS LLC - Snellville, GA August 2017 to Present • Provide clients with a wide variety of high-quality services relating to residential upgrades, installations and repairs.  • Confer with clients to determine their specific renovation requirements.  • Create cost estimates for each renovation project and obtain clients' approval.  • Meticulously handle budget estimation and cost control.  • Coordinates sub-contractors to complete renovations within time and budget.  • Maximizes worksite productivity through open communication.  • Track project phases to ensure completion within established budgets and timeframes.  • Procurement of construction materials.  • Create and process bills for services rendered and follow up on payments.  • Developed sales and marketing plans and programs for company sales personnel.  • Excellent organizational, presentation and negotiation skills.  • Follow all safety procedures.  • Perform surveys of buildings (interior/exterior) to determine material required and workers needed. SERVICE DELIVERY COORDINATOR CENTRICSIT LLC - Norcross, GA February 2015 to March 2019 • Maintained Support of Data Center Hardware.  • Procured logistic partners globally and schedule installation of parts after receipt.  • Worked with Field Engineers and Service Partners to meet customers' objectives.  • Coordinated, diagnosed, provided phone support and dispatch parts to client sites.  • Notified clients of dispatch and coordinated onsite visit with Engineer to client sites.  • Documented all activity in our online service portal ensured that others follow the activities.  • Organized response effort for critical incidents.  • Coordinated customer communications for critical and high incidents. CONTRACTOR WAYSYS LLC - Buckhead, GA February 2017 to April 2017 • Facilitated and coordinated and provided oversight for site access request supporting the Regional Operations Manager.  • Provided timely project status updates to the Regional Operations Manager.  • Identified and worked to remove barriers and provide status reports.  • Validated and Coordinated site access requirements for all access requested.  • Gathered all project information: schedules, data requests, assignments, tasks, and project meetings.  • Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. MANAGING MEMBER NETWORK TUESDAY - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to April 2015 • Assisted individuals with developing new career strategies and mentoring.  • Provided supported, feedback and coached individuals who are in career transition.  • Excellent organizational, presentation and negotiation skills.  • Help clients learn job search skills, such as interviewing and networking.  • Assisted individuals with networking and career exploration by offering job leads and contact information. IT PROJECT COORDINATOR ERICSSON INC - Atlanta, GA August 2011 to March 2014 • Procured qualified vendors to work on projects as appropriate.  • Supported project managers and technicians in major nationwide deployment of Sprint Capacity Add Project (Carrier Adds, Augments, T-1 installations, Decommissions).  • Supported Field Service Operation (FSO) with establishment of new cell site locations and Cell Site Maintenance (CSM) and tower crew.  • Provided status inquiry for Work Order activities, Service Level Agreement (SLA) violations.  • Exceeded 96% SLA (service level agreement) by providing administrative and operational support to (FSO) using the following technologies; CDMA, iDEN, Lucent, Nortel Clearwire, and Netvision wireless technologies on the Sprint/Nextel Network.  • Confirmed Radio Frequency, Clearwire, Virtual/Physical Switch, Wireline and Trans-Ops obligations are met.  • Managed vendor relationships with AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, Local Exchange Carriers and third-party vendors.  • Tracked the completion of assigned task provided to field technicians.  • Coordinated corrective, preventative, planned and implementation projects with local area managers and field technicians. SALES CONSULTANT AT&T INC - Conyers, GA July 2008 to June 2011 • Exceeded monthly sales objectives of $6000, as well as provided quality customer care.  • Monitored cash flow projections and report actual cash flow and variance to senior management monthly.  • Employed Wireless Account Analysis and consultative approach to assist customers in finding solutions and addressing their diverse needs  • Managed project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, scope, quality, resources and risk.  • Maintained up-to-date knowledge of AT&T Wireless products and services by analyzing the latest market trends and applying exemplary skills and knowledge. PROJECT MANAGER AUS INFORMATION SYSTEM - Duluth, GA February 2005 to June 2008 • Executed, monitored and controlled, schedules, funding, procedures for accomplishing project staffing requirements on various phases of projects during major deployment such as Adecco, UPS, Chipotle, Performance Bike Shop.  • Lead Project Manager on Performance Bike Shop Expansion new stores nationwide expansion $500,000.  • Monitored cash flow projections and report actual cash flow and variance to senior management monthly.  • Defined the scope of the project in collaboration with senior management.  • Developed or updated project plans for information technology projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.  • Created Work Breakdown Structure (WBS) which identifies and sequences the activities needed.  • Determined the resources (time, money, equipment, etc.) required to complete projects.  • Developed schedule for project completion that effectively allocates the resources to the activities.  • Procured qualified subcontractors to perform various technical requirements as needed.  • Managed project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, scope, quality, resources and risk.  • Monitored and controlled project milestones and deliverables.  • Mitigate risks.  • Prepared project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. TECHNICAL SUPPORT L2 COVAD COMMUNICATIONS INC - Herndon, VA June 2004 to January 2005 • Provided 2nd and 3rd level support for Wide Area Network and Local Area Network connectivity.  • Assessed customers concern and served as a triage for incoming troubles reported to the Connection Services Group.  • Remotely configured customers' routers, upgraded firmware, port mapping and worked troubles tickets to resolution.  • Manually rebuilt, modified or changed assigned Permanent Virtual Circuits' on Digital Subscriber Line circuits.  • Interpreted Harris & Turnstone loop test problems on SDLS, IDSL, ASDL loops.  • Interfaced with varies ILECs to ensure line continuity, throughput and data integrity.  • Monitored DS3 backhaul circuits for ATM traffic, DSLAM, xDSL, DMT4 and ports and cards.  • Monitored, troubleshot and optimized configurations on routers and BPX ATM switches, Cisco MGX Frame Relay switches by determining the routers and bridges connections, line errors and utilization.  • Proficient in relevant PC, LAN, WAN, router and network configurations and functionality. PROJECT COORDINATOR COVAD COMMUNICATIONS INC - Herndon, VA May 2000 to June 2004 • Proficient in relevant PC, LAN, WAN, router and network configurations and functionality.  • Scheduled installations and dispatch for customers requiring onsite troubleshooting.  • Distributed tasks to Field Support Technicians to maximize their work schedules and adjust their daily workload.  • Cooperative tested with Technicians at customers' site on router configurations and continuity of customers' loop.  • Supported the Field Operation Managers and Customer Operations to meet the organization's Service Level Agreement efficiently.  • Initiated scheduling and rescheduling as necessary; re-distributed tasks for technicians, maximized and adjusted daily workload, facilitated same day scheduling and escalations.  • Assumed role of Dispatch Lead when management was unavailable and resolve escalated issues. Education MASTER in PROJECT MANAGEMENT KELLER SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT - Atlanta, GA 2014 BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in NETWORK & COMMUNICATION DEVRY UNIVERSITY - Alexandria, VA 2004 ASSOCIATE OF ARTS in INTERIOR DESIGN FASHION INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - New York, NY 1994 Skills Excellent written, Written and verbal, Microsoft office, Documentation, Salesforce, RFP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sandraedwards1 Additional Information SKILLS  • Adaptability  • Analytical Skills  • Excellent written and verbal communication    • Project Management Software  • Microsoft Office  • Documentation