IT Business Analyst II <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst II IT Business Analyst II - THE ADECCO GROUP Loudon, TN Experienced and impactful Business Analyst with more than 15 years of IT experience working in customer interfacing roles. I am an energetic self-starter with strong analytical, organizational, and troubleshooting skills as well as excellent oral and written communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Analyst II THE ADECCO GROUP 2017 to Present • Document business requirements.  • Translate requirement specifications into test plans for new integrations.  • Provide project support for development personnel as new functions/processes are designed, written, tested and implemented.  • Manage User Acceptance Testing and log defects in ALM.  • Troubleshoot web-based application problems and perform analysis of product capabilities.  • Create system documentation for internal use and end-user reference.  • Write SQL queries to pull specific data as required by the business.  • Manage multiple projects at the same time.  • Serve as liaison between the end user and the vendor in troubleshooting problems.  • Handle escalated issues from users with minimal assistance. Senior Accounts Receivable Specialist GE CAPITAL 2015 to 2016 • Managed the GE Transportation accounts portfolio with a value of over $1 billion in sales.  • Responsible for collections and dispute resolution.  • Maintained open communication between clients and customers to ensure goals were met and aligned while focusing on current balances and decreasing past dues.  • Monitored account receivables for accuracy in both Oracle and SAP. IT Knowledge and Quality Manager HEWLETT PACKARD 2009 to 2014 • Supported the IT Help Desk in managing new projects and creating training material.  • Partnered with advanced support teams to build the IT knowledge database for improved customer support.  • Managed IT Help Desk complaints and escalations related specifically to ticket handling.  • Assisted Problem Managers with root cause analysis.  • Maintained the North American and Asia Pacific Region service request catalog.  • Managed approval workflow information for service request catalogs. IT Knowledge and Project Manager ALCATEL-LUCENT 2006 to 2009 • Managed and maintained the knowledge database consisting of over 4200 Tier 1 support documents.  • Partnered with knowledge vendors in converting data into best practice models.  • Created and maintained Knowledge Management process documentation.  • Project managed IT Help Desk improvement plan and initiatives.  • Project managed help desk migrations from Australia/New Zealand and Canada.  • Reviewed over 500 returned trouble tickets weekly for quality and routing accuracy.  • Developed 20+ reports for metrics using Crystal Reports and MS Access. IT Tier 1 Case Analyst LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 2003 to 2006 • Provided first level customer support for over 200 Applications, EUS, and Infrastructure.  • Troubleshot application and infrastructure problems.  • Assisted in reviewing support and Standard Operating Procedures documentation.  • Held roles as shift / training lead. Lab Engineer / Senior Technical Associate LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 1997 to 2003 • Troubleshot the 5ESSTM Switching System and resolved hardware and data problems.  • Installed new hardware and ran diagnostics to verify functionality.  • Downloaded and upgraded software for 7 R/E hardware (i.e. GX550s, MGPs, LAGs, etc).  • Defined and implemented procedures to recover PSAX CPUs with corrupt OS Software.  • Supported lab users in 35+ test environments in a team effort as Tier 2 contact.  • Administered LANs including multi-vendor hubs and routers (CISCO 7500).  • Gained expertise in administering Windows 95/98/NT and Sun Solaris 2.6 systems.  • Installed a Quadritek IP Management System (DNS Server) to manage lab network.  • Coordinated with Software Development Teams supporting 1A ESS with modification requests/code changes. Education Master of Science in Telecommunication Systems Management DePaul University Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering Technology DeVry Institute of Technology Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Illinois Skills Sql, Ms office, Organizational skills, Coaching, Metrics, Time management, Written and verbal, Problem-solving Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/doreenacash Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  Communication: Written and verbal, Cross-cultural, Communicating via electronic media  Analytical: Problem-solving, Troubleshooting, Data and metrics interpreting  Management: Time management, Project management, Organizational skills  Leadership: Collaboration, Coaching, Critical thinking  Technical: MS Office, Google Drive, Spreadsheets, SQL