Senior IT Program Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Program Manager - PCN Strategies Columbia, MD Work Experience Senior IT Program Manager PCN Strategies - Washington, DC April 2019 to Present Senior Technical Program Manager for the Department of Healthcare Finance PMO-CIO office. Facilitate support for the management and operations of CIO Projects and Programs for Medicaid, immigrant children, State Child Health insurance program and Medical Charities. Create processes and procedures for an Agile Systems Development Life Cycle. Oversee a portfolio of over 10+ projects and their strategic guidance, vision strategy and execution. Lead program integration across task areas, groups, and functional/technical teams and delegates administrative, financial coordination. Plan, organize and oversee quality and control risks and monitoring performance across the department. Oversee and manage 8 developers and promote effective teamwork, communication, collaboration and commitment across multiple IT groups, with competing priorities. Manage and create project plans to include the Data Warehouse (new and future) and Center for Medicaid Medicare Policies and procedures. Executes standard processes, to include staffing process, performance plans and career growth. Corporate Trainer Net Vision Resources - Herndon, VA June 2018 to March 2019 Lead Agile Product Workshop facilitator at Northrop Grumman for the Social Security Administration (SSA)- new branch of training required all 27+ product teams (release trains) across the agency. Deliver workshops to SSA Executives, Project Managers, Product and Dev Ops teams to include targeted Agile workshops and boot camps on Product Agile methodology. Plan and create customized courses to include Project Management for Managers, Product Team Fundamentals, Design & Innovative Thinking, Business Modeling Design, Effective Communications and Product Leadership for Executives. Launched a JIRA and Confluence digital site for the Northrop Grumman product team for over 25+ Projects. Collaborated with SSA Agile Center of Excellence to defines strategic objectives, monitoring and execution for enterprise-wide large Agile software and digital technology development. Mentored Project teams on test automation practices and provided consistent guidance on tools and methods for testing using the cloud.  • Trained over 20+ Product teams and delivered weekly brown bags to all SSA employees on the Product Lifecycle. Project Manager Smart Solutions, Squires Group - Annapolis, MD November 2017 to June 2018 Oversaw 7 Magento & WordPress web developers, on a daily basis, for Web E-commerce company. Implemented new processes and created workflow for all projects. Directed all scrum activities while managing vendors during daily stand ups, scheduled meetings, customer review sessions and demos for websites projects. Coached teams on using JIRA/Confluence and Service desk and the use of Kanban and Sprint processes and procedures. Led JIRA and Confluence administration daily using AWS EC2, Liquid Web and Cloudfare. Supervised multiple concurrent web development projects (including international vendors) from planning to execution. Planned deployments and performed release management for all web projects (Magento, Salesforce, Word Press).  • Build credibility, establish rapport and maintain communications with stakeholders at multiple levels, including those external to the organization. Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master First Book - Washington, DC June 2016 to November 2017 Managed IT infrastructure projects for First Book E-commerce Marketplace using Magento, AWS, WordPress, Squarespace, Salesforce cloud and Convio. Mentor, train and direct team of 12 employees and vendors and managed IT Canadian Website project planning, execution and monitoring. Designed strategy and processes to move company from Waterfall to Agile methodology. Conducted daily standups, retrospectives, demos, scheduled sprint planning and Agile activities for Product and IT teams as Scrum Master. Architected complex test planning, maintained metrics in collaboration with various product initiatives. Facilitated technical oversight of Jira and confluence (to include tracking resources, allocating tasks, capacity planning and issue mitigation/resolution). Oversaw migration from Outlook to Microsoft office 365 and managed the team to a successful transition for the company. Tracked work and defects for Magento in Jira daily; ran metrics for daily scrum meetings and weekly meetings to executives.  • Earned strong reputation for problem solving and removing impediments during sprints and developed and implemented innovative solutions to integration and release issues.  • Uncovered cost-effective and efficient solutions of complex technical issues and streamlined deployment processes. Project Manager, LMS Admin, Curriculum Assessment Maryland State Department of Ed - Baltimore, MD September 2014 to June 2016 Oversaw all infrastructure deployments and set up Blackboard Learning Management System (LMS) and related software for the Maryland State Department of Education (MSDE). Lead all Blackboard upgrades, performance tests; provide weekly and monthly reports and statistics using Google Analytics. Deployed improved the online course registration management process professional development courses for all school teachers in the State of Maryland. Conducted daily stand up meetings, managed projects in addition to risk management and issues to upper level management. Led systems Administration of Blackboard for Maryland School systems, internal MSDE administrators and 10,500+ end users and 49,000+ public users. Provided technical support, guidance to contractors, vendors and content specialists on e-Learning course development. Led Instructional design reviews, testing, planning, technical support and network administration for 40+ Maryland online professional development courses for school districts across the state of Maryland using HTML5, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, 508 methods, Camtasia, articulate(storyline), Adobe, captivate and full lifecycle ADDIE methodology. Trained school systems, teachers and internal employees on the use of the Blackboard Learning System via Live Webinars and workshops using WebEx. (over 200 with up to 500 people per webinar)  • Successfully led, supported and facilitated e-learning course registration, API integration and enrollment of school teachers for 60 Professional Development to include release management for all course deployments. TEFL TEACHER Education First - Boston, MA September 2014 to January 2016 Online instructor teaching group and live private lessons to beginning through advanced students around the world with diverse language backgrounds using Skype and WebEx. ADJUNCT PROFESSOR Howard Community College - Columbia, MD August 2014 to January 2015 Instructor of a Hybrid course (using Canvas) called "Principles of the Internet" for Undergraduate Students in web design and cyber security. Project Manager, Professional Learning AP Ventures - Columbia, MD August 2011 to September 2014 Applied Agile methods as Scrum master to define and prepare portal requirement documents and develop functional requirements, technical and conceptual designs through deployment for 4 large Race to the Top-US Department of Education IT projects. Planned IT team initiatives to resolve problems and perform system administration on Blackboard LMS. Organized deployments for all upgrades of Blackboard related software to include API issue troubleshooting. Conducted and organized professional learning workshops, summer academies, JAD sessions and IT briefings in all counties in the State of Maryland. Produced 7 Fall educator effectiveness academy video lessons using Final Cut Pro and 508 compliance tools for Math, STEM and English Language arts. Planned and coordinated lesson plans from content teams (Math, ELA, Disciplinary Literacy and STEM) and placed 3000+ documents online in Blackboard LMS for both the Master Teacher Training and Educator Effectiveness Academy. Designed a Digital e-learning UDL (Universal Design for Learning) interactive course required by all teachers and principals in K-12 School districts in Maryland using HTML5, PHP JavaScript and CSS. Over 4000+ teachers completed the course.  • Produced SharePoint portal for certification branch and design prototype/automated process for CPD credit.  • Spearheaded change by infusing technology which resulted in 60 new online courses for teachers, new technical processes and software, as well as a reduction of manual procedures across the organization. TECHNICAL TRAINER BDPA Washington DC Chapter - Washington, DC January 2001 to June 2013 Florida Chapter  • Volunteer trainer on Saturdays for BDPA teaching STEM courses in Moodle to high school at risk youth  using SQL, CSS, HTML, Web design, multimedia video design and robotics. Tours to Sirus XM radio, QVC, Navy Yard and Case competitions around the US. ADJUNCT PROFESSOR DeVry University, Oakbridge Terrace, Ill July 2003 to February 2013 Part-time Online instructor for several 8 week courses, including Systems Implementation and Training, Database Design Concepts, Instructional Design, System Analysis Design. ADJUNCT PROFESSOR University of Phoenix Online - Fort Lauderdale, FL October 2002 to July 2012 Part-Time Online Instructor for several undergraduate courses including an MBA level course in Management Information Systems, Web Design I and II, JavaScript and Instructional Design 101. Blackboard IT Consultant Clarity Consultants- for Mortgage Banking Association - Washington, DC February 2011 to August 2011 Maintained and updated 200+ courses on banking/mortgage lending in Blackboard Learn. Led custom course creation or modification for enterprise clients using Word Press, Dreamweaver, HTML and CSS. Directed all testing of course files for delivery to content licensing partners across the country. Designed e-learning courses using Articulate, Camtasia, and other tools and managed all infrastructure deployments.  • Participated in peer reviews, defect reviews, JAD session and Change Control Boards. Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton - Hanover, MD June 2010 to February 2011 Managed sprint schedule for all project milestones. Created custom web parts for SharePoint, graphics using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Photoshop. Managed full cycle development using Scrum Agile principles including analysis, design, development, testing, training and implementation.  • Enhanced and streamlined internal processes within the PMO office for NSA by creating a new best practice learning site using SharePoint. Project Manager Ai-Solutions, Inc - Lanham, MD June 2008 to June 2010 Successfully led five NASA projects (CCS, GEONS, GMSEC, ODTBX and FDF Reengineering) in Earth observation and Flight Dynamics systems for national launches including the management of 16 employees and budgets of $7 million +). Oversaw conversion of waterfall processes to Agile methods and managed all infrastructure deployments. Monitored debugging and monitored testing prior to system launches. Led daily status meetings, coordinated customer demos, managed all projects and resources as well as deployments. Mentored. Coached and trained staff on web services technologies including HTML, Java, C++/.NET/SQL as well as Mat Lab for web design techniques and processes.  • Performed budget planning, cost management, risk management, change management, Earned Value, resource allocation and monitoring for all projects managed. Infrastructure Test/Deployment Project Manager Computer Science Corporation - Lanham, MD January 2007 to June 2008 Senior-Level manager for Modernized E-file(MEF) projects. Mentor, train and directed 20 employees and 5 IT vendors in project planning, execution and monitoring. Led all test activities for multiple infrastructure projects with the Internal Revenue Service, Modernized E-File (MEF) using SQL, PHP, HTML, CSS and XML. Planned and managed all infrastructure testing engagements from requirements gathering to project implementation and deployment.  Oversaw all resources to include external vendors and performed change management, budget management, resource management, earned value and risk management.  • Orchestrated successful change by increasing projects from 4 to 10 during my tenure. IT Project Manager National Foreign Language Center, University of MD - College Park, MD May 2006 to January 2007 Directed 15 employees of IT administrators, instructional designers, testers, programmers, multimedia producers and production staff for in-house multimedia production studio. Project managed multiple concurrent initiatives to design e-learning modules in Sum Total learning management system. Lead development of curriculum with a team of instructional designers and experts in less commonly taught Foreign Languages. Mentored and trained staff on 508 compliance procedures for software applications, intellectual property, operating systems, web-based systems and video multimedia, which was included in each release of the Langnet application for National Security Agency. Oversaw full-lifecycle project management using HTML, PHP, XML, SQL, and JAVA to completed infrastructure deployments for e-learning deliverables. Directed JAD sessions, requirements gathering and user stories.  • Successfully led information technology and e-learning multimedia projects for the Foreign Service using Sum Total LMS, Sakai and ADDIE to design newly customized e-learning applications. Project Manager Silo Smashers - Vienna, VA April 2004 to May 2006 Led IV&V and infrastructure deployment projects for a high-profile project in the Center for Medicaid/Medicare.  • Facilitated change by leading the Test team and successfully completing testing activities and validation readiness reviews for 20+ systems. Managed vendors for test activities for Medicare part D applications.  • Created a functional requirements document for the Grants administration system and learning tools for the Department of Justice Programs.    ADDITONAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Sr. IT Consultant Xscion, Freddie Mac - McLean, VA December 2003 to April 2004 Conducted ROI analysis for new initiatives at Freddie Mac for capital deployment control department.  Facilitated software testing (SQL, ASP, Net) for Modified Pool projects & CE manager enhancements databases. Project Manager/Business Analyst Intarsys, Incorporated - Miami, FL November 2001 to November 2003 Senior IT Consultant Commercial Division - Fairfax, VA January 1998 to November 2001 ADJUNCT PROFESSOR George Washington University - Washington, DC September 1997 to May 1999 Taught hybrid undergraduate and graduate level Management information systems courses in the Educational Leadership department. Web Developer / Database Administrator Georgetown University - McDonough School of Business /MBA Program - Washington, DC September 1997 to January 1998 Assistant Director Georgetown University - McDonough School of Business /MBA Program - Washington, DC 1991 to 1998 Admissions Recruiter, 1991-1998    TEACHING EXPERIENCE Education PH.D in Applied Management and Decision Sciences Walden University - Bonita Springs, FL March 2021 Master of Arts in International Affairs in Public Policy Georgetown University - Washington, DC Bachelor of Arts in Foreign Languages in Foreign Languages/Communications George Mason University - Fairfax, VA Associates Degree in Music Howard Community College - Columbia, MD Skills Cvs, It project management, Css, Sharepoint, Git, Html, Javascript, Php, Visio, Change management, Data analysis, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Jira, Selenium, Remedy, Sas, Tableau, Java Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • IT Project Management  •Change Management  •Scope Management  •Issue/Risk Management    •Relationship Management  •Vendor Management  •Data Analysis & Intelligence  •Planning & Budgeting    •Quality Assurance  •Team Leadership and Training  •Cross-Team Collaboration  •Strategic Communications    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Development: HTML, CSS, PHP, Drupal, SQL, JavaScript, Java  Databases/Server: Oracle, MySQL, SAS, Access, AWS, Liquid Web, NGNIX  CMS and LMS: WordPress, Joomla, Moodle, SharePoint, Google Classroom, Blackboard, Canvas, Adobe Connect, E-college, Magento, Sum Total, Ellucian, Desire to Learn, Wix and Squarespace.  Software: JIRA, Confluence, Version One, Smartsheet, TFS, QA Complete, Salesforce, Tableau, Selenium, Rainforest, Crystal Reports, Convio, Sketch, MAC OS, Visio Professional, GIT, Bit Bucket, CVS, Remedy, Camtasia, Captivate, Articulate, (Storyline) Adobe Creative Cloud applications, Audacity, Google Analytics, Movie Maker, iMovie, Final Cut Pro, Microsoft Office.