Infrastructure Technical Project Manager Infrastructure Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Infrastructure Technical Project Manager - TEK Systems Lancaster, SC • A highly motivated, results-focused Senior Telecom Infrastructure Project Manager with more than 20-year experience in Engineering, Management, Sales and Services as a vendor and customer role alike.  • Encompasses strong leadership and successful team-building capabilities combined with excellent technical and project related communication, presentation and customer service skills.  • Program Management responsibilities - managed other Project Managers.  • Project driven success to complete, deliver and stay on budget as well as manage all project resources.  • Initiated, planned, monitored / controlled, managed one or more medium to large Cyber Security technology project(s).  • Resourceful problem solver and resourceful entrepreneur with proven ability to bring quick resolution to challenging situations.  • Implementation of Cisco IPT Call Center Platform - Unity Massaging System - Routers and Switches.  • Implementation of Cisco VoIP Call Manager System Platform - Routers and Switches.  • Implementation of Avaya Aura Suite Platform Avaya Modular Messaging - CMS - Routers and Switches.  • Relationship builder with senior management, vendors, clients and other team members alike.  • Extensive use of MS Office, Excel, Word, Power Point, Visio, JIRA, Remedy, Clarity, PMUWS, Planview, Stamp and other financial tracking applications and spreadsheets. Financial management responsibilities to provide forecast, track actuals and manage variances to + or - 2%.  • Engaged on eCommerce Projects. New infrastructures to support customer facing applications. Application monitoring to include Introscope, AppDynamics, Sitescope and Splunk.  • Compliance driven upgrades to "end of life" applications, environments, as well as, datacenter exits due to Enterprice IT senior management decisions.  • Financial responsibilities and accountability to provide monthly forecasting, actual, capture and variance expectations.  • Associated with PMI structured PMO organizations, PMI training and practice for the PMP certification.  • Contact Centers - QM - WFM - IVR - CTI - Predictive Dialers - Call and Screen Recording Systems such as QFinity, NICE, Calabrio, NUANCE, Verint, Genesys CTI etc.  • Data Center Implementations, Migrations, Relocations, Expansions - Vendor Management, Network Expansion, Circuit Ordering.  • Carrier & Vendor Management - Connectivity to remote, local and campus environments. BICSI - RCCD training and experience.  • Languages: Fluent in English and Spanish - Presently Learning Portuguese. Work Experience Infrastructure Technical Project Manager TEK Systems - Charlotte, NC May 2019 to Present • Responsible for overseeing a series of projects of high complexity across multiple departments and across multiple business units.  • Working closely with App Dev, Network Design, Firewall, Storage, Database, Operation and production support teams.  • Involved in Compliance Remediation Projects for customer facing applications. Upgrading environments to satisfy GIS mandates.  • Assessed and advised on improving processes and methodologies of current program and project management timelines.  • Worked with other project managers to identify redundancies of efforts across eCommerce projects.  • Acted as a mentor to other project managers as well as other project team members, successful team motivator.  • Able to utilize various Project management tools and methodologies.  • Strong communication skills when interacting with senior management and providing weekly project status updates.  • Comprehensive knowledge of business units and their responsibilities.  • Able to deliver under a fast pace and high demanding environment.  • Demonstrated accurate estimation of project costs as well as management of project funding while responding to variance reviews.  • Strong, detail oriented leader with the ability to manage a multitude of changes governed by monthly software releases.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Infrastructure Technical Project Manager Matlen Silver / Bank of America - Charlotte, NC July 2017 to January 2019 • Responsible for overseeing a series of projects of high complexity across multiple departments and across multiple business units.  • Working closely with App Dev, Network Design, Firewall, Storage, Database, Operation and production support teams.  • Involved in Compliance Remediation Projects for customer facing applications. Upgrading environments to satisfy GIS mandates.  • Assessed and advised on improving processes and methodologies of current program and project management timelines.  • Worked with other project managers to identify redundancies of efforts across eCommerce projects.  • Acted as a mentor to other project managers as well as other project team members, successful team motivator.  • Able to utilize various Project management tools and methodologies.  • Strong communication skills when interacting with senior management and providing weekly project status updates.  • Comprehensive knowledge of business units and their responsibilities.  • Able to deliver under a fast pace and high demanding environment.  • Demonstrated accurate estimation of project costs as well as management of project funding while responding to variance reviews.  • Strong, detail oriented leader with the ability to manage a multitude of changes governed by monthly software releases.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Infrastructure Technical Project Manager Charter Communications - Charlotte, NC January 2017 to July 2017 • Responsible for managing, planning, monitoring and reporting on key IT and Telecommunications projects during the  • Charter / Time Warner / Bright House merger of 2016/2017.  • Directly involved in the IVR consolidation project where under the public demand for a unified and solid IVR system that serviced  • All the companies, maintained a high level of service unequal to any that previously existed.  • Successfully managed the tollfree numbers migration as well as the call routing both prior and after the total IVR consolidation.  • Planned, managed day to day operational activities during this fast paced and demanding environment.  • Established Project management processes and methodologies to ensure multiple projects are managed simultaneously.  • Able to develop strong working relationships with other project managers as well as other operational and support managers.  • Ability to read, organize and communicate at a high technical level to other peers as well as senior management.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager ICONMA / TD BANK August 2016 to December 2016 • Coordinated the deployment of new retail sites to be converted to enterprise VoIP cluster in the eastern US.  • Variety of Legacy Telephone Systems being converted to Cisco VoIP  • Avaya ICM, Genesys CTI, WFM, etc.  • Involved with Cisco Switches and Routers, used for TD Bank's Network  • Equipment upgrades and new implementations as well as Firewall and Proxy changes.  • Provided MPLS Circuits and SIP Trunking.  • Coordinated the deployment of the extension of the TD Bank's WAN as well as LAN configurations to allow these sites access to the bank's communications network.  • Project Management responsibility of infrastructure voice projects from initiation to closing.  • Responsible for managing resources, technology, vendors.  • Responsible for managing project funding and financials to account for all expenditures, forecasting projections, actuals as well as managing variances. Using Clarity as a management tool.  • Interacted with LOBs, responsible for managing VoIP conversion of all the easter sites.  • contact center implementation to be in compliance with government regulations and other requirements.  • Responsible for all communication between the ECT team as well as CLT PMO and reported all project status updates as well as project progress to senior management using Excel and Share Point Sites.  • Contact Center technology production management and support, technology change and implementation management, program and project management, enterprise technology infrastructure project management, financial services product application development and enhancements, project office management, business application re-engineering.  • Telecom room buildout to include UPS and other power backup systems.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. IT and Telecom Infrastructure Senior Project Manager KFORCE / Cross Country Home Services (CCHS) IT Infrastructure/Telecom - Sunrise, FL March 2016 to August 2016 Sunrise, FL March 2016 - August 2016  IT and Telecom Infrastructure Senior Project Manager    Assigned to the IT and Telecom Infrastructure team at CCHS.    • Coordinate deployment of new Calabrio 5.1 VoIP Platform for call and screen recording system, Avaya Aura ICM, CTI, WFM, etc.  • Involve with Cisco Switches and Routers, used for CCHS's Network Equipment upgrades and new implementations as well as Firewall and Proxy changes. Provided MPLS Circuits and SIP Trunks.  • Project Management responsibility of infrastructure voice projects from initiation to closing.  • Responsible for managing resources, technology and vendors.  • Responsible for managing project funding and financials to account for all expenditures, forecasting projections, actuals as well as managing variances. Using STAMP as a management tool.  • Interact with LOBs, responsible for managing contact center implementation to be in compliance with government regulations and other requirements.  • Responsible for all communication between the IT Web, Infrastructure and other teams as well as PMO and reported all project status updates as well as project progress to senior management using MS Project and the new JIRA application.  • Experience with different technologies such as Virtual Hosted Desktop, Active Directory Domain Controllers, Site expansions and relocations, decommissions, as well as new site implementations. Extensive use of RPM tools such as Clarity.  • Coordinate late night and early morning change implementations at least once a week during the length of the projects.  • Coordinate the deployment of the new INI Avaya Portal IVR upgrade using CTI Screen Pops to allow these new Contact Centers access to the company's communications network.  • Responsible for implementation coordination on third party outsourced contact centers.  • Contact Center technology production management and support, technology change and implementation management, program and project management, enterprise technology infrastructure project management, financial services product application development and enhancements, project office management, business application re-engineering.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Contractor Insight Global - Wells Fargo Consumer Lending Technology Group - Charlotte, NC March 2015 to March 2016 Infrastructure Senior Project Manager    Assigned to the Consumer Lending Technology PMO Team for Wells Fargo Bank.    • Coordinated the deployment of new NICE 4.1 VoIP Platform call and screen recording system, Avaya ICM, Genesys CTI, WFM, etc.  • Working closely with App Dev, Network Design, Firewall, Storage, Database, Operation and production support teams.  • Involved in Compliance Remediation Projects for customer facing applications.  • Upgrading application code and Dev, Cert & PT and Prod environments to satisfy compliance mandates.  • Coordinating change requests and necessary approvals to effect server and other equipment changes to remedy violations.  • Prior knowledge of automated tools used for remediation such as HPSA and HPOO  • Involved with Cisco Switches and Routers, used for Wells Fargo's Network Equipment upgrades and new implementations as well as Firewall and Proxy changes.  • Provided MPLS Circuits and SIP Trunking.  • Data Center UPS and Power Backup Systems implementation and testing.  • Coordinated the deployment of the extension of the Wells Fargo WAN as well as LAN configurations to allow these new Contact Centers access to the bank's communications network.  • Project Management responsibility of infrastructure voice projects from initiation to closing.  • Responsible for managing resources, technology, vendors.  • Responsible for managing project funding and financials to account for all expenditures, forecasting projections, actuals as well as managing variances. Using STAMP as a management tool.  • Interacted with LOBs, responsible for managing contact center implementation to be in compliance with government regulations and other requirements.  • Responsible for all communication between the ECT team as well as CLT PMO and reported all weekly project status updates as well as project progress to senior management using Planview and the new PMO application called PMUWS.  • Contact Center technology production management and support, technology change and implementation management, program and project management, enterprise technology infrastructure project management, financial services product application development and enhancements, project office management, business application re-engineering.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Contractor TEK Systems - Charlotte, NC March 2013 to March 2015 Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manager    Assigned to the Contact Centers Vendor Technical Services and Delivery Team for Bank of America.  • Responsible for all communication between the LOBs, TI team as well as PMO and reported all updates as well as project progress reports to senior management.  • Involved with Cisco Switches and Routers used for BAC Baronet Network Equipment upgrades and new implementations as well as Firewall and Proxy changes. Provided MPLS Circuits and SIP Trunking.  • Coordinated the deployment of new NICE VoIP call recording system, Avaya VoIP ICM, Genesys CTI, WFM, etc.  • Coordinated the deployment of the extension of the Bank of America's Baronet WAN as well as LAN configurations to allow these new VoIP Contact Centers access to the bank's communications network. UPS and other power backup systems.  • Project Management responsibility of infrastructure projects from initiation to closing.  • Responsible for managing resources, technology, service vendors such as CISCO, HP, IBM, etc.  • Involved in server patching activities to maintain up to date server and application functionality.  • Responsible for managing project funding and financials to account for all expenditures, forecasting projections and actual and managing variances. Interacting with vendor companies responsible for managing third party contact centers to be used to relief bank's own centers during peak hours and under other circumstances.  • Experienced with different technologies such as Virtual Hosted Desktop, Active Directory Domain Controllers, Site expansions and relocations, decommissions, as well as new site implementations. Extensive use of RPM tools such as Clarity.  • Coordinated late night and early morning change implementations at least once a week during the length of the projects.  • Contact Center technology production management and support, technology change and implementation management, program & project management, enterprise technology infrastructure project management, financial services product application development and enhancements, project office management, business application re-engineering.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Contractor Capital One - Richmond, VA May 2012 to March 2013 Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manager    Assigned to Verizon's Contact Center Projects for Capital One.    • High visibility, where analysis of situation or data was required for review of identifiable factors.  • Cisco Routers and Switches Implementation and upgrades for Call Center & Data Center Migration and Consolidation.  • Managed the implementation of three NICE Call Recording Rel. 4.1 systems for Capital One Bank in the USA.  • Exercised the most astute judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate course of action.  • Decision-making and independence was involved but limited, answering to the PMO.  • Project administration tools to include MS Project, Visio, Excel, Clarity, etc.  • Normally received general instructions on non-routine or new or more complex assignments.  • Decisions were made independently and affected the work of others as well as the customer's production environment.  • Work was reviewed and measured on meeting objectives and schedules.  • Extensively used RPM tools such as Clarity, Remedy and JIRA.  • Coordinated late night change implementations to avoid customer service impact to Production environment.  • Typically dealt with senior and middle management and external equivalents.  • Responsible for communicating assigned portion of project and/or details of the project to others.  • Responsible for varying levels of project schedule creation, development, and execution. Determining resource needs for the implementation of various network implementation activities.  • Communicated and led project calls with engineering resources, businesses project teams, and outside vendors on technical and financial aspects of project to ensure that all milestones are met and budget is adhered to.  • Required to update customer on progress as well as identify any risks.  • Required to provide weekly reporting both internally and externally.  • Creation, development, shepherding, and coordinating implementation of network changes through proper customer channels in accordance with customer policies.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Contractor Collabera - Wells Fargo Bank - Charlotte, NC January 2010 to May 2012 CCITT Senior IT Project Manager    • Reported to the CICCT Program Manager on several of the Wells Fargo's Contact Center teams.  • Responsible for Data Centers as well as Contact Center relocations within the different Groups and LOBs.  • Managed SDLC as well as new and expanding Voice and Data Infrastructure implementation and relocation projects.  • Conducted feasibility study to prove the LINUX capabilities in the Call Center Environment mainly in the Genesys CTI area.  • Systems deployment such as NICE Perform, Genesys CTI, Nortel Succession 1000, Nortel Call Pilot, Nortel Symposium, CISCO Routers and Switches as well as Call Manager, applications such as, CIV Soft Phone, Fusion/PEGA CALL Soft Phone. IVR, etc.  • Created new environments in the DTE LAB using Linux servers for the purpose of doing IVR and Genesys testing as well as Predictive Auto Dialer performance evaluations.  • Ensured Avaya, Cisco and Nortel voice infrastructure is managed to fulfill business needs through ongoing maintenance and support. Making sure that the necessary allocated power and connectivity bandwidth is maintained for proper Quality of Service.  • Diagnosed and resolved communicated issues and accidents to the business and other team members in a timely manner.  • Involved with OPS RISK, Ops. Verifications, WFCC, IRT, HBS, and other Contact center LOBs in their efforts to enhance their investment, banking, mortgage and retirement services.  • Responsible for implementation and enhancements to existing Voice and Data as well as Applications used by our customers in their Contact Centers, especially in Minnesota, San Francisco, Jacksonville, Charlotte and Birmingham.  • Successful management of projects from Low to High Risk, within $2M to more than $2M fully funded projects.  • Responsible for navigating within, PLANVIEW, STAMP, SEAMS, WANDA and other Operations Applications in the effort of creating work orders, change requests and updating and communicating project status.  • Created alliances with other team members such as CPG, Network Engineering, TIG, CCT CAPS, CCT CTI, CCT MIS, etc. to allow for smooth flow into production between resources for the project's success.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Hedge Fund Technology Team Lead CITCO Technology Management - Charlotte, NC July 2009 to January 2010 • Responsible to manage and support CITCO's Hedge Fund technical services, providing guidance and management to every day enhancements required to support existing and future customer demands.  • Reported to the IT Governance's Associate Director and to the PMO manager, responding to Project Management Institute norms and other service compliance regulations.  • Worked very closely with the Fund Business Manager to identify needs and satisfactorily deliver the required technical services.  • Managed infrastructure implementations as well as relocations and expansions, necessary to satisfy the customer application growth due to diversification of markets and territory expansions.  • Engaged with multiple projects as well as resources, from DBAs to Network Engineers necessary to create the different environments in different parts of the world.  • Liaison with international technical teams throughout Europe, the Americas, the Caribbean, Asia Pacific, etc.  • Responsible for assisting in the coordination of disaster recovery and business continuation efforts to allow flawless and transparent services to the users. Worked closely with the DR team. Assisted in various DR tests utilizing different failover techniques. Connectivity and power backup during outages for business continuity.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Senior IT Project Manager Associated Professionals and Consultants, Inc - Charlotte, NC December 2008 to July 2009 • Assigned to the Switch Upgrade Project to replace Aspect, Intecom and Genesys in an effort to consolidate the company's Contact Center voice infrastructure under an Avaya VoIP Platform Contact Center Solution.  • Cisco Switches and Routers for Network Equipment used to interconnect other Contact Center locations.  • Reported to the Contact Center Applications Team's IT Manager.  • Managed cross functional IT teams for a successful implementation of an Avaya IP S8800 Based state of the art Comm. System.  • IBM - IVR, CTI, Avaya IC, OM, CMS, S8800 CM, MM, CC Routing, IP Infrastructure, CBIS, CMSi, eWFM and other applications.  • Worked with SPS and Avaya as well as Verint Call and Screen Recording, Empirix for System Stress Testing, A.T. &T. Carrier, etc.  • Teaming up with Business PM to provide communication and other deliverables to stake holders.  • Operated under the supervision of Duke Energy's ITG PMO, structure, project execution and delivery of schedule and artifacts.  • Currently, completed Duke Energy's PMO RCPS CBT courses in Status Reporting, Change Management, Initiation Process and PM Approach Overview. Now in the process of completing other PMO related courses as well.  • Firewall and Proxy changes to allow for Applications and other communication devices.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc. Contractor Wachovia - Charlotte, NC November 2007 to December 2008 Senior IT Project Manager  • Assigned to the Wells Fargo - Wachovia Merger Program under Technology & Information Group.  • Coordination and execution of implementation, relocation and decommission of Data as well as Voice Servers (TDM and VoIP), coordination of MPLS circuit testing and activation as well as SONET Ring connectivity with Verizon and AT&T.  • Power Systems to include UPS and other disaster recovery power such as AC/DC power generators.  • Used Planview, MS Project as well as Visio, Excel and Stamp applications.  • Team Lead managing a team of JR PMs involved with relocations in the South Central Region of the US.  • Deployment and relocation of desktop and telecom user equipment and Call Center Employees relocation.  • Data Center, infrastructure and equipment implementation, relocation and decommission  • Equipment and resources consolidation under said program, Nortel Option 81C, Avaya S8700 PBX, Cisco CM, Aspect ACD, etc.  • Cisco Switches and Routers used for connectivity for both Call Center and Data Center Migration and Consolidation.  • Firewall and Proxy changes to allow for Applications and other device communication.  • Involved in the Wells Fargo Retirement Call Center project to help their Customers have better access to their retirement accounts. SDLC management for new applications. Extensive use of Planview, Stamp and other RPM tools.  • Complete use of all MS Office Suite including Visio, Share Point etc.    Professional & Technical Training and Certifications:  • PMI training for the PMP certification at Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Capital One and JP Morgan Chase.  • Duke Energy, ITG PMO Work Bench, Hill Climber, Business Case Process, Project Charter, Roles & Responsibilities, PM Manual, Status Reporting, Change Management, Initiation Process and PM Approach Overview.  • RPM Tools such as: Microsoft Project Server, Planview, Stamp, PeopleSoft and SharePoint Site Experience in the Wells Fargo environment.  • PMI training for PMP Certification. Deliverable Responsibilities within Wells Fargo's IRG PMO.  • NORTEL PBX Engineering and Sales Training.  • BICSI RCDD Certification Training (1998).  • SPRINT's Computer Telephony Integration Training.  • Frame relay service delivery.  • Genesys CTI, T Servers, etc.  • OCTEL Voice Messaging Sales Training.  • Avaya FSE training and Certification for Field Service Managers.  • Lucent Technologies Project Manager as well as SAP user training SAP and Definity G3SI and G3R, Intuity, CMS, Call Routing, Announcements, NARS and BARS, System Administration training.  • Project Management Institute Training for PMP with EDS, Lucent Technologies, Avaya and Wells Fargo.  • Project Leader for major and minor projects and experience supporting client applications.  • CMS, Sun Spark, Sun Solaris, UNIX, TDM & VoIP, Avaya, Mosaix and Hard Predictive Dialers.  • Dell servers with Windows 2003 and 2008 OS as well as Linux OS for the use with Lucent Technologies, Genesys CTI.  • NAS and SAN environment setup management.  • Oracle and SQL Database setup management.  • IVRs, NICE and NICE Perform and Witness Call and Screen Recording Equipment.  • Lucent Technologies Systemax Structured Wiring and Project Manager Training and Certification.  • Information system implementation life cycle from system selection, system definition, unit testing, to integration testing and live support. Project Leadership skills. Knowledge and understanding of application programming concepts.  • Working knowledge of Project Management tools, Planview, Microsoft Project and MS Project Server, Visio and Microsoft Office.  • AT&T Definity G3SI & GTR PBXs, Intuity VM, CMS, Call Routing, Announcements installation and maintenance training.  • AT&T System 75, 85 and Familiarization for No 4 ESS CO.  • AT&T Dimension 100, 400 and 2000 PABXs Installation and Maintenance training.  • Southern Bell Pole Climbing, Line & Station. COMKEY and 1A2 Key System installation and maintenance training.  • Familiarity with AC/DC Power.  • Familiarity with Interexchange Carrier (IXC) and Regional Bell Operating Company (RBOC) operational procedures.  • Familiarity with CLEC's, CAP's, ILEC's.  • Presently in training to prepare for the PMI PMP Certification. Plan to complete by the end of 2014.  • Cisco Routers and Switches management experience for both Data and Voice services.  • Firewall and Proxy changes and implementation as well as testing during and after change Windows. Education Bachelor in Science in Electrical Engineering Florida International University - Miami, FL 1996 Associate in Arts in Electrical Engineering Miami Dade Community College - Miami, FL 1994 Skills Visio, Share point, Banyan, Netware, Vines, Remedy, Planview, Jira, Linux, Unix, Excel, Lotus notes, Microsoft office, Word, Novell, Autocad Additional Information Technical Skills:    DOS, Windows, Novell Netware, Linux, Unix and C. Lotus Notes, Banyan Vines beyond Mail, Internet Browser Microsoft Office Word, Excel, Power Point, Project, Project Server, Micrograph Designer, AutoCAD Rel. 13., Visio, Share Point, Microsoft Office Suite. Skype for Business. Remedy, Clarity, PMUWS, JIRA, Planview, STAMP,    Software Rollouts:  MS Windows OS NPT (Non Permitted Technologies) Bank of America Compliance hardware and software upgrades to maintain vendor support.