Sr. IT Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master Sr. IT Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master - Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana Baton Rouge, LA • Applied leadership acumen to all aspects of the overpayment software tool project as the IT Technical Project Manager; the  deployment of the project minimized manual workaround associated with Excel/Access, reduced ad hoc reports, and the need  for frequent audits.  • Supported phase II of the portals rewrite as the Scrum Master; promoted Agile practices, conducted meetings, sprint planning,  sprint retrospective, program increment planning, backlog refinement, and sprint reviews/demonstration; the project  successfully rewrote the Group Leader and Producer portal, which enhanced user experiences, producer onboarding, and off-  boarding processes.  • Provided high-level oversight for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), US-VISIT migration to Data Center One (DC1)  project worth $500M; managed cross-functional teams comprised of Networking, Electrical, and Facilities while concurrently  developing the project implementation plan including scope, schedule, cost, and communications plan.  • Project managed a $1M project involving the network upgrade to 10 Gigabit including the development of the project  implementation plan; the success of the project enabled future growth for DC1's largest client, DHS. Work Experience Sr. IT Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master Blue Cross Blue Shield of Louisiana 2012 to Present Provide executive-level oversight for the integration and migration of significant, multidivisional advanced infrastructure and application projects. Generate and compile reports and develop meticulous project plans comprised of assigned tasks, milestones, and resource assignments. Spearhead business growth through the cultivation of key relationships pertinent to the success of projects.  Identify strategic stakeholders impacted by projects.  Selected Contributions:  • Directed all components of multiple, concurrent development projects; served as the point of contact (POC) for the IT department  and liaised between vendors, business units, and the Senior Management team.  • Monitored projects and schedules by leading meetings to track and communicate project progress.  • Delivered on-the-job training and mentorship for team members to ensure the successful delivery of project solutions in alignment with the service level agreement (SLA). Project Manager SAIC - Stennis Space Center, MS 2009 to 2012 Directed cross-functional teams comprised of internal and external stakeholders as well as vendor resources. Developed project plans to guide projects to successful completion and validated system specifications.  Baton Rouge, LA (225) 907-7983 kennethwright5894@gmail.com    Reviewed schedules, cost, and project implementation plans in collaboration with the client's PMO team; drove change management  processes to ensure adoption by the Change Control Board. Participated in weekly, executive-level status briefings to identify issues and develop risk mitigation plans to ensure project success.  Selected Contributions:  • Recognized as a key member of the SAIC team responsible for achieving the highest customer satisfaction rating for the five-year  contract period in 2011.  • Developed and deployed project implementation plans from conception to close-out to include the management of scope, budget, and project cost.  • Selected vendors for project consulting and project execution in collaboration with the PMO executive team; developed  statements of work (SOW) and facilitated Bidders Conferences. Technical Consultant III 2007 to 2008 Coached, mentored, and guided novice employees on tape products, optical products, backup applications, and backup services.  Served as a functional manager within area of expertise; developed strategy, established functional policy/direction, and provided  high-level leadership to support the team while improving customer satisfaction.  Selected Contributions:  • Conducted evaluations of customers' business organizations and information system technology needs; developed solutions  based on the results of such evaluations to ensure customers' satisfaction with hardware, software, and service, which simultaneously increased support sales.  • Minimized problem resolution time and returned systems to the production environment by creating solutions to technical  problems that were not within the scope of level-1 consultants and field engineers. Hewlett Packard Company - Baton Rouge, LA 2004 to 2008 Manager, Complex Problems ( Project Management) 2004 to 2007 Stood at the forefront as a technical leader and liaison for Engineering, Service Delivery, and the customer; responsible for complex  problem solving regarding multiple engineering technologies. Facilitated team meetings, provided resolutions to difficult issues, and managed documentation/records. Communicated progress with the Support team and customer while simultaneously guiding both  Engineering and Support teams to technical solutions. Drafted concise SOWs and communicated technical action plan to the Support  team and customer. Generated a summary report for senior management to define expectations and goals.  Selected Contributions:  • Thrived as the Technical Crisis Manager and collaborated with the Customer Satisfaction Manager and Engineering team; served  as the POC for the Support team and customers while creating a supportable, cost-effective environment. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Baton Rouge, LA Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering Technology University of Southern Mississippi - Hattiesburg, MS Associate of Science in Electronics Engineering Technology Hinds Community College - Raymond, MS Skills It project management, Change management, Data analysis, Relationship management, Risk management, Metrics, Strategic planning, Budget management, Budget, Process improvement, Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, Scrum, PM, CSM, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Core Competencies    • Agile Environments • IT Project Management • Cross-Functional Team Leadership  • Performance Metrics • Reporting and Data Analysis • Budget Management  • Change Management • Strategic Planning/Execution • Process Improvement  • Data Driven Decisions • Issue and Risk Management • Client Relationship Management