IT PROJECT SERVICE MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> SERVICE <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT SERVICE MANAGER - Axxys Technologies Rockwall, TX • 20 years in the IT industry, the last 10 focusing on Hybrid Cloud, Network and Systems Infrastructure and Technical Leadership, both on the customer side and professional services consulting/VAR side.  • Specialties: IT Strategy & Leadership, Hybrid cloud migrations, Hybrid Data Center consolidation / build-out, Professional Services Delivery and Presales, Delivery Methodology, Shared Services - Network Infrastructure, Automation, Project Management, Leadership Development, Financial Planning  • Curriculum Development, Disaster Recovery, Documentation Processes  • Fluent in Spanish Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PROJECT SERVICE MANAGER Axxys Technologies - Plano, TX June 2014 to Present • Manage Project Team to have require skills sets and information to meet implantation requirements and expectations for the client.  • Lead Project Service Team, and increased billable hours by 11% contributing to a record 2 quarterly EBITA earnings company-wide.  • Weekly Project Meeting to review status, budgets and any overage that need to be address.  • Established standards for minimum software and hardware requirements, resulting in reduced downtime while also minimizing operating costs.  • Perform Datacenter migrations from on premise servers to either Azure Host Services or hardware infrastructures.  • Analyze existing technical infrastructure, and design solution to align with the future goals of the company • Lead multiple Exchange to Office 365 migrations raging in size from 200-3000 mailboxes.  • Reduced Server and SAN expenses while increasing performance by implementing hyper converged infrastructure base on Cisco HyperFlex • Develop strategy for leveraging appropriate systems, resource strategies and delivery models • Provide leadership, staff development and performance feedback for a staff of fifteen (Pre- and Post-sales Consulting Engineers, Managed Services Engineers and Project Managers) • Managed resource allocation and forecasting across all active projects (average 25-30) • Develop onboarding process for new clients, so their experience is exceptional and get the feeling we know their environment when they call for support.  • Propose new technology solutions including solution design, migration process, SOW, and POC.  Recent projects include:  Windows Server 2003/2008/2012/2016 Migrations  VMware and Hyper-V migrations, datacenter moves, and consolidation servers  Network infrastructure upgrades and new site deployments  Deployment of Datto Backup solutions PROJECT ENGINEER Networking Results - Arlington, TX January 2012 to January 2014 • Conducted client assessments and then provide written recommendations for the client's needs and where they should take their technology going forward to optimize the company.  • As Project Engineer, responsibilities of implementing new propose technology, from Migration of 2003 / 2008 servers to setting Virtual Environments using Server 2012 Hyper-V servers.  • Setup and configure Sonicwall Firewall and VPN technologies, Wireless Infrastructure.  • Implementation of new Backups solution using Axcient Technologies, providing Disaster recovery, Offsite protection, and daily backup solution for our clients.  • Managed and maintain Microsoft Exchange 2003 /2007 /2010, Active Directory Servers 2003 /2008 /2012, and, File and print server on Windows 2003 /2008 /2012 Servers.  • Provided day to day support to various clients from 6 person office to 50-100 person office.  • Provided clients with documentation on all technology and step by step guides on software as need it. NETWORK ENGINEER NetworkDR - Englewood Cliffs, NJ January 2008 to October 2011 • As Project Manager I evaluate current infrastructure on numerous clients and provide written recommendations for new systems and or requirement need it to optimize the company resources. I'm also the implementation technician for infrastructure migration and implementation of new technology.  • Migrated SBS 2003 Server to SBS 2008 Server Projects.  • Implemented VMware ESX VM Servers and migrated physical servers to virtual environment. FIELD ENGINEER Richard Fleischman & Associates - New York, NY August 2005 to December 2007 • Responsible for managing all IT related infrastructure for 8 sites raging from 5 - 40 users which includes setup of Servers, Desktops, Laptops, Network, Firewall, home VPNs, Blackberry, Citrix Farms, Wireless networks for both office and homes and network backups.  • Managed and maintain Microsoft Servers, Exchange 2003, Active Directory, Blackberry BES Server, and Backup Servers software, File and print services • Evaluated current infrastructure on all sites and provide recommendations for new systems and or requirement need it for the company to work at its best. IT MANAGER/System Administrator AutoStar - Stamford, CT August 2004 to July 2005 • Responsible for maintaining all of the company infrastructure • Implemented Blackberry handhelds with a BES Server, for all the Marketing staff to improve productivity and timely responses when on the field.  • Reviewed and evaluated all current Billing structure about Telecommunications, work with vendors to renegotiate pricing to meet our market needs, resulting in a savings of approximate of 45% in some areas. SERVER MANAGER Gensler - San Francisco, CA December 2000 to August 2004 • Implemented new LANDesk Desktop Management software thru out the firm, which helps automates OS deployment, Patch management, inventory, application deployment, remote control and Imaging from one console.  • Project Manager for the design for a new server room for the new office relocation.  • Developed the company's disaster recovery requirements and documentation, this will define and implement operating procedures to ensure on-line system availability 24x7.  • Citrix Metaframe support of Terminal Servers/Clients • Responsible for maintaining 36 Windows Servers configuration between 27 sites.  • Evaluated, planned, installed and coordinated the move of 30 corporate servers to a Co-location facility, without affecting productivity of 27 regional sites worldwide.  • Responsible for evaluating new and provide documentation on pros/con and implementation procedures. OPERATION SUPERVISOR/ IT SUPPORT STAFF U.S. Coast Guard Camspac - Point Reyes Station, CA September 1999 to August 2000 • Supervised and trained 12 employees on troubleshooting procedures, database management, equipment configurations and the day to day support of the unit NT Servers and Workstations.  • Due to extensive knowledge, promoted to the IT Staff. Reconfigured system configuration on operational circuits with new and upgraded equipment needed to accomplish operations. SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR U.S. Coast Guard Camspac - Staten Island, NY January 1996 to August 1999 • Instrumental on the migration from CTOS to NT Workstations.  • Due to advance computer skills selected to manage new Microsoft Exchange server for the Coast Guard "Semi-automated message processing system".  • Collaborated with key staff personnel to implement the unit's first "Help Desk System" for the new NT Workstation.  • Developed and wrote the new Information Security Brief for the new Workstations.  • Created a Security Clearance database using Lotus Approach to keep track of 300 personnel.  • As the training Supervisor, wrote technical procedures and provided one-on one training to unit's employees to ensure best productivity with new systems. Skills Microsoft Servers (10+ years), VMware (8 years), Cisco HyperFlex (2 years), Datto Backups (5 years), SAN (6 years), Hyper-V (5 years), Active Directory (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Information Technology (10+ years), IT Management, Exchange, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Strategic Planning, Customer Service Military Service Branch: US Coast Guard / Navy Service Country: United States Rank: TC1 June 1986 to August 2000 Communications Specialist  Operations Supervisor  System Administrator Commendations: Coast Guard Achievement Medal