Project Manager/Recording Artist <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Recording Artist Senior IT Project Manager - Independent Consultant Pflugerville, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Recording Artist Independent Consultant - Austin, TX November 2015 to Present • Worked with a music producer to convert existing songs and add new songs to a new recording format.  • Worked with a recording engineer to record the songs, and sent recorded tracks to a CD manufacturer for production.  • Managed and scheduled artist website development, social media, photo shoots, promotions, and performances. IT Project Manager Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) / DADS - Austin, TX May 2013 to November 2015 • Developed and tracked detailed project plans and schedules in support of the Protecting People in Regulatory Facilities (PPRF) / Regulatory Services Systems Modernization (RSSM) project, Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) project, Budget and Data Management (BDM) project, and International Classification of Diseases Version 10 (ICD-10) project.  • Organized project teams, scheduled and led project meetings, and produced a myriad of project documentation.  • Processed RFPs and contracts for outsourced resources, and reported timely and accurate project status to the executive staff. IT Project Manager - Developed MS Project Volt Workforce Solutions - Colorado Springs, CO March 2012 to April 2012 • Inserted tasks into numerous MS Project schedules based on the project requirements for various contract proposals.  • Linked tasks on the MS Project schedules based on required dependencies between tasks.  • Loaded resources into the MS Project schedules and provided resource hours to the finance department. Project Manager/Operations Manager Solaris Center, Colorado Springs, CO - Colorado Springs, CO November 2008 to March 2012 Nov 2008 - Mar 2012 Project Manager/Operations Manager - Managed the start-up of a new 8,000 Sq. Ft. event center.  Employer: Solaris Center, Colorado Springs, CO    • Performed project management and general oversight for the construction and operations of a new event center.  • Controlled the overall budget, and processed purchase orders for the purchasing of all furniture, equipment and supplies.  • Managed the installation of all computers, routers, merchant systems, video gaming systems, and audio/video equipment.  • Hired and managed six employees, and developed numerous MS Excel spreadsheets for operations of the new facility. Test Project Manager Tek Systems - Colorado Springs, CO February 2007 to November 2008 • Performed project management functions for System Integrated Testing, End-to-End Testing, and User Acceptance Testing.  • Developed and tracked detailed project plans for 12 Strategic Services Architecture PMO and End-to-End Test projects.  • Organized test teams and developed and uploaded detailed test cases to Hewlett Packard Quality Center tool to execute and track completion of test steps and resolution of system defects. IT Project Manager Tek Systems - Colorado Springs, CO April 2006 to September 2006 • Developed and tracked detailed project plans in support of six high-priority E-Commerce web development projects.  • Organized project teams, scheduled and led project meetings, and ensured projects were completed on time and on budget.  • Reported timely and accurate status to the executive and management staff. MIS Project Manager Focus on the Family - Colorado Springs, CO October 2001 to September 2005 • Defined requirements and managed the successful completion of the International Resources Database project.  • Led project teams to complete the Network Monitoring Tools Installation and Token Ring to Ethernet Conversion projects.  • Utilized best practices and the Microsoft Project tool to plan and schedule the successful completion of the Novell to Microsoft OS Migration, Data Center Core Switch and Data Center Rewiring, Network Security Audit, Network Security Hardware and Software Installation, and Remote Microsoft Exchange Server Management Implementation projects. IT Project Manager MCI WorldCom Telecommunications Corporation, Colorado Sprrings, CO - Richardson, TX June 1998 to February 2001 • Developed and tracked detailed project plans in support of the Network Product Planning & Implementation Frame Relay Integration Program, and Interact Portal Services Universal Authentication and Order Entry Re-Engineering E-Commerce Web-Based development projects.  • Developed Trouble Handling Flow Diagrams, Product Assessment Documents, updated Operations and Maintenance Manuals, and Coordinated "Live TV" and "Live Web" training programs that were broadcasted globally.  • Conducted weekly and/or daily meetings to track project status, and document and ensure resolution of risks, action items and development issues, and prioritized and ensured the resolution of multiple problem reports. Business Analyst MCI WorldCom Telecommunications Corporation, Colorado Sprrings, CO - Colorado Springs, CO October 1996 to June 1998 • Performed business analysis and project management for numerous projects that were implemented through either the Business Markets Quarterly Release process or the Maintenance Release process.  • Facilitated Product Description Walkthroughs, Project Initiation Document Reviews, Software Solution Walkthroughs, Project Manager Status Meetings, Assessment, Analysis, Detailed Design, and Change Management Meetings.  • Supported Traffic Call Processing as the lead Business Analyst for projects related to the Enhanced Voice Services platform, Data Server for Enhanced Voice Services, and Next Generation Service Node platforms. Education Scrum Master (SMC) Certification SCRUMstudy - Accreditation Body for Scrum and Agile August 2019 Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification Project Management Institute MBA in Finance, Marketing, Economics, and Statistics Colorado Technical University Graduate Certification in Project Management Colorado Technical University Graduate Certification in Database Management Colorado Technical University B.S. in Computer and Information Science Troy State University A.A.S. in Management Information Systems Community College of the Air Force Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), BUSINESS ANALYSIS (2 years), MS Office (10+ years), MS PROJECT (10+ years), DOCUMENTATION (10+ years) Additional Information Information Technology ( IT) project management professional with over 20 years experience in project management, business analysis, software development, systems analysis & design, systems management, network management, and software quality assurance testing. Led many cross-functional project teams to successful completion of multiple software development and network infrastructure enhancement projects. Maintains a positive attitude, works well with a team, and quickly grasps new technologies and methodologies.    • Scrum Master (SMC) Certification, Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification, Master of Business Administration (MBA) and Professional Graduate Level Certification in Project Management. Knowledge of Waterfall and Agile SDLC methodologies. Extremely proficient with Microsoft software tools including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, MS Project, and Visio.  • Experienced in developing and tracking detailed project plans and schedules, managing project scope and budgets, defining and mitigating project risks, identifying and tracking project issues/action items, and providing business presentations to executives.  • Excellent oral and written communication skills to facilitate team meetings, coordinate technical deployments with business partners, and interface effectively across organizational lines to build relationships with project teams and business units.  • USAF Veteran and member of the Project Management Institute (PMI).    SKILLS    MS Project, MS SharePoint, MS Office Suite, MS Exchange, MS Windows SQL Server, MS Active Directory, Application Lifecycle Management, Cloud Computing, Visio, Business Analysis, Quality Assurance Testing, Project Software Documentation, Business Process Improvement, Data Warehousing, Data Network Infrastructure