Senior IT Project Manager, (contract Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, (contract Senior IT Project Manager, (contract - Wells Fargo Fort Worth, TX focused professional adept at leveraging best project management practices to deliver superior results on time and within budget with high quality. Handles shifting priorities well and works successfully in either a team environment or as an individual contributor. Received several customer service awards. Gains client trust, and forms positive, long-term relationships with many groups and personalities. Works on various sized projects, from small to very large. Devises new ways of solving business issues. Handles all phases of project management. Excels in schedule management, budgets, and vendor management. Over 15 years of project management experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager, (contract Wells Fargo August 2017 to Present ·        Worked on replacement of the current trading platform with new software.   ·        Managed Migration Tool workstream.   ·        Asked to help with project to rewrite/replace the system for brokerage contact centers. Led several workstreams—Case Management and Leads & Referrals.   ·        Also managed project to rewrite major system for investment advisors.    ·        Creates and maintains project plans, creates timelines and project status reports. Manages project scope and schedule. Identifies and escalates issues. Handles project communications. Coordinates cross-functional teams. Manages risks and issues. Responsible for multiple workstreams in a matrixed environment. Works with business and technology partners. Handles project forecasts. Tracks issues and risks. Monitors project progress. Manages meetings and communicates with senior leadership. Adheres to project management methodologies. Uses EPM methodology in a fast paced environment. Works with tools such as Sharepoint, MS Project, and Visio, and other project management software. Works with change management. Senior IT Project Manager, (contract) BANK OF AMERICA December 2016 to August 2017 Led several IT projects: one dealt with anti-money laundering. It was a medium sized project utilizing both Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Handled numerous full cycle projects. Coordinates cross-functional teams. All projects have been on time and on budget. Managed five projects at a time with tight timelines. Created and managed project plans using MS Project and Sharepoint. Used project lifecycle methodology. Handled risk. Worked closely with stakeholders. Tracked issues and risks. Submitted weekly status reports. Effective time management.  Key Achievement:  Managed numerous end-to-end projects at a time and still kept them all on schedule. Sr. IT Project Manager Citibank - Irving, TX September 2013 to June 2014 ·        Led IT banking project which converted functionality from one customer care system to another system. One system was being decommissioned and some of the functions were being transferred, reducing cost and improving service. Four releases were successfully installed.   ·        Also worked on a project to upgrade a twenty year old system. Worked closely with the business on user needs. Took a project to show 24 months of transaction history (which had been previously pulled from four different releases under 3 different project managers) and was able to get it successfully installed on time.   ·        Worked on a real time mobile payment system. The first phase allows payments between individuals and payments to small businesses such as restaurants.  It is a very large project with thirteen workstreams (three are Agile and ten are Waterfall) and a multimillion dollar budget. Managed risk on installation at a new data center.   ·        Created documentation and status reports.  Handled project forecasts. Tracked issues and risks. Supervised QA process. Worked closely with vendors. Used MS Project, Sharepoint, Visio, and Clarity. Senior IT Project Manager, (contract) Asked to return to Citibank September 2013 to June 2014 Due to American Airlines merger, Rewards programs for credit cards needed to be merged. There were numerous vendors, but no overall project plan, so no one knew when the end date of the project was. I managed the process to get all twelve vendors using the compatible tasks so that we had an overall plan and valid milestones. Handled risks/issues. Then monitored progress on project and kept project on target. Managed third party vendors. Worked with Business Analyst to ensure proper project documentation. Kept project on budget. Identified risks and created risk mitigation plans. Created project status reports (including RAG status) and schedule baseline. Managed change management process. Projects had approximately 40 members, some of whom were offshore, and exceeded $70K. Used MS Project, Sharepoint, Visio, and Clarity.  Key Achievement:  • Created overall project plan and kept projects on target. Senior IT Project Manager, (contract) AIG April 2013 to July 2013 Led IT mortgage conversion project to consolidate parallel systems into a single system. Created project plan and risk documents where none existed previously and started regular project meetings. This allowed an overall project plan. Projects had approximately 40 members, some of whom were offshore, and the budget was $30+ million.  ( It was decided to use a vendor package, so the project was put on hold.)    Key Achievement:  • Selected to push project which had been stagnant. Created overall project plan which helped accelerate schedule to meet deadlines. Senior IT Project Manager, (contract) Citibank - Irving, TX June 2012 to December 2012 Spearheaded mortgage software loss mitigation projects required for government compliance, leading teams of up to 40 resources to meet milestones on time and avoid bank penalties for non-compliance. One project was setting up payment plans for delinquent borrowers. Another project was documenting quality contacts with delinquent borrowers. Managed several projects across two bank divisions concurrently, driving collaboration between multiple IT and user groups; worked directly with stakeholders to gather requirements and define priorities. Monitored progress of business analysts and developers, and coordinated testing and user acceptance. Led meetings, tracked KPIs, and provided management with status reports. Created project scope and charter. Designed innovative solution for new interface with a large system in the bank. Resolved risks/issues. Escalated project issues. Communicated project status (including RAG status) and project plan to stakeholders and team members on a regular basis. Wrote documentation, including implementation plan and user documentation. Created strong relationships with business users. Projects had approximately 40 members, some of whom were offshore. Projects ($70K+) went in on time and on budget. Involved in User Acceptance Testing. Handled change management process. Supervised QA process and mitigated risk. Used MS Project, Sharepoint, Visio, and Clarity.  Key Achievement:  • Handpicked by management to revitalize projects that had languished previously; drove successful turnarounds and delivered projects valued at $50K+ on time and on budget. Senior IT Project Manager JP Morgan Chase Bank - Dallas, TX June 2011 to June 2012 Managed development group in $100M+ project to replace bank's entire mortgage system. Led project planning and execution for development of thousands of software modules; researched regulatory requirements, established schedules, created risk mitigation and remediation plans, and managed communication with users, vendors, and global stakeholders (230+ resources, many of whom were offshore). Communicated project status (including RAG status) and project plan to stakeholders and team members on a regular basis. Handled change management process.  Key Achievements:  • Performed significant re-engineering to keep plans updated and project on target despite frequently changing deadlines;  • Split project into multiple phases, enabling successful completion within aggressive time frame (original projection was 4-5 years; restructured plans to ensure delivery within 36 months). Senior IT Project Manager HCTRA - Houston, TX December 2008 to May 2011 Started project management and change management processes from the ground up. Made significant improvements to IT environment, and provided project management, tracking, and change control for software development initiatives (50+ active projects). Reviewed and prioritized IT projects in partnership with senior management, and led five-member team handling programming changes and production issues; managed business requirements, created project plans, and oversaw systems design, QA, UAT, documentation, roll out, and user training and support. Guided vendor evaluation and selection, and managed relationships with vendors and customers. Wrote documentation and created processes for handling projects. Helped start PMO.  Key Achievements:    • Leveraged SDLC methodologies to establish organization's first project management and change control processes.  • Generated savings by devising improvements to fleet management process that led directly to reductions in violations and fines.  • Provided outstanding support for business-critical, custom software packages; ensured changes were installed on time and on budget, and received unsolicited praise from users for exceptional customer service.  • Set up project management processes and change control processes from the ground up where none previously existed.  • Helped start PMO. Senior Applications Systems Analyst / Senior IT Project Manager MD Anderson Cancer Center - Houston, TX January 2005 to October 2008 Promoted from Sr. Analyst role supporting accounting systems to serve as Project Manager for two patient support systems. Met with stakeholders and project sponsors to define project scope and deliverables; wrote Requests for Proposals (RFPs), conducted negotiations, identified risks and mitigation strategies, and guided daily project operations. Monitored consultants; worked with vendors to keep projects on schedule and prevent scope creep or cost escalation. Led project meetings and reported to stakeholders. As Analyst, upgraded software and provided production support for General Ledger (G/L) and associated systems. Wrote user documentation.  Key Achievements:  • Strengthened bottom line by implementing SDLC processes for proper prioritization of maintenance items; reduced overall implementation times and ensured budget was aligned for items most critical to patient care.  • Managed project to fix outdated software with missing source code; drove development of source code with new functionality, bringing tool in line with current user needs.  • Directed project to analyze, audit, and re-engineer processes necessary to maintain SOX/PCI compliance.  • Received customer service award.  • Tasked with learning and supporting previously undocumented G/L system; created complete system documentation, wrote program specifications, coded programs, and performed testing.  ? Automated manual processes, and fixed programs that had not operated properly for two years.  ? Slashed data processing time from hours to minutes, and garnered customer service award from IT. Senior Developer / Analyst (Contracted Consultant) BANK OF AMERICA - San Antonio, TX April 2002 to November 2004 contracts) 4/2002 - 11/2004  Completed short-term contracts successfully for mortgage, retail, banking, and credit industry customers; worked effectively with users to define their needs, plan execution strategies and schedules, and deliver training.  Key Achievements:  • Provided production support for 27 key systems at H-E-B, and managed software upgrade for three of those systems while minimizing downtime for users.  • At Washington Mutual, worked on the conversion of the Alltel mortgage system to the ALSS mortgage system. Participated in analysis, design, programming, and database design for mortgage system conversion. Designed data layouts for Oracle databases.  • Modified and enhanced customer information credit card system and relational databases for MBNA, and played primary role in systems integration testing. Senior Consultant, (2 contracts) Scope of Technologies - Houston, TX October 2001 to January 2002 Unix, Java applications, Mainframe, MS Office  Key contributor in project that put Outage data on the Intranet. Created process to download data to an Oracle database in near real time. This dramatically reduced response time to customers where there had been very long response during storms. Also managed the SAP Customer Care interface to the Outage system. Asked to come back to work on Graphical Switching Project.  Key Achievements:  • Creating Outage Oracle database increase speed of response to electrical outage reports by 30%.  • Interface to the SAP Customer Care system went in smoothly. Senior Consultant, (contract) Shell Trading / Coral Energy - Houston, TX September 2000 to October 2001 Responsible for five GL/Payroll interfaces. Discovered causes of serious General Ledger problems for two different subsidiaries. Ensured major fixes were installed. In charge of two re-writes of applications for both Coral and a spinoff company and a new application which interfaced to JD Edwards. Created new time entry system. Converted engineering/energy trading application. Responsible for maintenance of Lawson Financial subsystem.  Key Achievements:  • Creating Outage Oracle database increase speed of response to electrical outage reports by 30%.  • Interface to the SAP Customer Care system went in smoothly. Senior Consultant/ Senior Developer, (contract) Frito-Lay - Plano, TX May 1997 to April 1999 Supported two fixed assets systems, Capital Projects Management system, and Accounts Payable/Capital Projects Control systems.  Key Achievements:  • Made numerous improvements.  • Worked with conversion team on migration to Oracle Financial Systems. Sr. Systems Analyst FIDELITY INVESTMENTS March 1995 to May 1997 • Supported the Invest One Trust portfolio accounting System and Impact retail reporting system. Made requested changes and provided support for the systems.  • Successfully completed two conversions from external vendors to in-house system. Education Bachelor of Science University of Houston - Houston, TX Skills PM, Waterfall, SDLC, Scrum Master, Project Management, Software Development, Information Technology, Scrum