Sr. Project Manager - Engineering Apps Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Engineering Apps Sr. Project Manager - Engineering Apps - AIRBUS Wichita, KS Work Experience Sr. Project Manager - Engineering Apps AIRBUS - Wichita, KS June 2018 to Present Budget cut)  PM'd the following:  • Virtual Reality desktop innovation POC. Established headset / basic workstation proof of concept, then  migrated to production workstation and GPU. Defined innovation rollout WBS plan and schedule.  • PM'd pilot for upgrade and hemispheric rollout of Unified Communications. Spearheaded documentation.  • Framed up project initiation for enterprise Windows 10 upgrade. Set work packages and initial schedule with estimates. Led analysis and prioritization of 700 applications.  • Established workaround for engineers to work as independent contractors for 3rd parties. Had to work on  University network with 3rd party laptops and utilize cloud storage providers for mass data exchange.  (CAD). Sr. Project Manager PAYLESS SHOESOURCE July 2016 to February 2018 Project managed alternate releases for Project OMNI, an Oracle ERP retail selling implementation. PM'd a  team of 15 to install the data integration between legacy order management and the new apps. Developed PAYLESS SHOESOURCE - Topeka, KS March 2016 to February 2018 QA and Production PAYLESS SHOESOURCE February 2017 to July 2017 stories, set scope and installed 5 releases between February 2017 until July 2017. Led DR preparedness and planning efforts just shy of actual testing.  • Project managed OMNI infrastructure setup at 3rd party data center for test, QA and Production.  • Project Oscar, an Agile pilot project, decommissioned 57 legacy systems. Utilized Agile defining stories and sprints delivering viewable value (reduced compute & storage) weekly.  • Renewed Payless DR program and testing efforts. Matured all aspects including RTO assessment, RPO  alignment, reviewing tiers and ordering of all critical applications. Project planning for remediation gaps and annual testing effort. Populated CMDB for Disaster Recovery information.  • Led service selection and project managed a Contract Management application replacement. Agiloft,  CobbleStone, ContractWorks and others reviewed. Implementation pending. IT Leader PAYLESS SHOESOURCE July 2016 to March 2017 Led team towards measures and visibility. Worked to mature the PMO function by setting standards,  governance and pushing to migrate to an integrated PPM system. Started initial phases of testing  ServiceNow PPM. Coordinated $26MM overall portfolio.  • Guidance over IT augmented resources in Mumbai, India. IT Senior Project Manager PAYLESS SHOESOURCE March 2016 to July 2016 • Successfully completed 15+ IT production support projects over first 5 months at Payless.  • Piloted Agile on projects breaking effort into stories and utilizing sprints. Project tracking and reporting was  more traditional waterfall. OMNI retail app was truly agile with code kept shippable.  • Successfully completed Disaster Recovery Upgrade and Testing program ($250k+).  • Removed a Merchandising / Pricing program from a 3rd party saving $1MM per year. Program Manager KOCH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS (KBS) - KOCH INDUSTRIES January 2015 to October 2015 Led program for consolidating Guardian Flat Glass Global Plant ERP systems for 27 plants. Using waterfall,  team consolidated multiple local systems into regional databases and single set of code.  • Consulted on establishment of Guardian IT Project Management capability.  • Led IT integration program for Molex acquisition and Global Service Desk Services. Technical integration  completed successfully. This was a HUGE program tying in global networks, AD, email, etc. for an $8B  company into those of a $120B company. Service desk services placed in execution phase with 11 projects. KOCH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS (KBS) - KOCH INDUSTRIES - Wichita, KS May 2008 to October 2015 Process Manager KOCH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS (KBS) - KOCH INDUSTRIES September 2013 to December 2014 • Promoted and piloted Workload Capacity planning process and reporting. Success as a pilot.  • Developed roadmap and business case for new ticketing tool platform.  • Directed Change and Problem Management improvements for KBS & customers. Program Manager - Business Improvement/Infrastructure KOCH BUSINESS SOLUTIONS (KBS) - KOCH INDUSTRIES May 2008 to September 2013 • Developed business cases for large KBS efforts.  o Project, Program Management system review & selection.  o KBS Wichita Data Center Upgrade ($8MM electrical upgrade successful).  • Helped establish KBS IT Services and project controls, communication and workflow for new IT operations,  including IT security. Created and reviewed over 100 statements of work (SOW's).  • Effectively executed the integration of IT infrastructure functions into one new support team.  • Integrated, communicated and trained project management functions with Koch decision-making framework with new project managers, and infrastructure and security project leads. Hired 9 project managers. IT Manager - Security HALLMARK CARDS, INC June 2004 to May 2008 • Directed IT Security Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance servicing Retail division.  • Positioned new SAP ERP security team for installation waves (GRC module).  • Integrated outsourced IT services provider (ACS) into IT Services and Security function.  • Established Disaster Recovery strategy and project managed many infrastructure improvements for DR.  Successfully completed 2 annual tests and subsequent remediation.  • Established new IT Security strategy of "Protection While Enabling"; promoted a risk management approach  versus compliance focused. HALLMARK CARDS, INC - Kansas City, MO June 1981 to May 2008 Audit Manager - IS / Finance HALLMARK CARDS, INC June 2000 to June 2004 • Established and refined an IT Audit business model and approach. Diplomacy ahead of confrontation.  • Responsible for oversight and audit of project management and IT aspects of the consolidation of nine  Hallmark UK companies. Complete over 75 audits ran as projects.  • Business Continuity audits brought focus and priority from the Hallmark CEO benefitting Disaster Recovery. Sr. Web Developer/PM HALLMARK CARDS, INC June 1995 to June 2000 Installed HR and payroll systems from Integral (now INFOR). Utilized workflow engine (Edify) linking  processes to VRU and web pages.  • Led process documentation and business analysis, then project managed development of transactional input for training class sign up, payroll withholding, and other HR functions. Programmed a survey engine for in-house surveys utilizing Cold Fusion tied to HTML.  • Miscellaneous systems coding, testing, implementation, support, team leader and people manager. Education BS Information Systems / Pittsburg State University - Pittsburg, KS 2006 Skills Scrum Master, Waterfall, PM, ITIL, Project Management, Project Management Methodology, SDLC Additional Information Performance-driven IT leader with experience and talent for establishing and improving IT process and functions.  Strengths in developing and mentoring teams and individuals. Focused project / program manager the past 10  years. Brings a balanced view of project management from solutions, infrastructure and controls experiences.  Loves learning, mentoring and team building. Seeking to be PMI certified.