IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Orange, OH Self-motivated with high level of drive and initiative professional. Exceptional communication skills (verbal and written). Articulate, assertive, and persuasive. Equally effective in one-to-one, small group, counseling, presentation, negotiation, and public speaking scenarios. Bringing 4 years of experience in project management, along with working effectively and directly with a diverse international populations. Work Experience IT Project Manager MOSS CORPORATION - Solon, OH February 2018 to July 2019 • Reported directly to Owner/CEO & CTO of Moss Corporation.  • Managed new IT & Marketing Projects and Enhancements.  • Led development team in enhancing software application by adding a new interface and layers.  • Leveraged a waterfall methodology, eventually switched to Agile.  • Direct contact for vendors, managed contract negotiations, project management and budget review.  • Utilized SQL, JIRA and Tableau Software.    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to the implementation of revenue generating projects for Moss Corporation generating over $1 million in total sales by automating new insurance carriers and sales earning sites. IT Business Analyst AMTRUST FINANCIALS - Cleveland, OH February 2016 to January 2018 • Managed technical systems and new system development for Acquisitions & Strategic Projects for AmTrust Financials.  • Gathered business requirements from clients, validation of rules, process mapping/workflow and documentation.  • Utilizing SharePoint, SQL & VSTS (Visual Studio Team Services).    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to the implementation of the Global Policy System for AmTrust Financials Italian office generating over $8 million in total sales by automating insurance policy process. Business Analyst NACCO MATERIALS HANDLING GROUP - Beachwood, OH June 2015 to December 2015 • Worked under the direction of the President and CEO.  • Independently managing and providing analytical and strategic reports for quarterly inventory and financial loss/gains.  • Participate in and manage special projects.  • Prepare presentations for multiple audiences including the Board of Directors, senior leaders, employees, investors, suppliers and customers.    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to the Investors & Board of Directors earnings details by preparing and reporting quarterly financial data containing required information for SEC filings and assisting in maintaining dividend and stock growth. Training & Development Specialist ALERIS INTERNATIONAL - Beachwood, OH November 2013 to June 2015 • Coordinated global training and development programs for various levels of employers (should this be employees?) and management within Aleris including all US, Asia and European facilities.  • Primary contact person for offshore staff in Asia.  • Vendor & Contract Negotiation for materials, meeting locations etc.  • Assisted in developing & designing new training programs in addition to updating existing programs.  • Maintained training and development records within Learning Management database.  • Collaborated with executive leaders, departments, and committees to organize and create global marketing literature.  • Managed training coordinators in Europe and Asia by creating and implementing process improvements.  • Communicated and fostered client relationships with external vendors. Travel to training sessions as HR representative and oversee training activities.    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to the training and development initiative for the organization by marketing and soliciting efforts resulting in an 80% training rate for contributors, supervisory, mid-management and executive level employers. Facilitated program budget cost savings based on client relationships and contract negotiations. Content QA Analyst LexisNexis - Beachwood, OH October 2012 to November 2013 • Created, tested and maintained insurance quote routines by confirming all meet technical standards for productivity, and accuracy.  • Ensured that insurance quote routines documentation and communication was completed in a timely manner to external insurance organizations.  • Trained and mentored team members by improving accurate data output.  • Standardized cross-state procedures.    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to meeting technical, data analytics and productivity standards supporting compliance for new and existing receivable management systems. Successfully contributed to onboarding and training for the Asian market ultimately assisting in early phasing of department transfer to the Philippines. System Administrator EATON CORPORATION, World Headquarters - Cleveland, OH October 2008 to October 2012 • Co-Managed CounselLink legal matter management and legal billing system.  • Monitored and responded to daily CounselLink correspondence.  • Analyzed, created, edited and processed weekly invoice error reports for departmental distribution.  • Analyzed, created and edited legal matters within CounselLink.  • Provided departmental month end financial reports for accounting analyst review.  • Created and analyzed requested reports presented to the Senior Legal Leadership Team.  • Supplied reports and metrics for P.M.A.D (Process, Measurement, Analysis and Department Performance) committee used for departmental Balance Scorecard goals.  • Contributed to mid-year/year end individual performance evaluations for CounselLink users within the legal department including Senior Leaders.  • Conducted training via web meetings/user sessions to CounselLink users in addition to assistance with error resolutions.    Accomplishments  Successfully contributed to the development and implementation of the CounselLink Matter Management system in addition to reporting financial results, training and change champion for the legal department. Resulting in revenue growth based on timely invoice processing and error resolution efforts. Education MBA CHANCELLOR UNIVERSITY (JACK WELCH MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE) - Cleveland, OH May 2010 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration MYERS UNIVERSITY - Cleveland, OH May 2007