Contractor Contractor Contractor - Staffing Now Springfield, VA Federal IT Specialist with over 6 years of experience managing company financials, inventories, and operations with a focus on state regulations. Experience in supporting multiple parties, with particular knowledge on multiple large scale organization wide projects centered on technology analysis and management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Contractor Staffing Now - Vienna, VA June 2019 to Present Receptionist duties  Mail Room duties Document Specialist Global Commerce Systems - Herndon, VA June 2018 to May 2019 Create and edit import and export documents for U.S. Customs and Border Protection  Managed filing for entire office, prepped file boxes for long term storage  Maintained office organization and cleanliness Bookseller Barnes and Noble - Springfield, VA August 2014 to September 2018 point of contact for incoming customers to provide assistance through multiple store departments  • Coordinate the construction and placement of merchandising displays regarding new promotional advertisements for various new products  • Keep all store merchandise updated with Barnes and Noble inventory guidelines through section zoning  • Redirect all phone traffic to appropriate store divisions as requested through complex systems  • Provide store supervisors with feedback on various clientele interactions and product sales performance  • Remain updated on forthcoming arrivals for both reading and music releases to generate consumer interest and execute pre-orders as needed  •Performed monthly cycle counts in each section of the different departments, music and bookfloor.  •Received and sorted daily shipment. Placed items in respective sections for shelving. Contractor Staffing Now - Vienna, VA February 2017 to June 2018 Data Entry Specialist with a focus on Import and Export documents  Managing filing system  Updating paperwork, maintaining documents and word processing  Helping organize and maintain office common areas Delivery Driver 3rd Party Logistics - Richmond, VA June 2014 to January 2017 Transportation of medications and prescription to medical facilities, youth homes, rehab centers and retirement communities in the Northern Virginia area  • Standardize process of acquiring items in need of transfer from development facilities to various clientele locations  • Ensure batch accuracy through detailed itineraries and inventory lists  • Distribute complex packages to multiple locations abiding by tight deadlines  • Execute large deliveries with a heavy workload on a nightly basis IT Production Analyst PC Recycler, Inc - Chantilly, VA April 2010 to January 2014 Inventory team lead for all audit and customer service requests for company contracts  • Direct and track all financial activity using multiple spreadsheets and databases to ensure efficient actions and solutions to possible discrepancies for project management support teams  • Comprehensive knowledge of all products received on a daily basis regarding various workstation and server systems within a Microsoft Windows Active Directory environment.  • Installation and configuration of multiple WinXP & Win7 operating systems and associated platform applications.  • Provide technical leadership to appropriate personnel on highly complex system administration activities as well as solutions and escalated support for non-routine, highly complex technical issues.  • Organize and operate the financials regarding the collection and online sales of PC and computer equipment via E-bay.com, Amazon.com, and other online portals  • Experience with formal advertising and negotiated procurement procedures sufficient to develop solicitations, evaluate offers, negotiate prices and terms and recommend award of contracts for a range of standard or specialized supplies or services; or knowledge of contracting principles and procedures sufficient to administer contracts for a range of standard or specialized supplies or services.  • Thorough understanding revenue recognition and how it works through ERP.  • Review purchase requests to validate and consult with the Requesting Office to obtain missing documentation  • Primary point of contact for all issues regarding customer service requests for clarifications on company policies  • Monitor and maintain warehouse inventory totaling more than $100,000.00 on a day to day basis  • Extensive organizational and planning skills to ensure employee and customer workstations are prepared for testing activities on a weekly basis and concurrently perform ad-hoc reconfigurations based on customer needs.  • Managed monthly inventory for online retail items.  • Performed cycle-counts and updated inventory as new items arrived.  • Devised inventory layout and placement, coded the rules and guidelines on placement for new inventory items.  • Worked with receiving department to coordinate shipments of equipment and load trucks efficiently.  • Organized pallets for storage with forklift and pallet jacks. IT Project Manager Freddie Mac Home Loan Mortgage Corporation June 2008 to March 2010 Primary point of contact for all project requests regarding IT procurements  • Deployment team lead working to help process, deliver, and assemble new user workstations, including keyboard, mouse, monitor, and docking stations for laptop computers  • Backup and restore user systems in preparation for company system upgrades and/or replacements  • Reclaim old equipment including monitors, printers, and other unneeded computer parts  • Help with inter-department customer service system issues such as software, e-mail, and technical problems  • Long term experience with multiple types of customer service, from client to end-user IT Technician Modis IT Consultants, Rite-Aid Co - Salem, VA February 2007 to May 2008 Process customer service requests and repair faulty equipment that included servers, workstations, registers, printers, and monitors, sent in from the Mid-East Coast Region  • Installations and including power cards in flat panel monitors to help decrease the operating costs on the average of $5000.00/month for Rite-Aid Co. by eliminating the need for new monitors  • Constructed and maintained an organizational database to streamline the efficiency of the Salem depot.  • Primary point of contact for field technicians and vendors for requests on orders and customer service requests. • Maintained documentation of current workload as well as archives of completed procurements.  • Update and review customer records Service Consultant Intelligent Decisions Inc - Ashburn, VA June 2006 to February 2007 Performed work at various government locations in the DC-Metro area to help troubleshoot and repair Dell systems, PCs, laptops, and printers on site  • Completed inventory tasks involving private sector clients' equipment on site  • Completed warehouse inventory tasks, involving cycle counts and end of year reconciliation.  • Assisted shipping and receiving, including loading and unloading trailers and packing items for shipment.  • Background in analyzing and interpreting information using critical thinking skills  • Constructed and upgraded computers piece by piece for employee use and purchase  • Service representative for all customer service requests and ongoing client satisfaction.  • Built strong relationships leading to prosperous business relationships and efficient business. Education MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE George Mason University 1998 to 2000