Senior Project Coordinator Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Senior Project Coordinator - ByLight Professional IT Services Inc Erda, UT Work Experience Senior Project Coordinator ByLight Professional IT Services Inc - Salt Lake City, UT April 2016 to Present My Success at ByLight is tied to persistent work with the Program Manager, Project Manager, and other technical staff to ensure deliverables are met.  • Responsible for the planning and analysis of a large scale, complex, and cross-functional project  • Create and manage the Integrated Master Schedule in Primavera and Microsoft Project  • Build schedules utilizing a standard WBS that ties to the Veterans Health Administration ProPath and PMAS project management methodologies and governance.  • Report schedule status using VA project health check and Earned Value methodologies and standards.  • Perform as integral member of a large team supporting the implementation of the Veterans Lifetime Electronic Records Initiative and the Health Care Payment System for the VA.  Day-to-day responsibilities include:  • Closely work with all levels of client organization, particularly the Program and Project managers.  • Ensure timely cost and schedule controls are implemented and maintained during the project lifecycle.  • Support the project by proactively implementing processes and methodologies related to planning and scheduling.  • Facilitate new project planning, scheduling sessions, and periodic reviews of established plans to maintain schedules.  • Recommend corrective action for projects that are behind schedule or over budget to resolve conflicts  • Utilize trend analysis of cost and schedule performance to identify areas of concern and proactively work to implement corrective actions.  • Team with Project management to plan manpower requirements, workload distribution, and organization budgets.    Tools Used:  Primavera P6 Enterprise  Primavera Progress Reporter  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio Senior Project Planner / Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprise Inc - Salt Lake City, UT June 2013 to April 2016 Success at HPE is tied to my task oriented nature and persistent work with the Project Manager and other technical staff to ensure deliverables are met.  • Responsible for the planning and analysis of a large scale, complex, and cross-functional project  • Create and manage the Integrated Master Schedule in Primavera.  • Build schedules utilizing a standard WBS that ties to the Veterans Health Administration ProPath and PMAS project management methodologies and governance.  • Report schedule status using VA project health check and Earned Value methodologies and standards.  • Perform as integral member of a large team supporting the implementation of the Veterans Lifetime Electronic Records Initiative and the Health Care Payment System for the VA.  Day-to-day responsibilities include:  • Closely work with all levels of client organization, particularly the Program and Project managers.  • Ensure timely cost and schedule controls are implemented and maintained during the project lifecycle.  • Support the project by proactively implementing processes and methodologies related to planning and scheduling.  • Facilitate new project planning, scheduling sessions, and periodic reviews of established plans to maintain schedules.  • Recommend corrective action for projects that are behind schedule or over budget to resolve conflicts  • Utilize trend analysis of cost and schedule performance to identify areas of concern and proactively work to implement corrective actions.  • Team with Project management to plan manpower requirements, workload distribution, and organization budgets.    Tools Used:  Primavera P6 Enterprise  Primavera Progress Reporter  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio Project Manager / Analyst Intermountain HealthCare - Salt Lake City, UT July 2012 to June 2013 Information Systems Division  ICD 10 Migration project    This project has been initiated to facilitate the migration of the information systems used for processing ICD codes from the current national standard of ICD 9, to the upcoming standard of ICD 10.    Day-to-day responsibilities include:    • Closely work with all levels of Business Revenue Organization, particularly the Program Managers.  • Team with Project management to plan manpower requirements, workload distribution, and organization budgets.  • Support the project by proactively implementing processes and methodologies related to planning and scheduling.  • Facilitate new project planning, scheduling sessions, and periodic reviews of established plans to maintain schedules.  • Utilize trend analysis of cost and schedule performance to identify areas of concern and proactively work to implement corrective actions.    Tools Used:  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio Senior Project Planner / Analyst Systems Made Simple Inc - Salt Lake City, UT November 2010 to July 2012 United States Department Of Veterans Affairs (VA)    Veterans Lifetime Electronic Records Initiative (Adapter Project)  Financial Services Center (HCPS Project)    Success in this project has been tied to my task oriented nature and persistent work with the Project Manager and other technical staff to ensure deliverables are met.  • Responsible for the planning and analysis of a large scale, complex, and cross-functional project  • Create and manage the Integrated Master Schedule in Primavera.  • Build schedules utilizing a standard WBS that ties to the Veterans Health Administration ProPath and PMAS project management methodologies and governance.  • Report schedule status using VA project health check and Earned Value methodologies and standards.  • Perform as integral member of a large team supporting the implementation of the Veterans Lifetime Electronic Records Initiative and the Health Care Payment System for the VA.  Day-to-day responsibilities include:  • Closely work with all levels of client organization, particularly the Program and Project managers.  • Ensure timely cost and schedule controls are implemented and maintained during the project lifecycle.  • Support the project by proactively implementing processes and methodologies related to planning and scheduling.  • Facilitate new project planning, scheduling sessions, and periodic reviews of established plans to maintain schedules.  • Recommend corrective action for projects that are behind schedule or over budget to resolve conflicts  • Utilize trend analysis of cost and schedule performance to identify areas of concern and proactively work to implement corrective actions.  • Team with Project management to plan manpower requirements, workload distribution, and organization budgets.    Tools Used:  Primavera P6 Enterprise  Primavera Progress Reporter  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio Senior Project Manager / Planner / Analyst CORELOGIC INC - Sandy, UT May 2009 to November 2010 Broker Price Opinion Division    Acting as the liaison between business and IT, I have encouraged and facilitated innovation to project management processes that resulted in increased automation, productivity, and satisfaction of business clients with IT performance and reliability.  • Working with business project stakeholders to plan and elicit detailed requirements ensuring that the projects selected and implemented by business complied with end user specifications and delivered tangible results.  • As a result of successfully managing to completion many large and small scale projects, systems stability and ability to process and complete orders has increased by fifteen percent resulting in an increase of revenue for the company.    Day-to-day responsibilities include:    • Development of processes and procedures that facilitate enhancements and workflow with internal users.  • Work with the Director of System Engineering to provide estimates for resources, timeline and cost associated with new development and production support requests including enhancements, reports, bug-fixes, and development projects.  • Preparing written responses to user requests for enhancements and other customer follow up requests in a timely manner.  • Preparing for and scheduling of User Acceptance Testing.  • Reviewing and approving system changes prior to being turned over to production.  • First-level escalation contact for on-going production support and trouble-shooting on current production systems.  • Providing systems training to operations and clients as required.    Tools Used:  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio  Microsoft Office Suite Senior Project Manager for Production Support Rastar Digital Marketing - Salt Lake City, UT October 2007 to September 2008 Digital Marketing Division    Reporting to the CIO, I was the single point of accountability for development and implementation of the PMO office. I directed the activities of team members on multiple projects and ensured that they provided high quality and cost effective services.  • Managed the master production schedule and project plan for data, production support and development projects.  • Evaluated and implemented project management tools for Production Support and Software Engineering projects.  • Implemented the AtTask Project Management Software suite.    Day-to-day responsibilities included:    • Direct and manage the data production team and provided leadership including hiring and performance evaluations.  • Review requests for production support, data and development projects, from cross-functional managers.  • Provided estimates for resources, timelines and cost.  • Manage requests for the production support helpdesk. Including priorities, resource assignment, estimates, and completion status and reporting.  • Designed and develop approaches to projects, ensuring the strategic directions of projects were in line with business objectives.    Tools Used:  AtTask Project Management Suite  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Visio  Microsoft Office Suite    The following professional experiences has been abbreviated for resume length considerations.  Project detail can be had upon request. Senior Project Manager Blue Shield of California - El Dorado Hills, CA July 2007 to October 2007 Quote To Card Division    Responsible for delivering a large scale, complex, and cross-functional project on time and on budget.  I successfully directed the activities of team members on the project to ensure they provided high quality and cost effective services. Senior Project Manager United Health Group - West Valley City, UT August 2002 to July 2007 Code Architecture and Software Applications    Responsible for directing multiple concurrent projects through all phases of the application development lifecycle.  During my tenure with United Health Care I managed numerous projects with a diverse range of priority and value for the company. Senior Project Manager / IT Department Manager Dentrix Dental Systems Inc - American Fork, UT December 2000 to April 2002 Internal IT operations    Responsible for multiple projects through all phases of the systems development lifecycle, as well as supervising and training a five member technical staff.  Management of database administration, network administration, and helpdesk support. I was also responsible for the development of capital, operating, and project budgets for the department. Education Federal Aviation Administration University of Utah 1992 to 1995 certification in Agile Project Management Methodologies Kent State University - Emeryville, CA 1986 to 1988