IT MANAGER / PROGRAM MANAGER, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT IT <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> / PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT <span class="hl">IT</span> IT MANAGER / PROGRAM MANAGER, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT IT Work Experience IT MANAGER / PROGRAM MANAGER, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT IT ORACLE - Conshohocken, PA March 2008 to June 2017 Oracle, a global provider of enterprise cloud computing. Oracle Cloud provides leading-edge capabilities in software as a service, platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and data as a service. At Oracle I managed the daily operations of various IT support groups, SA's and computer labs across North America. Direct quarterly maintenance and compiled detailed metrics for executive team.    RESPONSIBILITIES' & ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Help direct a large scale legacy computer lab decommission and replacement project. Approximately 7 labs.  • Advise lines of business on budgeting needs and hardware purchases on a quarterly basis.  • Lead project teams in solutions to the development community.  • Quarterly maintenance for over 200,000 systems.  • Manage all project resources, including sub-contractors.  • Provide day to day direction to the team leads and management.  • Interact with all roles on the client side, including CIO, CTO, IT Architects, Developers, technical staff and business representatives.  • Compile detailed metrics regarding quarterly maintenance and other areas of support operations. DIRECTOR, IT AND FACILITIES ADMINSERVER - Chester, PA March 2004 to March 2008 Oracle has acquired AdminServer, a rapidly growing provider of insurance policy administration software. AdminServer's product offering will become a core component of Oracle's existing insurance industry software footprint. My role as Director was to manage the IT staff and coordinate with facilities team and building owners. Took a lead role in expanding the company footprint to the adjacent floor, including building a self-contained server room with independent HVAC and UPS.    RESPONSIBILITIES' & ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Plan and implement large infrastructure and facilities projects such as office relocations and expansions.  • Plan, coordinate and direct research and deployment of all computer related activities.  • Regularly review security and DR policies and procedures.  • Purchase all IT related hardware, software and peripherals, maintain and support user community and network infrastructure. Manage maintenance and support of all equipment, software licensing purchases and renewals.  • Direct and manage the day to day activities and priorities IT team.  • Manage 24x7 support coverage for domestic and overseas teams and clients. SUPPORT MANAGER / PROJECT ANALYST - INTERNAL DEVELOPMENT TEAM J.P. MORGAN CHASE & CO - Newark, DE May 2000 to March 2004 JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) is one of the oldest financial institutions in the United States. With a history dating back over 200 years. I was part of a team to implement the private banks for an online banking support team. I also earned a Six Sigma Greenbelt award.    RESPONSIBILITIES' & ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Manage and oversee the support staff (approx. 8 directs) and operations of the Global Project Accounting and Reporting Customer Service group and Domestic Web Center of Excellence Client Care Team including performance appraisals and teaching support skills.  • Set and measure the objectives, processes and performance of the Customer Services Group staff within the Corporate Sector Technologies line of business.    • Maintain and project budget requirements, ensuring proper recovery for services rendered.  • Monitor project standards; analyze current project versus the set criteria; recommend workflow improvements to better meet project standards.  • Respond to a full range of client request inquiries and technical difficulties regarding our on-line products, prioritizing workload and being cognizant of operational constraints.  • Handle multiple tasks requiring careful, accurate attention to detail and follow them through to fruition with accuracy and efficiency. Education Associates in General Studies in General Studies Hagerstown Community Business College