Project Management Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Consultant Project Management Consultant - Harley-Davidson Motor Company via TEKsystems West Allis, WI I am a PMP-certified project manager with 21 years project management experience in infrastructure technology and software development. I have managed global infrastructure projects such as deploying $15M of service laptops to 5000 field service and sales employees, managed the infrastructure evolution in critical corporate ERP systems over multiple years, and managed a multi-year, $8M software development program. I have a passion for effective, efficient processes and have been involved in many efforts to analyze and modify processes to reduce wasted time and missed focus. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Management Consultant Harley-Davidson Motor Company via TEKsystems February 2016 to Present Provided project management for numerous IT projects at Harley-Davidson that involved enterprise-level hardware and software, both in the business and manufacturing areas. The projects included merging a Canada data center from a third-party acquisition into the Harley-Davidson infrastructure environment and processes (and dealing with the customs and license changes required), enterprise software upgrades, and re-implementation of the Harley-Davidson customer database and front-end web interface from an internal solution to a cloud-based solution. The most recent project was implementing the hardware and networking infrastructure for two new assembly lines in the Harley-Davidson York, PA manufacturing plant as part of the move of capacity from the Kansas City plant to the York plant. This involved coordinating the shutdown and shipment of physical computing and manufacturing equipment from KC to York, and then using the equipment to build the new York lines. Worked closely with multiple project managers who owned the various workstreams to ensure efficient coordination between the teams. Project Manager Consultant WennSoft July 2013 to January 2016 Managed application implementation projects for KEY2ACT (previously WennSoft), a Microsoft Gold Partner delivering MS Dynamics and custom application solutions to clients. Joined as a project management consultant and was hired after 6 months. The solutions include a suite of WennSoft/KEY2ACT applications (Signature, Evolution) built on the MS Dynamics platforms. The projects involved end-to-end delivery of custom and semi-custom solutions, including definition and implementation of server and network infrastructure, at client sites following a full SDLC processes, based on the MS Sure Step Methodology, from project initiation to closure, and required close integration with KEY2ACT consulting and SME resources, as well client IT and management staff. Managed the delivery of the NetSuite OpenAir PSA tool for use by the internal Professional Services department to handle timesheets, expenses, and invoicing of project work. Created the KEY2ACT Rapid implementation process to simplify and shorten KEY2ACT's implementation delivery to target small to mid-sized companies able to accept an out-of-the box, industry best practice solution. I led efforts to continually revise and improve our Professional Services processes through ongoing best practice review sessions with KEY2ACT's project management team. IT Program Manager GE Healthcare Via Affinity IT February 2010 to July 2013 Managed hardware infrastructure changes to the primary ERP systems for GE Healthcare, including the Oracle-based primary financial tracking system (GLPROD) and the primary product tracking system (GPM), both of which are Good Industry Practice (GxP) and Sarbanes-Oxley (SOx)-relevant systems. This involved implementing upgrades and new technology for server hardware (RAM, CPU, Storage, Networking, NAS, SAN) as well as coordinating software upgrades. Planned, organized, and managed infrastructure changes to the production ERP systems during the twice-a-year product releases, which involved 8-10 resources over 25-30 hour weekend effort. Maintained infrastructure adherence to all healthcare quality compliance mandates required by GEHC. Identified and delivered new processes and process improvements to delivery and maintenance processes, including a formal Release Checklist, Tech Services workflow, Lease Replacement management, OS Vitality management, and other processes. Resource Manager, PMO Consultant Affinity IT - Milwaukee, WI August 2009 to July 2013 Affinity IT 2011 to 2012 While providing consulting services to Affinity IT customers, also performed resource management for Affinity consulting resources, including career development, goals & objectives tracking, project tracking, performance reviews and salary actions. Provided 12-week long PMP-certification training classes, two in 2011, one in 2012, to PM's working to become PMP certified; the classes followed the standards of the Southeast Wisconsin PMI chapter and were formally recognized by the PMI organization.  GE Healthcare via Affinity IT    IT Program Manager August 2009 - December 2009 (5 months)  Integrated four disparate application support groups into the new GEHC Global Application Management and Support (GAMS) organization. This included process and metrics retraining of team members as well as implementing common data tracking processes. Coordinated the sharing of resources between projects and between teams to maximize resource utilization and meet business goals. Spent 30% of my time on Process Improvement activities targeted at reducing the overall hour cost of implementation projects. Reduced average project hours from 6000 hrs to 3000 hrs through improvements in process flow and efficiency, reducing redundancy, documenting details of expected process, and training on those details. Introduced a new Quality Assurance process to reach 100% requirement validation coverage using an automated, repeatable testing approach. Identified a set of needed internal tools to increase effectiveness and managed the projects to define and deliver the tools. Software Project Manager Metavante 2004 to 2007 Performed project management for software development projects for a retail and financial marketing suite of applications. Over the course of three and a half years, managed the Total Software Development Lifecycle process from Project Initiation to Customer Acceptance to achieve successful delivery of 8 releases of different software applications with a total allocation of 80,000 hrs of resource time. Coordinated sharing of resources, maintained all Project Artifacts, and tracked progress to tasks to maintain schedule. Integrated existing NuEdge software development processes into Metavante's Project Management Methodology that enabled the team to receive a 100% compliance rating on Project Management Office internal audits. Projects involved Microsoft .NET 1.1 and 2.0 development on a SQLServer database in a thin-client environment on Wintel platforms using Javascript and asynchronous callback techniques to allow for a thick-client interface experience for the end user. Project Manager NuEdge Systems 2001 to 2004 Provided project management for software development and system integration projects for a retail and financial marketing suite of applications. Was accountable for project definition, planning, execution, and quality. Applied process knowledge to improve development and testing processes for the software development and quality assurance team. Projects involved Microsoft .NET 1.0 and 1.1 development on SQLServer, Oracle, and DB2 databases in a thick-client environment on Wintel platforms.  Other Companies  Software Developer, Senior Software Developer, Software Project Manager, Business Analyst, IT Project Manager various companies 1983 to 2001 My early career focused on software development and IT infrastructure management at various companies. I spent 15 years as a software developer on many different software platforms before transitioning to business analysis roles and finally project management roles. Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science University of Central Florida Skills Microsoft Project, Estimating, budget, Scheduling, Word Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License