Senior Engineering Manager / IT Project Manager Senior Engineering <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Engineering Manager / IT Project Manager - Resideo Cedar Park, TX Work Experience Senior Engineering Manager / IT Project Manager Resideo - Austin, TX May 2019 to Present Assisted in building three DevOps teams to develop Honeywell thermostat installing and managing apps.  • Facilitated quick requirements gathering meetings to set apps requirements.  • Researched and evaluated project management tools to utilize the best fit with the lowest cost.  • Managed the projects of building Resideo thermostat installers and end-users' apps. Scrum master IV / IT Project Manager PDI Software January 2016 to May 2019 Scrum Master for two teams geographically spread across the globe.  • Evaluated teams' Agile health and maturity and set improvement plans. Executed plans that improved agile maturity by 30%.  • Facilitated scrum teams' ceremonies, running coaching sessions and solving daily impediments.  • Built and documented the process for the first scrum team as a proof of concept, the process is followed by 8 other teams.  • Trained teams and programs on Agile, Lean, Kanban, Scrum, SAFe, Jira, VSTFS, and Rally to enhance the Agile transformation practice.  • Collaborated in launching Agile Release Trains and worked with leadership and others to implement SAFe framework.  • Managed VSTFS implementations to ensure that workspace integrity is maintained while leveraging custom views and fields.  • Constructed Dashboards, queries, and reports consumed by different levels of the organization using VSTFS, Jira and Rally.  • Headed the agile training program for the entire engineering department. Trained more than 40 engineers on Scrum and 20 engineers on Kanban frameworks.  • Provided metrics and reports to all organization levels to help to forecast risks and to make educated decisions.  • Conducted individual coaching sessions to improve the Agile team maturity and resolve conflicts.  • Led scrum masters' sessions to solve common issues, prepare training materials and record best practices.  • Established strong relationship with Product Owners and helped in maintaining a healthy relationship between the POs and the engineers. PDI Software - Austin, TX February 2010 to May 2019 Software Engineer IV PDI Software February 2010 to January 2016 Collaborated with a team of 7 in designing and developing complex payroll web application used by more than 120 customers in 2k+ stores.  • Developed the time off calculation engine and corresponding pages using C#, and JavaScript.  • Designed and developed stylesheets from state and federal tax requirements.  • Contributed in developing Labor Scheduler application using AngularJS.  • Developed several Workforce application pages front end and back end.  • Served the engineer on call Helpdesk rotation, resolving P1 tickets within 4 hours window.  • Built the process to synch PDI systems using SQLBulkCopy and mapping columns.  • Added automated tests for labor scheduler using Selenium, reached more than 80% test coverage.  • Built the Hyper-V home lab and staged more than 40 VMs.  • Created PowerShell Scripts to automate the Hyper-V VMs staging and maintenance process. Adjunct professor PDI Software - Hutto, TX September 2013 to May 2014 Taught computer programming introductory courses Consultant CGI - Lebanon, VA August 2005 to February 2010 Consulted thru CGI with the following organizations  • AT&T - Created regression test plans for the Disputes Tracking System.  • PDI Software - Converted VB win forms to C# proof of concept.  • Air Canada Technical Services - Converted PeopleSoft legacy system data to the SAP using LSMW, DBC, & Function Module.  • Exxon Mobil - Added enhancements to the Environment Assessment System.  • OGSYS - Reverse Engineered Btrieve database to SQL database. Education Masters in Computer Science in Fields of Interest University of Texas at ARLINGTON - Arlington, TX Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics in Computer Science and Mathematics University of Texas at TYLER - Tyler, TX Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/zahernaarane