Consultant Consultant New York, NY IT FINANCIAL EXPERIENCE  • Project Manager for Financial application systems; managed core platform and data conversions.  • Collaborated with end users to assist and identify needs; Gather user requirements  Designed new business solutions.  • Mentored user groups.  • Analyzed data and workflows to recommend changes in IT Operations and Business areas.  • Trouble-shooter for data traffic from card processors; Worked closely with card networks such as VISA.  • Ensured production of reports for BSA and NCUA audits; Managed record retention.  • Partnered with user groups to produce required Tax Reporting.  • Worked closely with executive management.    PART-TIME & PRIVATE PRACTICE  • Partnered with startup companies to assist with marketing, project management, sales, and client facing  • Used Oracle Meraki platform to manage devices and apps for customer base.  • Assist non-profits with application considerations and user experience.  • Partner with graduate students in analyzing data using Tableau.  • Work as a seasonal tax examiner at night for The Department of Treasury.    GINA R. ROSSER-BURNETT    ginarburnett@gmail.com | 914.924.0554 | http://www.linkedin.com/in/ginaburnett Work Experience Consultant PART-TIME & PRIVATE PRACTICE 2012 to Present Assist businesses manage office tablet devices remotely using Oracle Meraki  • Partnered with non-profit to assist with a 3-year strategic plan; helped with marketing plans; analyzing training platform and working with team members on piloting system.  • Serve as Project Manager for events  • Worked with online startup company ORDERLESS.COM, a Nassau County based restaurant order platform; functioned as customer service representative; helped with marketing using social media, emailing, cold calling, and visiting potential clients.  • Stay abreast of current technology trends with a focus on big data and analytics platforms such as Tableau & Splunk. IT Manager/Executive Team Leader/ Project Leader USALLIANCE FEDERAL CREDIT UNION - New York, NY 1991 to 2012 Rye, New York 1991-2012  Member-owned financial cooperative with 10+ locations across Massachusetts, New York, and New Jersey.  IT Manager/Executive Team Leader/ Project Leader  • Managed IT Staff - Developers, computer operators, and record retention staff  Responsible for application change management, new development, and regulatory maintenance of system applications. Managed 15 in-house staff and five off-site consultants.  Managed vendor relationships and negotiated contracts/proposals. Reduced operating cost by $250K.  Developed and managed department budget of $1.5M.  • Executive Team Leader - Member of Executive Team in leading oversight of corporate projects; assisted in business evaluations; acquisition of resources.  Reported directly to CEO; Kept Executive staff abreast of project statuses; held Executive meetings; Consulted on business strategies; Participated in the core vendor selection process; Wrote and reviewed RFP's; Managed vendor communications and contracts.  • Project Leader - Managed large-scale IT projects and mentored business units on projects; Functioned as Internal Project Manager for a $6M core system conversion; Managed large vendors, reviewed and negotiated contracts; Served as subject matter expert in business systems, operational processes, system integration, and implementations; Directed and oversaw project scope, schedule, risk, stakeholders, monitoring, and implementation.    Project Manager & Application Development Lead | Consultant  • Directed all facets of project planning and management; including requirements gathering and analysis, solution design, specification development, testing/QA, change and release management, deployment, and support.  • Interfaced with cross-functional business stakeholders to identify needs and validate solution strategies.  • Trained and coached developers in the maintenance of financial systems such as brokerage and tax reporting.  • Oversaw application system changes to ensure compliance with federal requirements.  • Initiated and launched Quality Assurance Department for increased testing rigor, driving quality excellence in all system and application development company-wide.  • Sustained maintenance system for the Credit Union's CUSO, Affina brokerage services.  - Provided tax reporting guidance to brokerage unit; ensured correct 1099 reporting to the IRS and Credit Union members.  - Managed brokerage data; Leveraged against core financial system that included stock secured loans and total net asset value processing for financial products.  • Managed Home Banking System project with Multi-Factor sign-on requirement; coupled with Single Sign-On (SSO) for Web-based bill pay capabilities.  - Served as project manager and systems manager for ongoing system maintenance and enhancements.  - Led development of multi-factor authentication to meet FFIEC security standards.  • Assisted and led Software System Implementations.  - Guided developers, business units, and all stakeholders in implementing a new General Ledger System; integrating it with the Credit Union's core and ancillary systems.  - Led redevelopment and implementation of the tax reporting system.  - Directed software developers and guided IT staff through many financial application implementations and modified work processes.  • Managed conversion of data from newly acquired Credit Unions.  - Worked with core vendors to analyze delivered data from acquired financial institution.  - Assisted business units in the mapping of data and system parameter setting.  - Wrote software specifications for developers and operational procedures for IT Operations.  - Oversaw the implementation of data migration into core and ancillary systems.  - Worked with Human Resources to convert employee data and system security privileges.    ginarburnett@gmail.com | 914.924.0554 | http://www.linkedin.com/in/ginaburnett    PART-TIME & PRIVATE PRACTICE Education Master of Library Information Systems in Library Information Systems San Jose State University Master of Science in Internet Business Management Mercy College - Dobbs Ferry, NY Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems York College - New York, NY Associate of Applied Science (AAS) in MIS LaGuardia Community College - Long Island, NY Skills CREDIT (10+ years), ORACLE (5 years), ACI (5 years), CREDIT REPORTING (10+ years), DATA CONVERSION (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ginaburnett Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  • Leadership  • Project Management  • IT Management  • Strategic Planning    • Business Analyst  • Vendor Management  • Process Improvement  • Strong Communication Skills    • Data Management  • Software Management  • Implementations Management  • Solution Oriented    TECHNICAL SKILLS    Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS, IBM 9221 & Z890, ACI - OpeN/2, FISERV DNA 3.3  Languages: Visual Basic, SQL, HTML, SQR, JAVA, Python  Tools: Oracle, MS Project, SharePoint, MS Office, Tableau, Lotus Notes, SQL Developer, Hootsuite, WordPress  Solutions: Card Traffic, Data Conversion, Mobile Banking, Tax Reporting, Credit Reporting, Customer Statements, Device Tracking