Network Engineer/ IT Consultant Network Engineer/<span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Network Engineer/ IT Consultant - Promenet, Inc Flushing, NY IT professional who has worked with a wide range of technologies including but not limited to: networking,  network security, and server operating systems and applications. Experience working with many diverse  organizations, consulting and assisting in their infrastructure integration projects. Able to operate effectively in a  team contributing a positive attitude. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Engineer/ IT Consultant Promenet, Inc November 2015 to Present Provided IT consulting and integration services to a wide range of organizations of different size and industry.  Worked on the network security team; primarily focused on network infrastructure integration and security  implementation. Experience with configuring and implementing firewall devices such as: SonicWALL, Cisco ASA,  Palo Alto, Check Point, and WatchGuard.  Working in a fast pace, on-demand, environment with a mixture of clients. Responsible for network  administration, network design, firewall administration, and information security.    Familiarity with troubleshooting and resolving network and security related problems, including but not limited  to: switching and routing, internet connectivity, network device failures, VPN tunnels, ACL, and NAT.    Performed vulnerability external/internal scans, security assessments, and GAP analysis for clients based on frameworks - PCI DSS, NYSDFS, ISO 27001, NIST Project Manager Promenet, Inc June 2015 to November 2015 Coordinated internal resources and third parties/vendors for the execution of projects. Ensured that all projects  are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget. Resolved numerous project issues, and verified resource  availability and allocation. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Empire State College - Hauppauge, NY December 2014 Associates in Art in Art Erie Community College - Williamsville, NY May 2010 Skills Check Point (1 year), Cisco (1 year), Cisco ASA (1 year), firewall (1 year), switching (1 year) Additional Information Technical Qualifications  Cisco ASA, Cisco FirePOWER, SonicWALL, Palo Alto, WatchGuard, Check Point, Cisco and HP Routing and Switching,  Meraki Firewall and Switching, Meraki AP, Cisco Wireless Controllers/AP, Aruba APs, Active Directory, Symantec  Endpoint Protection, ConnectKey, N-Central, VMware, Windows Server 2003-2012, Qualys Scan Guard, Cloudmark  Server Edition, Cisco Ironport, Barracuda Web Filter