Business System/Data Analyst Business System/Data Analyst Business System/Data Analyst - Nova Southeastern University Coral Springs, FL Over 19 Years working directly in Information Technology ( IT) and 3 years with Human Resource - Project Management, Quality Assurance and product Owner (Business Analyst). Broad range of skill sets in IT. Project Management Professional, experience as project planning, implementation and execution, experience as Quality Assurance creating Test Plan and reporting issues, experience as Product Owner gathering and prioritizing requirements, experience in Software documentation. Proven ability to support multiple projects. Consistent track record of on-time and on-quality delivery. Excellent costumer service, oriented to clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business System/Data Analyst Nova Southeastern University (NSU) - Fort Lauderdale, FL December 2017 to Present - Identify project Stakeholders.  - Review project scope.  - Gather requirements.  - Create process flowchart in VISIO.  - Identify and create Product Backlogs - VSTS (Visual Studio Team Service).  - Document Process.  - Review Test Cases with the QA Team.  - Perform UAT - User Acceptance Testing.  - Review or create the documentation of the projects rollout.  - Create training documentation.   - Create Training schedule.  - Train Stakeholders, and End Users in applications, workflows or system implemented.  - Work with Banner (v.8, 9), Human Resource module.  - Create test scripts for automation (Banner 9) Human Resource module  - Participate in the Backlog Grooming /Refinement meetings.  - Participate in the Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective meetings.  - Support Stakeholders, and End Users in applications, workflows or system implemented.  - Execute Banner 9 regression testing (Human Resource module)  - Analyzed, implemented, documented, supported and transferred to HRIS unit, the I-9 Management System.  IT QA Analyst lead / Project Manager Broward College - Fort Lauderdale, FL March 2014 to December 2017 Present)  Lead different QA/PM Projects, identify project team and defined respective roles and responsibilities, identify Business Project leads, create Project Plan, Responsible for create project in HP Quality Center with testing Cycle, create test strategy document for each project, schedule and lead HP Quality Center training session with test leads, schedule and lead QA/PM process Overview meetings with project team, obtain test scenarios from Business Process owner, obtain projects Sign off, upload test scenarios to HP Quality Center, follow up defects and create Metrics for stakeholders, scheduling and leading daily defects review session, create automated Scripts in Kainos Smart (automation tool for Workday), Review and execute weekly automated scripts and report result, developing test/ project plans, test cases, test scripts and test reports for multiple projects, Member of the CAB Manager (Change Advisory Board) team and lead meetings. - Member of the PRB ( Project Review Board) team, member of the Broward College FAST team, identify alternatives to test in within the project and made contingency plans, test Mobile applications through BrowserStack (emulator used in Broward College), work in Microsoft Office tools (MS Word, Excel, Power Point and MS Project). Work in Team Dynamix (TDX) Project Portfolio management software solution, research testing tools, participated in meetings and work closely with Business Process leads, Developers, Network, and Web team, Maintained communication with project stakeholders and manage expectations. IT QA Analyst Manager SegPay November 2012 to March 2014 Developed the QA Process in the company introducing the QA process Map and QA documentation process (exe. QA Check list, Test scenarios template, lesson learned template, etc.). Performed functionality, integration, smoke, regression, performance, usability, acceptance, final candidate, GUI testing, Tested Mobile site, Developed test plans, test cases, test scripts and test reports for multiple projects, Tested website and the ERP company software developed in HTML and Silverlight. Performed testing on various browsers and versions (IE, Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.). Approved DELIVERY of new releases. Suggested changes in some flows applications for better user experience (UX). Identified alternatives to test in within the project and made contingency plans, Created SQL queries (CRUD), for better testing purpose, Documented software new features functionality. IT QA Analyst Manager Motion Point Corporation June 2008 to October 2012 Performed functionality, integration, smoke, regression, beta, performance, security, usability, acceptance, final candidate, GUI testing, Tested Mobile sites and mobile applications, Developed test plans, test cases, test scripts and test reports for multiple projects and I stored them in the proper places to be reused, Reported Issues and updated the test results using TM2 (in-house tracking tool), Verified the fixes through regression testing, Tested website developed with the following languages ASP.net, Java, Java Script, Ajax, Json, Performed testing on various browsers and versions (IE, Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.), Approved or denied DELIVERY of projects, Confirmed websites and applications were working as requirements specified, Tested Google Analytic number in source code, Tested Easy links, Trained new QA members becoming as a mentor for them, Participated in meetings and worked closely with Web Eng., PM and Support team to resolve and debug issues, Used IMacro and QTP to automate some applications as Bookings, forms, enrollments, shopping Carts, etc., I spoke with costumers or clients for trainings or for any explanation required, Suggested changes in some flows applications for better user experience, Participated in the "Express Redesign" testing process, Researched tools; add-ons or any application to help improve the testing process, Worked in Microsoft Office tools (MS Word, Excel, Power Point, and Access), Proved success in delivering projects within specified time frames, ensuring client satisfaction, Identified alternatives to test in within the project and made contingency plans, Handled several projects and assignments at the same time, Experienced with over 200 major clients in travel & hospitality, retail, healthcare, consumer products and government, Worked closely with support teams to ensure the problems reported by the customer is fixed and sent to the client. IT Project Manager at 2Stone Software Bioanalysis laboratories November 2002 to June 2008 2014 (5 years 7 months)  • Planned, directed and coordinated activities of multiple projects.  • Systems Integration and Business Process Management and Re-engineering  • Responsible for the following projects: ERP, Bioanalysis laboratories, POS, Websites.  • Defined project scope, objectives, staffing, resources and deliverables.  • Developed project plans that identify key issues, approaches and performance metrics.  • Planned and scheduled project timelines and milestones.  • Formulated risk management plans.  • Assembled and coordinated multi-disciplinary project teams.  • Lead and mentor up to 2 project staff  • Managed vendor relationships including negotiating and controlling contracts.  • Tracked project deliverables.  • Monitored quality assurance measures.  • Controlled project variances through root cause analysis and correction.  • Implemented and manage project changes and interventions.  • Managed and control project budgets.  • Develop and present reports on project progress.  • Maintained communication with project stakeholders and manage expectations.  • Evaluated projects and assess results. Education Bachelor's in Marketing Universidad Del Caribe 2002 to 2005 Bachelor's degree in Systems Engineering Instituto Tecnológico de Santo Domingo 1988 to 1992 Skills Excel (7 years), test cases (9 years), test reports (9 years), test scripts (9 years), testing (9 years), Scrum Master, PM, Waterfall, Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Project Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Certified Feb 2017 – Present License 565287 Scrum Product Owner Certified Credential License 569035 Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES    • Project Management: Extensive project management, decision making skills, demonstrated leadership with customers and consistent quality in the technical development of colleagues/subordinates; excellent qualifications in general management, human resources, client relations, training, and communication in a cutting-edge environment; proven ability to organize and lead multi-functional teams in the development, implementation and delivery of software and services.  • Product Owner: Advanced Product Owner responsibilities including Product Backlog management and Prioritizing User Stories in HP Quality Center, Holding daily Scrum and Backlog grooming, Creating user stories and working with UI/UX designers for product features, Defining short and long term product vision and communicating it to the development team and stakeholders, Interviewing end users to gain insight into product use, Product Demos with different stakeholders and users to get feedback for product improvement.    SPECIALTIES: Self-motivated, responsible and thorough; equally productive in collaborative and independent work environments, analytical approach to problem identification, assessment, resolution and crisis management, virtual team management, highly articulate and persuasive communicator who promotes positive, productive work environments, versatility and adaptability when presented with new and complex problems, superior relationship management and customer service skills.    SKILL SUMMARY:    • Scrum Master Certified.  • Scrum Product Owner Certified.  • Six Sigma Green Belt Certified.  • Extensive experience with requirements gathering,  • Business Analyst experience.  • Experience developing workflows and user stories.  • Efficiently synthesize project inform action and accurately establish project scope.  • Set project costs and productivity benchmarks.  • Successfully manage and control budgets.  • Develop good working relationships with stakeholders at all levels to build consensus.  • Effectively lead and coordinate project teams.  • Solve critical issues in a time-sensitive environment.  • Proven quality assurance, risk management and change management expertise.  • Quality Assurance (Software, WEB and Mobile)  • Great Usability testing Experience and collaboration with UX resources.  • Developed project/test plan test cases, test scenarios, test scripts and test reports based on the User Requirement Specifications  • Excellent qualifications: in General Management, Human Resources, Client Relations, Training, and Communication  • Specialties: Agile, HP Quality Center, Jira, TFS, Windows, MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint, MS- Project, Internet, Software Documentation, Visio, SharePoint, SQL experience (CRUD),  • Professional Trainer for different audiences  • Professional documenter for different audiences.  • Speak Spanish (fluently).    Thorough knowledge of:  • Cross-functional project management concepts, methods and practices.  • Information technology applications, processes, software and equipment.  • Business systems design and business process management.  • Testing techniques and methodologies.  • A results-driven professional with strong client-centric skills and an agile approach to project management.