Senior Technical Project Manager Senior Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Technical Project Manager - nVision Technical Consulting, Inc Washington, DC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc February 2018 to Present Security/Compliance/Infrastructure). Providing Technical Project Management service for Federal, State and Private industry (IRS, Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Library of Congress, USAID, LSI, TGC) in areas of Security, Identity and Access Management, Compliance, Infrastructure and Cloud services. (2/2018 - Present)    • Provided Cybersecurity/Forensic Security Engineering to a non-profit company that was attacked internally by one of its engineers who deployed malware, keylogging and ransomware, destroyed back-ups, stole financial and human resource records.  • Installed Solar Winds and Snort to harden and secure environment. Secured remote access into all 3 company sites. Worked with ISP to gather internet traffic that passed through the agency to analyze and identify source of intrusions.  • Used Cybersecurity forensic tool (SAN SIFT workstation) to scan and clean servers/desktops/laptops of malicious software as well as gather information and evidence of installed software to provide to authorities for prosecution.  • Cleaned up Microsoft Active Directory environment and GPO of rules used to provide ghost accounts created to access and monitor files and email accounts. Installed new rules of behavior and documented. Deployed Microsoft Azure for Identity and Access Management MFA.  • Responsible for building a national Help Desk for the IRS in 35 states around the country deploying 45 technical professionals in roles of Technical Leads, Help Desk Technicians and Desktop Technicians. Working with staffing company to interview and deploy technical professionals in the states and locations needed by the IRS. Developed policy and procedure for Tier 1, 2, and 3 technicians to allow smooth transition of issues. Wrote scripts for technicians to follow when addressing calls and then identifying those outside of their expertise and escalating within a timely manner. Developed tracking systems using proprietary software for the IRS to customize tracking of every call from birth to death. Provided weekly and monthly decks for presentation and report tracking to address performance issues where needed. Lead weekly national meetings in 3 separate time zones with staff to address issues and concerns.  • Provided support for software and hardware server hardening for various physical and virtual OS platforms (Windows/RHEL/Solaris) and applications using NESSUS and Tripwire (DISA STIG) scans to evaluate CWE and CVE results to produce and support CVSS status reports.  • Assisted and supported the migration and stand-up of new and current systems to the AWS Cloud based environment.  • Supported Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) policy and procedures addressing current and future cyber security needs.  • Assisted with the implementation and support of Cyber Security Framework using Tier 1,2,3, or 4.  • Addressed current Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy and procedures to incorporate Federal PKI (FPKI) updates and policies within the agency.  • Assisted with the design, implementation, and maintenance of user identity and access control technologies, and the associated processes and workflows to provision and de-provision access.  • Reviewed Role Based Access Control (RBAC) in regards to AD Group Policies/LDAP and resource access management.  • Worked with Global entity to address readiness for implementation of Global Data Protection Regulation EU (GDPR)  • Produced documentation to address policy updates and changes to the environment in areas of security compliance in accordance to existing and new POAMs and standard regulations at the Federal, State and Corporate levels. Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc - Washington, DC October 2001 to Present Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc June 2016 to February 2018 for Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Responsible for Infrastructure/Data Center Migration, Design, Consolidation and Implementation. Responsible for SA&A/C&A/A&A, DISA STIG, N.I.S.T., FedRamp, FISMA review of new and current applications (web) and systems. (6/2016 - 2/2018)    • Provided Project Management support to the Government Project Manager for Cloud Migration and Compliance Project  • Provided and maintained a project schedule and Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM) for the Project Management and Engineering Support Effort  • Provided monthly report that included a summary of all milestones and tasking completed, issues/risks, government dependencies, summary of the financials and Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP)  • Assisted with the development and review of Information Assurance (IA) documentation, system security plans, incident response plans, disaster recovery plans and technical documentation  • Participated in monthly risk management activities  • Participated in design reviews (Preliminary Design Review (PDR), System Design Review (SDR), Critical Design Review (CDR))  • Developed and maintained Program Charter, Project Charters and Communication Plan documentation  • Developed and maintained Resource Management Plans  • Developed Lessons Learned process and database  • Assisted with implementation of Program Management Roadmap  • Developed Standards Library  • Assisted with development of SOPPs  • Developed CPIC documentation  • Assisted with development of White Papers and Project Concept Papers Senior Security Project Manager/Security Analyst nVision Technical Consulting, Inc December 2014 to May 2015 for U.S. Department of Labor. Responsible for C&A packages using CSAMv3 for 4 web based applications (32 sub-systems) and security protocols/procedures using N.I.S.T, FISMA, FIPS 199/200, FedRamp, DISA STIG and SCAP across the agency. (12/2014 - 5/2015) (7/2015 - 11/2017)    • Provided system security life cycle (SDLC) initiation phase activities support  • Provided SSLC certification phase activities support  • Provided SSLC accreditation phase activities support  • Provided continuous monitoring/selection of controls to be monitored support  • Used Risk Management Framework (RMF) for system security categorization, performance of risk assessments support and documentation, security controls assessment, contingency and disaster recovery plan development, training, and testing support  • Developed security risk assessment and mitigation planning, implementation and continuous monitoring of risks.  • Provided incident response plan development, training and testing support  • Developed extensive WBS for tracking deliverable, project timelines, resources allocation, funding, milestones and overall deliverables management and status tracking.  • Developed POAMs from missed milestones or identified risk for future assessment through monitoring.  • Provided configuration management and security control/monitoring input support  • Scanned application code, network, and web sites using scanning tools such as SAINT 8, HP Fortify WebInspect, Nesses, Snort (IDS/IPS), DISA STIG and AppScan.  • Used Cyber Security Assessment and Management tool (CSAMv3) for C&A packages and ATO  • Provided security risk assessment and analysis of potential Cloud Computing environment  • Provided privacy impact assessment and personally identifiable information screening support  • Provided e-Authentication risk assessment  • Developed memorandum of understanding/interconnection security agreements  • Provided senior network security support  • Provided organization level security support  • Provided miscellaneous security support  • Performed (IV&V) Independent Verification and Validation of all SA&A/C&A packages and ATO intended to satisfy and determine use and user need using analysis, evaluation, assessment and testing of software process and procedure within the security and risk analysis framework. Assessed operational environment, users, operators, and hardware interfaces. Senior Security Solutions Architect/ Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc July 2013 to December 2014 for DuPont HR OpEx Global initiative responsible for all security analysis and recommendations for global roll-out and upgrade of HR environment and introduction of Mobility access around the world. (7/2013 - 12/2014)    • Worked directly with Technical Project Managers, Engineers and Help Desk Technicians in subject matter gathering and resources analysis of environmental functionality and communication. Solely responsible for Security recommendations and testing of new applications being evaluated for deployment into the HROpEx network.  • Responsible for the planning, implementation and changes for application and infrastructure budget.  • Produced high level documentation regarding security infrastructure design and functionality for both internal and external accesses. Updated current security documentation to incorporate changes within the mobility environment. Wrote help-desk scripts to address mobility troubleshooting.  • Worked with Mobility engineers to deploy MaaS360 MDM for iOS device certificate deployment and management for authentication and access to SharePoint multi-tenants, portals and Salesforce.com. Tested and deployed Microsoft Azure MFA for two-factor authentication for additional levels of security into the DuPont network and access to cloud information.  • Evaluated, tested and deployed WorkDay iOS application and two factor authentication for Senior Management access and eventual global roll-out. Wrote documentation, including screenshots for user download, installation and configuration of WorkDay iOS application.  • Implemented SalesForce Cloud Services across DuPont and multiple subsidiary companies on a global services scale using Sales, Service, Marketing, Analytics, Community, App and IoT components for enhanced customer service and delivery of products and services over iOS devices.  • Assisted in Security evaluation and recommendations in the deployment of Active Directory for two new spin-off companies from DuPont. Worked closely with Microsoft engineers and consultants to provide deployment documentation and security plans for new networks.  • Provided high level security evaluation when acquiring additional companies and absorbing them into the DuPont network or providing cross domain access via hardware or software.  • Worked with global staff as DuPont upgraded HROpEx Enterprise Identity Services in phased Wave 1 & 2 deployment in Asia and Latin America.  • Developed documentation from "Lessons Learned" for review and improvement of future projects Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc January 2013 to July 2013 responsible for analyzing and developing technical reports and recommendations for GlaxoSmithKline Senior Level Management in areas of Security, Disaster Recovery, Risk Assessment and Resource Allocation. (1/2013 - 7/2013)    • Worked directly with technical Directors, Engineers and Help Desk Technicians in subject matter gathering and resources analysis of environmental functionality and communication.  • Produced high level documentation regarding infrastructure design and functionality for both internal and external requests.  • Developed documentation to track and manage business and technical change resulting from new system deployment.  • Analyzed and produced recommendations regarding database functionality in regards to cross platform communications and information sharing. Worked directly with network and software engineers to evaluate software design, and security engineers for future upgrades to applications.  • Provided hardware recommendations for both virtual and physical infrastructure designs based on performance matrix and benchmark analysis.  • Produced Resource Allocations tables representing functionality across departments to produce a more streamlined process and procedure when developing applications for both internal and external consumption.  • Produced security templates for both application/software development and hardware matrix for relational databases in cloud environments.  • Reviewed and evaluated current cloud security for accessibility. Recommended security policy and procedure. Senior Technical Security Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc July 2011 to December 2012 Subject Matter Expert responsible for providing technical analysis and security project management for Maryland State Department of Human Resources Office of Technical Human Services. (7/2011 - 12/2012)    • Worked as technical lead project manager to guide and develop ECMS services and security for various agencies within the State of Maryland. Provided Security guidance for Department of Human Resources agency and subordinate agencies.  • Worked directly with Department of Human Resources/Chief Information Security Officer to solely develop Security policy and procedure for MD Department of Human Resources/Office of Technical Human Services.  • Wrote State wide security policies and procedures based on N.I.S.T. 800-53r4 Family Control Sets and supporting common control sets for each Family (totaling 18), HIPPA and Sarbaines Oxley (SOX). Submitted to Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Information Officer for enforcement throughout State of Maryland Department of Human Resources.  • Used BigFix and QRadar to monitor traffic across DHRs State wide network. Produces penetration reports with XEROX to review with DHR/OTHS CISO during weekly meetings.  • Developed Certification and Accreditation policy and procedures for all applications supported within the MD.  • Technical project lead for DHR/OTHS in working directly with Xerox/ACS, state prime contract, in developing SSP, Risk Assessment and Plan of Action and Milestones for each State application hosted by Xerox. Developed work breakdown structure's (WBS) in coordinating and preparing for Certification and Accreditation process.  • Provided security support for Department of Human Resources/Office of Technical Human Services environment and State-wide.  • Implemented SalesForce Service component for tracking and responding to State-wide customer service inquiries.  • Responsible for managing IT security engineers, Network/Infrastructure engineers and web/application engineers.  • Directed the State prime contractor (Xerox) supporting CHESSIE, CSEA, CARES (Child Enforcement) and Cottage application to produce Risk Assessments and SSP as precursors to Phase 1 and 2 of Certification and Accreditation packages.  • Provided Technical and Security consulting services to WAN/LAN and Security teams within Maryland State Department of Human Resources/Office of Technical Human Services.  • Prepared responses from IRS/CAP security audit regarding FTI and PII information security within Department of Human Resources environment used by the agency. Addressed security common control sets findings using various N.I.S.T. 800-53, FISMA and IRS 1075 publication.  • Provided QA/QC to MD Department of Human Resources/Office of Technical Human Services.  • Reviewed SDLC processes in the upgrade of HIX and EBT services to State residents as well as CARES modernization to CARES 2.0.  • Provided preliminary security recommendations and analysis for HIX infrastructure hardware and software design and deployment.  • Worked with Chief Information Security Officer in response to COOP and SARS for State and IRS auditors.  • Wrote security technical templates for SDLC of future applications within Maryland State Department of Human Resources/Office of Technical Human Services. Senior Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc November 2010 to July 2011 responsible for providing The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) with project management expertise in developing comprehensive work breakdown structures and project plans. (11/2010 - 7/2011)    • Worked with various agencies within HUD to identify programs that were capable of achieving viable goals to show OMB and GAO that they deserved additional funding for future years.  • Developed 30/60/90 day work breakdown structures that identified achievable goals for the use and presentation to hearings on the Hill with OMB.  • 28 agencies were paired down to 6 which I then worked directly with the government project managers to develop a more comprehensive WBS as directed by OMB and GAO.  • Develop 6/12/18 month WBS that was used by HUD agencies as the project plans as directed by OMB. Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc September 2009 to October 2010 responsible for first phase of technical SDLC analysis of NACCRRA website servicing all branches of military childcare services within the United States Military. (9/2009 - 10/2010)    • Worked directly with client to identify all interfaces (16) that made up clients current website.  • Developed spreadsheet breaking down each interfaces role, responsibility, stakeholder and location within the clients infrastructure.  • Developed diagram showing interoperability of each interface and its relationship with various databases.  • Lead team of DBAs to identify and diagnose database contents and redundancy within the environment.  • Identified and recommend information within these databases that would be migrated or eliminated.  • Developed migration plan for consolidating 6 database into one sole source database in the new environment.  • Identified COTS products functionality and produce recommendations as to incorporation or elimination within the new website environment. Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc February 2009 to October 2010 responsible for the technical analysis and diagnosis of Maryland State Lottery's UNIX environment. Developed a technical project plan for moving current applications to Microsoft .NET platform. (2/2009 - 10/2010)    • Worked with various technical teams to identify currently applications, functionality and role with the MSL UNIX environment.  • Developed spreadsheet ranking roles and importance within MSL environment. Incorporated stakeholders information and all pertinent information for each application as identified.  • Developed Risk Mitigation Plan for each application (12) and overall UNIX environment.  • Conducted high level technical meetings with each applications stakeholder.  • Developed Project Plan for each application as well as overall phase out of the current UNIX environment.  • Researched and recommended replacement or upgrades (coding language) to current application and infrastructure environment. Senior Technical Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc January 2008 to August 2009 responsible for developing the current master project plan for the IRS Windows Security Policy Server Implementation Project for deploying IRM 10.8.20 in compliance with the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA). (1/2008 - 8/2009)    • Developed initial straw man and charter in accordance with IRS and BOD agreements and directives.  • Worked with executive and technical personnel to develop a risk and impact assessment profile for each business unit with IRS based on current server configuration, applications, processes and roles with that business unit.  • Worked to help design GPO's that address necessary configuration changes across the IRS/BUs server platforms. Made recommendations in the design of the testing environment for current production line servers in a virtual environment.  • Developed and monitored WBS (Work Breakdown Structure) and schedules.  • Developed both Project Management and System Development Lifecycle (SDLC) documentation  • Developed and maintained Quality, Configuration, Cost and Communication Management  • Performed Risk, Cost and Integrity Management. Project Manager January 2008 to August 2009 for multiple Federal contracts providing Certification and Accreditation Phases I, II and III for several federal government agencies (OMB, Treasury, USDA, GSA, Commerce). (1/2008 - 8/2009)    • Responsible for writing winning technical and cost proposals for RFPs using information provided within the SOW and standards in accordance to that agencies process and procedures for certification and accreditation.  • Responsible for developing master project plans using Microsoft Project.  • Developed documents for Security Categorization (FIPS 199), PTA/PIA, SSP, Risk Assessment/e-Authentication RA, Continuity Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan, Configuration Management Plan, ISA and POA/Ms.  • Developed documents for Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA) and financial data transactions using N.I.S.T., OMB, Treasury, USDA and GSA regulations as guidelines.  • Provided IV&V assessment in accordance with N.I.S.T. 800-53 r4 evaluation of family control and common sets within software, hardware and environmental standards. Provided full life cycle assessments for ATO of new and current software.  • Implemented EVMS directed by OMB for ongoing government contracts. IT Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc - Fort Worth, TX October 2005 to December 2007 IT Project Manager in the design, configuration, implementation and deployment of Oracle Science Corporation's proprietary GPS Transportation Fleet Management System using various backend technologies incorporating several vendor solutions to achieve our clients' goals. WMATA, San Diego Transportation, West Chester Transit, Fort Worth, TX, Jacksonville Florida Transportation. (10/2005 - 12/2007)    Deployed SAN clustered platforms:  • Dell EMC SAN AX150, Dell Power Edge Servers 2950/1950/860, Silkworm Fiber Channel switch 200e;  • HP MSA 500 G2, HP Storageworks LTO 448, HP Module Smart Array 500 G2, HP DL 380G5/360G5, HP fiber channel SAN/18 switch;  • IBM Bladecenter H Chasis 8677, IBM Bladecenter Optical Pass thru module, Advanced Management Module, Xiotech Magnitude 750;  • Cisco ASA 5510, Cisco Catalyst 3750/Express 500G;  • Cisco 2811XM 10/100 Router;  • Cisco PIX 501;  • Cisco systems intelligent gigabit Ethernet switch module;  • QLogic 4gb SFF fiber channel expansion card;  • Cisco 1300/1240 Access Points;  • SSID, WPA-PSK, TKIP enhanced encryption;  • Windows 2003 Enterprise server R2/XP Pro/Vista Business;  • Microsoft cluster services;  • Citrix server farm;  • Microsoft SQL 2007;  • ODBC connector;  • Crystal Reports XI; WinVNC;  • YellowJacket wireless site survey. IT Project Manager nVision Technical Consulting, Inc January 2002 to September 2005 for Maryland State Highway Authority. Coordinate activities with client and additional subcontractors as needed. Maintain documentation for all aspects of the final design through FAT (factory acceptance testing). (1/2002 - 9/2005)    • Deployed VMWare ESX for testing purposes during build on HP DL580 G5.  • Managed teams of engineers from 2 to 12 depending on scope of project and need.  • Responsible for hiring and assessing skill set for long-term placement of engineers for clients.  • Implemented and expanded use of SaleForce for customer service inquiry and response.  • Supported two large government clients in 24/7 NOC in a Senior Support position, each environment supporting 100K plus users in Windows clustered server 2000/2003 environments;  • Exchange 2000/2003 clusters totaling 80K plus users per agency;  • Used tools NetIQ and Microsoft MOM to monitor 500+ Domain Controllers in the continent US;  • Supported Blackberry Enterprise Servers and clients totaling 3000 plus users;  • Used proprietary ticketing software to track, work and close support tickets;  • Used What's Up Gold to monitor router, switch and hub port access;  • Configured and repaired all requests per clients SLA of all supported equipment;  • Responsible for the implementation of requested RFC's to agency servers and supported client equipment of industry Service Packs and security upgrades to all agency equipment;  • Used LDIFDE and CSVDE to import and export information within Active Directory;  • Final point of contact for resolution of client requests per SLA.  • Responsible for consultation, design and implementation of hardware and software solutions in areas of LAN, WAN and MAN environments;  • Planning, installation, configuration and migration to Windows 2003/2000 Active Directory & Exchange 2003/2000 solutions;  • Responsible for the planning and migration from Windows NT 4.0 and 2000 AD/Exchange to Windows 2003 AD/Exchange Front-end/Back-end clustered solution using Microsoft Deployment tools ADC/ADMT;  • Provided high level documentation, disaster recovery and architectural design;  • Provided direction and support for IT Ops and Engineering groups;  • Deployed Microsoft Clustered server solutions using Windows 2003 Enterprise;  • Design Load Balancing solutions using Windows Network Load Balancing and F5 Big-IP;  • Supported HP SAN environment;  • Supported APC Infrastructure Data Center;  • Equipment manufacturers supported are Dell, Compaq, and HP;  • Installed and configured VERITAS enterprise back-up solution;  • Installed and configured Citrix Metaframe & Citrix Secure Access Manager;  • Configured and designed VPN network access solutions; Installed and designed wireless network solutions for office, apartment and campus environments;  • Installed and configured backbone equipment using Cisco, Nortel and Allied Telesyn to deliver internet service to large apartment complexes;  • Responsible for the installation and upgrade of client workstations running various Windows operating systems to the most current Windows environment being Windows XP Professional;  • Responsible for the recommendation and deployment of various data circuits per client need;  • Responsible for the planning and deployment of client IP network;  • Installed and configured secure wireless LAN/WAN networks;  • Responsible for the recommendation and deployment of both hardware and software firewalls;  • Responsible for the supervision of Technical Engineers on various deployment and installation projects;  • Responsible for implementing technical procedure and protocol regarding site surveys and technical recommendations; Installation and upgrade desktops from Windows 2000 to XP;  • Migrated several clients including Maryland DOT/State Highway Authority, users approximately 5500, from Novell/Groupwise to Windows/Exchange 2003/2000 environment using Quest migration tools and Microsoft MSDSS and FMU tools. Also synchronized file system as well as migrated printer services.  • Designed and implemented Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) across large enterprise replacing Documentum for file access, tracking and content control. Senior Network Architect - Engineer Ciraden, Inc - Fairfax, VA August 1998 to October 2001 Senior Network Architect position with a privately held dental management company responsible for the sole maintenance, configuration and design of a WAN/LAN running UNIX/AIX, Windows 2000 Server and Windows NT 4.0 SP5 Server on 18 servers configured for RAID5 using TCP/IP.    • Installed and configured separate environment using Windows 2000 Active Directory server and Exchange 2000;  • Responsible for the configuration and deployment of 90+ Bay Network/Cisco routers with DSU/CSU modules configured for RIP and OSPF attached to 4 T-1 AdTran TSU 100/120 MCIWorldCom frame-relay circuits located throughout United States;  • Recommended switch from BayNetworks routers to Cisco 2600/3600 series routers;  • Switched existing RIP/OSPF protocols to static routes to conserve bandwidth;  • Implemented load balancing to increase thru-put and access;  • Configured and installed BayNetwork 10/100 hubs and switches;  • Configured 1 ISDN attached to Ascend Pipeline router; Configured and installed Cisco 3600 router for 2 full T-1 Internet access pipes;  • Configured and installed Cisco PIX 525/520/515 Firewalls;  • Maintain, configure and installed numerous BackOffice components as Exchange 5.5, DNS, DHCP/wins, SMS 2.0, SNMP, SQL 7.0, IIS 4.0, Proxy and RAS;  • Maintain RS/6000 Unix/AIX server used to house primary dental management/financial software;  • Configured onsite DNS; Installed and configured Shiva LAN Rover E for RAS services; Configure Seagate Backup Exec Enterprise software;  • Configure HP DAT Tape backup;  • Configured PPTP & VPN protocols through Firewall for access over internet;  • Maintain and configured 300+ Windows NT 4.0 workstations on both HP Vectra desktops and IBM ThinkPad laptops;  • Configure HP NetTerminals used for terminal emulation sessions to Unix box;  • Installed and configured Intranet to allow secure access and distribution of financial data to Dental Practices using enhanced components from vendor and Microsoft IIS 4.0;  • Installed MS Office 2000;  • Installed and upgraded existing NT 4.0 systems to Windows 2000 Professional;  • Installed WebTrends server monitoring tool;  • Supervise Network Engineer in deployment and setup of sites;  • Responsible for the site survey and assimilation of newly acquired dental practices;  • Liaison with outside vendors in setting up telecommunications for acquired sites;  • Responsible for over-seeing deployment and conversion from Frame-Relay Network to DSL/Frac T-1 circuits to 60+ dental practices;  • Designed and implemented solution to deploy DSL service using Netopia routers for new Practice Management software which eliminated frame cost saving company $350,000;  • Configured solution allowing practices to access current UNIX environment via internet from dumb terminals;  • Responsible for establishing strategic alliances with vendors (MCIWorldcom/Digex, Intergraph) for co-location, web-hosting, and hardware deployment. Education Bachelor's in Accounting UMUC - College Park, MD January 1999 to June 2002 AA in Accounting Community College of Philadelphia 1993 to 1994 Skills Outlook, Scheduling, maintenance, budget, Estimating Additional Information AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Professional (PENDING)                        October 2019  CSAM v3 Certificate                                                                                   January 2015  ITIL Certification                                                                                         September 2010  CISSP Certification                                                                                    April 2010  Project Management Professional certification PMP - PMI                           June 2006  VMWare ESX Certified                                                                               February 2005  Cisco Certified Network Professional - CCNP                                             October 2001  Cisco Certified Network Associate - CCNA                                                  July 2000  Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer + Internet - MCSE                              Jan. 1999  BayNetworks Router Specialist                                                                  March 1999