Senior Project and Product Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> and Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project and Product Manager - MCCOY GROUP LLC Atlanta, GA Senior information technology ( IT) professional and consultant experienced in managing complex projects with top tier firms in healthcare, banking, capital markets, insurance, and education industries. Widely recognized for successfully designing and implementing innovative, well planned and executed IT programs and projects. Work Experience Senior Project and Product Manager MCCOY GROUP LLC - Brookhaven, GA November 2017 to Present Client: Corvus Automation LLC  Provide project and product management for this start-up Insurtech focused on Surplus Lines Automation as they look to mature their existing product and expand into new opportunities.  • Establish and maintain the Corvus Automation Project Management Office  • Lead all projects with significant strategic impact on the organization  • Develop product/program management governance tools and processes  • Work with state departments of insurance and revenue to document state specific filing and regulatory compliance requirements  • Define and test additional functional enhancements required for existing cloud products  • Define and test new cloud products  • Provide product demonstrations to potential clients  • Help with the day-to-day leadership and management of the organization  • Provide sound decision-making and problem-solving services  • Assist the organization in achieving, profitability, cash flow and business goals and objectives by managing the marketing efforts and manage new client relationships  • Assist in recognizing and cultivating rising talent and mange resource in order to build and grow a strong and stable workforce by recruiting, hiring, and managing staff  • Collaborate with the leadership team to develop and implement plans for the operational infrastructure of systems, policies, processes, and staff  • Provide Office365 Business and SalesForce setup and administration services Freelance Project Manager Self-Exmployed - Columbus, OH July 2016 to November 2017 Independent Contractor  Provided project management, and other IT consulting services to various clients ranging from insurance technology services to charitable non-profit industries. Other IT Services included:  * Performed a gap assessment of the client's software application and business needs which included contract reviews, compliance reviews, system reviews, staff interviews, and corporate strategy reviews.  * Created short and long-term recommendations for implementing a cost recovery model.  * Created an IT strategy that aligned with the overarching organizational strategy.  * Provided on-going support and guidance to IT leadership for implementing the recommended IT strategy changes. Senior Project Manager STONYHURST CONSULTING - Columbus, OH May 2016 to July 2016 Client: Ohio Bureau of Workers' Compensation  Created legacy application system conversion, legacy sun-setting, and recovery plans for BWC's CORE system project to that modernized the agency's technology architecture to better service Ohio's injured workers claims and employer policies. Integrated and managed multiple project plan components in preparation and support of go-live activities.  * Facilitated planning sessions with agency stakeholder groups (business operations, technical staff, and vendors) to develop a consolidated implementation plan for the final go live event.  * Worked with program manager to create a new risk mitigation process that consolidated areas of risk across the entire program in a single report for the executive leadership team.  * Established new weekly report format that focused on status, risk, risk mitigation, and tracking overall project progress to all project stakeholder groups. Project Management Office (PMO) Lead AMERICAN BUSINESS SOLUTIONS, INC - Lewis Center, OH March 2014 to May 2016 Client: Ohio Department of Administrative Services  Led PMO for a state benefit eligibility system modernization project designed to simplify the decision process for citizen benefit eligibility based on income, streamline state/local responsibility for eligibility determination, and modernize systems technology to improve consumer experience and significantly reduce related costs. Coordinated various projects within program.  * Worked with key stakeholder groups to design and implement a project release governance process that facilitate the planning and deployment of functional and technical capabilities based on business priorities.  * Prepared program status reports and informed senior leadership and stakeholders of project status and related issues.  * Managed project audit relationships and responded to inquiries from auditor of state, internal audit, and independent validation as well as verification vendor.  * Reviewed project deliverables and finances and recommended approvals.  * Backfilled departing project manager role for enterprise data warehouse and organizational change management work streams. Information Communication Technology Support FRANKFURT INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL - Oberursel, DE December 2010 to July 2013 Aug 2011 - Jul 2013)  Provided daily technology support to 50 staff members and 200 students in mixed Mac OS X, Mac iOS, and Windows environment. Supported infrastructure for all local Windows servers and wireless network (Windows Server 2000, 2003, and 2008).  * Created a real-time paperless laptop reservation application for a pool of 70 laptops that enabled teachers to see resource availability from anywhere while preparing their lesson plans.  * Documented numerous support functions to ensure that processes were repeatable and sustainable. IT Strategy Team Member FRANKFURT INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL - Oberursel, DE December 2010 to April 2011 Participated on Advisory team that contributed to development of technology strategy for school's 2012 technology strategic plan. Reviewed and analyzed 3rd party IT technology department audit results. Interviewed IT staff to document roles and responsibilities of the department. Near and Long-term recommendation were reviewed and included in the school's strategic plan. PMO Project Manager CITI FUND SERVICES - Columbus, OH September 2006 to December 2009 Managed portfolio of 10 to 20 active projects supporting IT internal strategic initiatives, including third-party system implementations and upgrades and platform/database migrations. Collaborated with internal system owners to define project requirements, business objectives, critical success factors, and readiness plans. Managed design, development, testing, and implementation of related solutions. Coordinated development of all initiatives, thereby driving business continuity and divisional success.  * Oversaw four work streams for large-scale process improvement project that created standardized accounting functionality across multiple teams later moved offshore.  * Led post-acquisition data integration project to merge client's mutual fund into a Citibank client data warehouse that provided customers with holistic view of all of their Citi-serviced accounts and functions.  * Supervised a team of 3 project leaders, as well as matrixed project teams of developers, and quality assurance analysts. Education Associate of Applied Science in Computer Information Technology in Computer Information Technology COLUMBUS STATE COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Columbus, OH 2008 Skills Microsoft project, Microsoft sharepoint, Sharepoint, Software development, Contract management, Business Analysis, Product Development, Marketing, Product Management, Agile Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/gregoryfmccoy Certifications/Licenses Driver's License