Manager, Application Services <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Application Services Versatile IT Leader Oklahoma City, OK Work Experience Manager, Application Services INTEGRIS Health - Oklahoma City, OK November 2017 to Present As Manager, Application Services, I lead a 17-member team and manage a $4.5M cost center budget. My team is responsible for most non-clinical business applications used within the organization which includes all ERP systems such as PeopleSoft HCM and ERP, Kronos Time and Attendance, as well as Microsoft CRM and several Point of Sale (POS) systems. Other duties include budgeting, employment development, vendor management, contract negotiation, strategy, etc. Sr. Project Manager INTEGRIS Health - Oklahoma City, OK March 2014 to November 2017 Managed strategic technology projects for IT PMO through full project lifecycle. Served as Program Manager for all Supply Chain Transformation Initiatives, managing multiple system projects and several ERP interface initiatives.  Field Project Manager Hertz/Dollar Rent A Car - Oklahoma City, OK January 2008 to September 2014 As Team Lead, Field Project Manager: managed and developed PMPs and support level staff responsible for processing field location IT requests and executing technology projects for operational customers.    As Field Project Manager: Directed numerous cross functional teams in the installation of WANs, LANs, cabling systems, Wireless networks, VoIP, PC s and Point of sale peripherals across all business units. Coordinated with suppliers, procurement and vendors to maintain adequate inventory levels needed to support IT requirements for North America operations and Business expansion. In Car Technology Project Manager and IT Domain Lead, Global PMO Hertz/Dollar Rent A Car - Oklahoma City, OK September 2012 to March 2014 As In Car Technology Project Manager: Led global project teams in executing a number of innovative projects focused on offering customers new ways to rent cars.  Projects leveraged new technology and relied on agile product development to engage additional customer Markets and create new revenue Streams.    As IT Domain Lead for the Hertz Global Project Management Office, represented the Hertz Global IT Organization and CIO in delivering assigned cost and revenue targets for the corporation. Coordinated across the domain to identify and exploit opportunities, plan and execute project deliverables, and report results to senior management team. Consistently exceeded IT Cost and Revenue targets. Education Certificate in Financial Management Cornell University - Ithaca, NY February 2019 to May 2019 Master's in Telecommunications Management Oklahoma State University-Main Campus - Stillwater, OK August 2001 to May 2003 Bachelor's in Education Oklahoma State University-Main Campus - Stillwater, OK August 1991 to December 1996 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) June 2019 to May 2021 Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2008 to June 2021 PMI-ACP March 2016 to March 2022 CSM July 2015 to July 2021 ITIL v3 December 2017 to Present ITIL - IT Release Control and Validation (RCV) May 2018 to Present