Bartender Bartender Bartender, Project Support, and Baseball Operations Hopeful Brooklyn, NY A professional individual with a Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from SUNY Purchase College, Efrain has four-plus years experience with computer software, programs, and languages, as well as 20-plus years as a baseball fan and player who in the past 10 years has made a point to study and analyze statistics of major league and minor league ballplayers, free agency markets, and trends. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Bartender Gargiulo's Restaurant - Brooklyn, NY March 2015 to Present Gargiulo's has been a Coney Island staple since 1907, becoming one of the most elite and successful restaurants in Brooklyn. As the restaurant bartender, Efrain provides excellent customer service and efficiency when serving food. As the restaurant bartender, Efrain provides excellent customer service and efficiency when serving food and beverages, ensuring high-quality satisfaction and safety for all patrons. IT Manager/ Project Support ProjectSpan Services - Brooklyn, NY September 2012 to Present Projectspan Services has been ranked by Inc. Magazine as one of the fastest-growing companies in the United States today. As the IT manager and part of the project support team, it is Efrain's duty to assist in the maintenance of office equipment, integrating necessary software and updates, procuring material for company projects, and keeping in constant contact with clients about current contracts and needs. Intern Omega Darling - New York, NY November 2013 to January 2014 As one of the interns at Omega Darling, Efrain used Python coding in Autodesk Maya to assist the lead designers and animators' projects. Projects included commercial advertisements and independent animated film projects. Intern Boyce Technologies - New York, NY May 2012 to August 2012 Boyce Technologies is one of the leading mass transit communications and security equipment companies in the United States. As an intern in 2012, Efrain worked as an administrative support to the CEO and Senior Vice President during the development of their Help Point units. Education BA in Mathematics and Computer Science State University of New York College at Purchase - Harrison, NY 2008 to 2013 High School Diploma Xavier High School - New York, NY 2004 to 2008 Skills C++ (Less than 1 year), Python (2 years), HTML (2 years), Microsoft Office (3 years), Mathematics (2 years), Bartending (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/efrain-rios-b6695352 Certifications/Licenses Bartender's License Food Handler's License Certificate of Completion: C++ Additional Information Professional Skills  Mathematics/Statistics: Advanced    Written/Verbal Communication: Advanced    Customer Service: Advanced    Computer Programming: Intermediate