Manager, IT Project Management & PMO <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management &amp; PMO Manager, IT Project Management & PMO - AAA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Irvine, CA • Project Delivery: Responsible for delivery of enterprise-wide projects using variety of technologies from Ideation to Closure. Highly experienced in managing larger initiatives under very tight deadlines in high-pressure environments.    • EPMO Management: Led the transformation for the teams to adopt agile mindset in everyday execution. Established and Standardized common agile practices across all delivery teams. Coached Project Managers, Business Analysts and delivery teams in inspecting and adapting to produce successful results. 7+ years of experience managing project teams using Agile practices. Strong communicator and a collaborative leader focused on building relationships to create Self organized and Self governing teams.    • Strategic Planning: Developed technology roadmaps, business cases, project schedules, and helped the business partners prioritize work using IT Governance processes. Strengthened the decision making of the IT Governance committee by creating meaningful agenda and producing the right level of reporting on application portfolios tailored to meet the needs of the audience. Work Experience Manager, IT Project Management & PMO AAA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY - Livonia, MI September 2015 to Present Overview: Responsible for managing the portfolio for all IT applications including new application development, PCI compliance security remediation projects and Upgrades and Infrastructure initiatives using Agile project management techniques.    • Manage a team of 18 direct reports - 9 Project Managers and 9 Business Analysts. Directly responsible for mentoring, coaching and removing roadblocks for the team on a daily basis.  • Support day-to-day execution activities of all project teams to ensure projects are on track to completion. This involves project risk / issue mitigation, timely stakeholder updates / escalations in Governance meetings, and addressing vendor / budget constraints for the teams.  • Champion continuous process improvement to SDLC processes to improve software delivery and drive process improvements and introduce new tools to increase team efficiency. This includes standardizing PM and BA practices on a regular basis, incorporating feedback from project retrospectives and acting as an agile coach to all project managers and teams.  • Directly responsible for making hiring decisions and addressing poor performance with team members. Conduct regular 1*1s with the team, assess training needs and ensure team is setup for success.  • Responsible for operational planning and staffing of the IT department and all IT projects to meet business commitments. These projects range from Strategic initiatives to minor service requests. Program Manager, GE Aviation/Corporate IdM (Identity Management) GENERAL ELECTRIC - Belleville, MI June 2011 to September 2015 Overview: Responsible for delivery and execution of a suite of enterprise-wide projects related to password maintenance and GE-wide email migration from Sun Identity Manager to Sailpoint. These initiatives spanned across all GE businesses and impacted GE globally.    • Managed a team of project managers, BAs, Tech lead, Developers and QA on 4 parallel work streams in the Password Management program.  • Created Program planning across various program initiatives, dependencies, delivery dates. Actively resolved program impediments to deliver successfully.  • Manage resourcing across initiatives, secure budget and responsible for vendor relations.  • Conducting Daily standups between the teams as well as cross functional scrum of scrums across different teams (Language translation, Infrastructure, help desk etc.)  • Report out progress and metrics on a weekly basis to the CIO and monthly basis to the CTO  • Interview candidates and make hiring decisions. Provide continuous feedback to the team, monitor progress and assess training needs Technical Project Manager, TIPMS THOMSON REUTERS - Southfield, MI November 2008 to June 2011 Overview: Responsible for delivery of Thomson IP Manager for Thomson IP Management. This included managing scope, resources, assignments, timeline and budget for the phased delivery of the product. IP Manager was browser-based software that manages patents, trademarks, invention disclosures, licensing agreements and conflicts.    • Managed a 28-member team comprised of Developers, QA and Business Analysts  • Sprint planning various releases using Agile (user stories in JIRA, backlog grooming)  • Planned delivery dates and milestones for each release  • Managed daily stand ups, resolving issues in JIRA and communication across teams in order to deliver projects on time and on budget  • Responsible for presenting changes, risks, issues and ongoing status to project sponsors to influence executive decisions.  • Identified process improvements to enable collaboration across teams. (sprint retrospective) Project Manager, Visteon Global IT CAPGEMINI AMERICA - Southfield, MI May 2003 to November 2008 Overview: Led and managed the continuous improvement initiatives in the Tactical and Strategic projects for the Visteon Global IT Organization. Managed budgets, schedules, resources and reporting for a portfolio of projects including divestitures and data migration across legacy mainframe and QAD systems.    • Directly managed cross functional project teams to deliver $2.0M in sustained operational savings through ACH (Automotive Component Holdings) divestitures for Visteon.  • Managed project lifecycle from project scoping and initiation through closure for a global project portfolio exceeding $3.5M in program budget to standardize various business processes across Visteon manufacturing sites.  • Established SDLC PMO Methodologies within all projects to ensure quality project delivery on time and within budget.    Lead Business Analyst, Visteon Product Development Clone Team:    Overview: Responsible for the design, development and implementation of the Ford Mid-range applications in the Visteon environment to enable operations for Visteon Inc. Primary analytical focus was on a Materials and Toxicology website.  • Acted as a central point of contact for Visteon Product Development and Supplier Management to ensure consistent project communication. Led post production support and established change control procedures for operational effectiveness.  • Established and developed standard extraction, transformation and loading rules to migrate legacy Ford information into the Visteon environment with zero defects reported.  • Collaborated with user groups to write functional business requirements, technical design documentation and all test documentation to customize legacy Ford applications for Visteon Supply base. Business Analyst, Ford Motor Company CIBER INC - Dearborn, MI January 1998 to May 2003 Overview: Operated as a single point of contact between the client and the programming team. Led all project requirement sessions, created functional and program specifications, facilitated business process mapping and executed the entire project life cycle for various modules of the system.    • Developed and implemented the data migration and purge strategy for Visteon enabling the data separation between Ford and Visteon.  • Led the development of the MSDS (Material Safety Data Sheets) Tracking System and MATS (Materials and Toxicology Systems) Suite that eliminated the manual processing of data sheets and enabled a global solution for Ford Toxicology. Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science Bharathiar University Skills Strategic Planning