IT/Finance Project Manager SAP <span class="hl">IT</span>/Finance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SAP IT/Finance Project Manager SAP - Estee Lauder White Plains, NY Work Experience IT/Finance Project Manager SAP Estee Lauder - Melville, NY January 2019 to Present Manage to the objectives and plan by thorough risk, issue and change management  ? Monitor and control the work to ensure that the project/work stream remains on track and in control  ? Develop objectives, phasing and content of the project/work stream to deliver on the business case benefits, budget and timescale  ? Interface and communicate with project team, management and stakeholders  ? Manage the project closing and the handover to Operations  ? Present weekly status reports to the team and management  ? Manage and coordinate/close all issues related to project delivery and scope/timeline  ? Managing cutover plans including master data loads and conversions  ? Strong business process experience and ability to understand activities and process and impacts to business activities.  ? Provided Risk and issues to management  ? Manage multiple project simultaneously IT/Finance Project Manager Santander Bank New York NY - New York, NY September 2015 to September 2018 Following the prescribed SDLC methodology  ? Shepherd projects from initiation to creation and review of technical documentation, development, release and post-deployment support  ? Maintain continuous alignment of project scope with strategic business objectives and make recommendations to modify the program to enhance effectiveness toward the business result or strategic intent  ? Develop comprehensive project plan to track project performance  ? Ensure all projects are delivered on time within scope and budget  ? Coordinate internal vendor resources, acting as a gate keeper to ensure that all milestone deliverables meet with define standards technically, in requirement gathering and documentation  ? Perform risk management to minimize project risk  ? Bridge the communication gap between business and technical teams to assure issues are documented and resolved.  ? Maintain project to meet schedules for expected requirements and conduct status and review meetings to provide regular updates  ? Review Business Requirement Documents process for ETL to identify and summarize impacts.  ? Lead defect management discussion between deployment, quality management, production and business teams to effectively communicate root cause and defect resolution  ? Coordinate testing efforts and approval sign-off required by various Finance groups to end users  ? Establish and maintain relationship with 3rd party/vendors to complete SIT, UAT and move to BAU Project Manager/Business Analyst Deutsche Bank - New York, NY June 2014 to September 2015 Responsible and accountable for the coordinated management of multiple related projects directed toward strategic business and other organizational objectives  ? Developing a Strategic business process architecture model for the CCAR Federal Regulations    ? Performing data lineage assessment for identifying the data and process gaps in CCAR regulatory reporting and proposing the remediation plans for projecting the accurate  ? Develop project plans and assumed responsibility for project profit and loss  ? Monitored project activities and advised staff of issues due to resource availability  ? Develop and document reconciliation requirements for ETL  ? Performing Data mining and extraction to prepare the reconciliation report and check the data integrity among the sub-ledgers, General Leader SAP and strategic data warehouse of the bank  ? Analyzing system requirements & design to prepare Test Plans, and Test cases for (SIT) testing; and implementing bug life cycle for the reporting process by using ALM  ? Building credibility, establishing rapport and maintaining communication with stakeholders, technology partners & users at multiple levels, including those external to the organization Stamford CT Business Analyst Castleton Commodities International - Stamford, CT January 2014 to June 2014 Finance liaison with IT to assure Finance issues are documented and resolved. Post-go live end-to-end configurations in General Ledger Accounting (including New GL functionalities of Parallel Ledger and Document Splitting), Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Bank Accounting and Asset Accounting  ? Master Data Maintenance  Establish and ensure appropriate distribution to all SAP clients of  * General ledger accounts, Cost Centers, Profit Centers  ? Revenue Management  ? Prepare request for IT configuration of Company codes, vendor configurations for purchasing Organizations.  ? System Configuration Testing, Perform testing of all system configuration in QAS and regression environments before going to production, Documentation and analysis of testing,  * Account Analysis/Problem Solving/SAP Super-user  * Assistance in training and education of new employees  * Liaison with offshore resources for communicating issues Business Analyst The Nielsen Company - New York, NY 2004 to 2013 Monitor Post-go live SAP workflows while coordinating project teams to deliver projects as per requirements & on time.  ? Full lifecycle implementation (upgrade) of Fico BW Query writing and migration  ? Deliver insights and conducted SAP gap and operations analyses across geographic locations/time zones  ? Help configure in creating new GL accounts Profit centers and Cost Centers  ? Create SAP MM FICO test scenarios for business & power users for POs, PRs and IR.  ? Diagnose and troubleshoot revenue, SAP FICO, MM for all invoices posting issues reported by AR while reducing cycling time by 50% & increase process improvements for failed SAP FICO invoices by 87%  ? Responsible for business planning and financial modeling, budgeting, forecasting, management reporting, budget vs. actual and actual vs. actual reporting, and business analysis though SAP FICO & MM PS modules  ? Create market share calculations for the Entertainment Division and calculated foreign currency translation  ? Conduct SAP FICO MM gap analysis for systems deliveries abroad and new platform implementation  ? Help configure/test SAP FICO, MM, and PS platform for new financial operations & P2P operations Royalty Accountant Bertelsmann Music Group - Lyndhurst, NJ 2003 to 2004 Performed accounting functions, managed intercompany balance for 40 territories, and prepared financial statements in both Euro and USD currencies, and oversaw quarterly international sales worldwide in SAP  ? Reviewed & ensured timely and accurate information while responsible for closing of books and analysis through SAP BI, FICO reporting as well as served as a SME for end users training & configuration support Senior Accountant Drug World Corporation - New City, NY 2000 to 2003 Provided management reports for 5 affiliated companies while prepared and analyzed financial & P&L G&L statements Staff Accountant Spectrum for Living - River Vale, NJ 1998 to 2000 Managed several affiliate companies on various financial levels Education M.B.A. Keller School of Management 2008 B.S. in Accounting in Accounting Liberty University 1998 Skills Sap, Ms office, Citrix, Fico, Financial services, Process improvements Additional Information Core Competencies    - Proven ability to identify and implement process improvements and streamline processes & efficiency levels  - Proficient in various financial services programs, ERPs and Microsoft applications, such as Citrix, Business Warehouse, SAP FICO MM PS HFM, MS Office Suite.