Senior IT Program Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager/ Project Manager Las Vegas, NV Experienced Portfolio, Program and Project Manager, Scrum Master and Product Owner Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Program Manager American Homes 4 Rent - Las Vegas, NV February 2019 to Present • Plan and implement programs and projects across AH4R, coordinate business requirements and project scope.  • Lead large, cross-functional teams and support initiatives across AH4R for IT program support and projects.  • Responsible for change/transformation efforts for AH4R with accountability for results.  • Manage prioritization and interdependencies of key projects and milestones.  • Provide strategic planning support for all initiative project/program support phases across AH4R.  • Manage risks and change management processes for all initiatives.  • Track and communicate status for key initiatives with project sponsors and product owners.  • Maintain consistent portfolio, program, and project management tools.  • Train and mentor PMO team. Consultant - Product Owner and Scrum Master Various Clients and Locations May 2017 to February 2019 • Retained as a Product Owner and Scrum Master for a global mining company to deploy ITIL Service Management to a global digital organization. Coach and mentor the global digital organization in the use of Agile SCRUM and JIRA as the project and task management tool. Served as SME in cyber security and project intake initiatives. Scrum Master for Office365 and data center migrations.  • Retained as a Product Owner and Scrum Master to rescue a failing project for a software development company. Prepared User Stories, facilitated daily standups, Sprint and Backlog grooming sessions, demos and retrospectives. Acted as coach and mentor for a team that previously had no leadership and delivered a solution that can sustain and grow.  • Advise startups on growing and sustaining PMOs and Professional Services Organizations. Identify opportunities for business development and transformation. Senior Project Manager, IT PMO Hospitality Industry - Las Vegas, NV October 2015 to May 2017 • Wynn Las Vegas: Contract Project Manager engaged for two Enterprise Content Management deployments ($3mil budget): SharePoint scan, capture, storage, search and retrieval ECM for the Finance department; and Ariba Contract Management for the Corporate Legal department.   • Caesars Entertainment Corporation: Contract Project Manager in Gaming and Hospitality vertical within the corporate IT PMO – successfully managed multiple projects ranging in budget from $50,000 to $3 million USD in first two months of assignment. Program Manager/ Senior Project Manager (Managed Services) Trace3 - Las Vegas, NV February 2014 to June 2015 • Data center implementation lead. Budgets ranged from $50,000 to $600,000 USD.  • Lead process improvement initiative (ITIL) for Managed Services team.  Senior Project Manager (Professional Services) IBM Global Services - Las Vegas, NV August 2011 to January 2014 • Retained as a Project Management consultant to support SaaS solutions.   • Projects ranged from $500,000 to $50,000,000 USD. Consultant/ Project Manager Various Clients and Locations April 2007 to August 2011 • Advised clients of best practice for enterprise-wide adoption of quality process improvement, adherence, and performance measurement.   • Project lead for product development and deployment, regulatory compliance, and support initiatives.   • Produced project documentation and end-user documentation as per client-identified deliverables for Video Gaming Technologies and Aspect Gaming. Project Manager/Senior Technical Writer Aristocrat Technologies Inc - Las Vegas, NV April 2005 to April 2007 Education BA in English University of Maryland Europe AA in Sociology College of the Canyons Skills Ariba (2 years), JIRA (4 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (10+ years), Program Management (5 years), PMP (10+ years), Agile (10+ years), Scrum (10+ years), Portfolio Management (5 years), Technical Writing (10+ years), PMI, Project Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/gentrysm Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present Obtained through Kepner-Tragoe Licensed SCRUM Master (LSM) Present Licensed SCRUM Product Owner (LSPO) Present ITIL Present Driver's License Six Sigma White Belt Present Additional Information Technical Skills  Office365, MS Project, SharePoint, Visio, Salesforce, Netsuite, HP ALM, Footprints, TestTrack Pro, JIRA, ServiceNow, Clarity, Open Workbench, Ariba Contract Management