IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager Lynchburg, VA To utilize my extensive experience in the IT field for contract work or employment. Work Experience IT Manager Breakthru Beverage Virginia (BBVA) January 2016 to November 2016 • Supported company's VIP (Vermont Information Processing) software platform, AS/400, and its other computer and network software.  • Designed interfaces between VIP and other software.  • Exported VIP data in formats required for loading new SAP software platform.  • Facilitated consolidation of company operations in Sandston, VA.  • Created reports required for analysis of company's operations. IT Manager Associated Distributors, LLC October 2010 to December 2015 • Consolidated databases of Associated Distributors and Virginia Distributing Company after merger.  • Supported VIP software platform, AS/400, and company's computers and network.  • Created reports required for analysis of company's operations.  • Controlled IT costs and tracked all company devices. Project Manager Virginia Winery Distribution Company (VWDC) October 2007 to December 2010 for company created by Virginia Department of Agriculture and operated by Virginia Distributing Company.  • Purpose was to enable Virginia's farm wineries to continue to distribute their products.  • Grew membership from four pilot wineries to over 100. IT Manager Virginia Distributing Company (VDC) December 2005 to September 2010 • Supported VIP software platform, AS/400, and computer and network hardware and software.  • Created reports required for analysis of company's operations.  • Controlled IT costs and tracked all company devices. IT Consultant Lynchburg, VA May 2002 to December 2005 Assisted various companies with IT projects and issues as needed. Programmer/Analyst/System Supporter Database Computer Systems February 1986 to March 2001 Designed, implemented, modified, and supported software for customers in multi-state area. Education A.S. in Computer Science in Computer Science Central Virginia Community College - Lynchburg, VA 1986 A.S. in Business Administration and Management in Business Administration and Management Virginia Commonwealth University - Richmond, VA 1977 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License