IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMP certified IT Project Manager Schaumburg, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Amdocs Inc - Chicago, IL September 2016 to Present I managed multiple application development and migration projects in the Data warehouse Org within AT&T (the client). In addition to managing projects, I also have experience managing the MDU (Multi-Dwelling Unit) program. I was also a PM Team Lead for other Project Managers. I worked in the Amdocs PMO team and was involved in resource management, process creation and process trainings, project estimations, jeopardy and risk mitigations and training new project managers. I worked on projects that were executed in Waterfall or Agile methodologies, and sometimes worked on Blended projects.  Achievements  • Have successfully managed DTV Merger projects. This involved project management and coordinating between different applications and teams, to ensure the merger efforts between DTV and AT&T were done seamlessly. Was also involved during the customer conversion efforts, which are being carried out in a phased manner  • Managed the creation of an application within AT&T. This application was created to consolidate data from several DTV Legacy applications and AT&T applications, in order for the internal clients to use for their reporting purposes, which included reporting on metrics. These reports and metrics would then be used to drive new business requirements. This project was implemented using Agile methodology.  • Successfully delivered projects on time and well within budget, with minimal defects  • Appreciated by the senior management both at Amdocs and AT&T on the quality of my work  • Have mentored newly recruited project manager  • Have been actively involved in the interview process of project managers  • Managed all project management activities from initiation to deployment  • Responsible for project planning, schedule planning, coordination between teams, scope management, tracking timelines and deliverables and status reporting, both to higher management and the internal business client  • For Agile projects, organized Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Stand-Up and Retrospective Meetings and Sprint demos. Also prepared velocity and burndown reports.  • Reported and mitigated risks and jeopardies at the project / application level  • Managed finances at the project / application level  • Alerted and reported management on project risks and jeopardies well in advance Project Manager Accenture - Chicago, IL July 2014 to August 2016 I managed multiple application development and migration projects in the Business Intelligence Data Warehousing (BIDW) Org in the client (AT&T) organization.  Achievements  • Have successfully managed DTV Merger projects. This involved project management and coordinating between different applications and teams, to ensure the merger efforts between DTV and AT&T were done seamlessly.  • Successfully delivered projects on time and well within budget, with minimal defects  • Appreciated by the senior management at AT&T on the quality of my work  • Have alerted management about risks and jeopardies well in advance  • Have mentored newly recruited project managers  • Manage all project management activities from initiation to deployment  • Responsible for project planning, schedule planning, coordination between teams, scope management, tracking timelines and deliverables and status reporting, both to higher management and the internal business client  • Tracking and reporting on project budgets  • Report and mitigate risks and jeopardies at the project / application level  • Coordination and management of communications among the teams located in different geographical locations. IT Project Manager Sigma-Aldrich Corporation - St. Louis, MO August 2012 to June 2014 I managed a team of over 35 people (4 scrum teams) located in the US, UK, Germany and India. I worked as an Agile Project Manager for this project. I managed teams that were located in St. Louis (Missouri), UK, Germany, Bangalore (India) and Mysore (India).  Achievements  • Managed multiple scrum teams at the same time  • Delivered sprints on time, within budget and with minimal defects  • Practiced and enforced Agile Methodology among the teams  • Appreciated by the senior management on the quality of my work  • Coordinated the delivery of all teams with the Dev Ops and Release Management teams  • Was responsible for project planning, resource planning, work allocation, schedule tracking, issue resolution, coordination between teams, status reporting to higher management and release management  • Organized Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Stand-Up and Retrospective Meetings and Sprint demos  • Prepared velocity and burndown reports  • Managed release activities at the Program level which included continuous tracking of open issues, performance and load testing and coordination between development teams and the infrastructure team Agile Project Manager Infosys - Chennai, Tamil Nadu March 2009 to March 2010 I worked as an Agile Project Manager of a team of 30 (4 scrum teams) located in India and the US. I also coordinated with the onsite manager and the clients (Bank of America)     Achievements  • Succeeded in turning the project, that was struggling with client escalations and inexperienced teams  • Invested extensive time and effort with the teams to get them back on track and turn them into high performing teams  • Identified strengths of team members and focused on strengthening our skills and improving on our weaknesses, by organizing knowledge sharing sessions among team members  • Received appreciation from the clients and the delivery managers at Infosys on the short turnaround time of the teams and the rapid delivery of scope with minimal to no defects  • Worked with the teams on strengthening the basics of Agile since everyone was new to the methodology  • Brought the project up to CMMI Level 5 within a short period of time  • Was able to generate more business for Infosys by getting follow-up projects  • Was able to deploy more resources at on-site locations  • Also worked on Request for Proposals and won projects for the Business Vertical  • Was responsible for project planning, project budgeting, resource planning, work allocation, issue resolution, coordination between teams, schedule tracking, status reporting (to higher management and the client) and performance appraisals.  • Organized Backlog Grooming, Stand-Up and Retrospective Meetings, Sprint Planning  • Implemented quality processes to conform to CMMI Level 5 including metrics and milestone reporting, defect management and prevention, statistical process control using control charts and knowledge management initiatives. Team Leader Infosys - Chennai, Tamil Nadu November 2005 to March 2009 Location: Chennai and UK  I worked as a developer and a team lead to teams that were located in Chennai (India) and the UK. I also worked at the client (ABN AMRO, UK) location in London (UK). I was involved in the development of a KYC application for the client.  Achievements  • Worked as a Team Leader involved in requirements analysis, design, development, testing and maintenance of this application.  • Worked at the client location in the UK to maintain the existing applications and coordinated the support activities with an offshore team.  • Successfully brought the project up to CMMI Level 5 by implementing continuous quality and process improvement measures, such as milestone and metrics reporting, defect management and prevention, statistical process control (SPC) through control charts and knowledge management initiatives  • Appreciated by the client for the quality of the work of the team under my leadership  • As a Team Lead, analyzed requirements, designed and developed modules/screens, prepared and reviewed test plans, reviewed code, tested and maintained the application.  • Successfully delivered modules/new requirements/change requests with minimal to zero defects.  • Implemented code quality improvement and performance improvement initiatives and measures with primary focus being minimal to zero defect deliveries.  • Was responsible for project management which included project planning, project budgeting, resource planning, work allocation, coordination between teams, tracking of schedule and deliverables, performance appraisals and status reporting, both to Infosys higher management and the client. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 2001 Skills Information Technology (10+ years), PM (9 years), PMP (6 years), Scrum Master (3 years), SDLC (10+ years), Software Development (4 years), Waterfall (10+ years), Microsoft Project (4 years), Agile (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2013