IT Business Applications Leader <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Applications Leader IT Business Applications Leader - Rexel Holdings USA Technical and business savvy IT Professional with leadership development training and over three professional years of experience leading IT projects across a variety of functional areas in support of the business. Proven ability to combine strong leadership qualities, communication skills, and technical skills to deliver successful IT projects.  * Project Management  * Epicor Job Management & Eclipse  * Business Case, Requirements Gathering, Use Case  * Functional Design Specification  * Technical Writing - Documentation & SOPs  * Testing & Quality Assurance  * End User Training Work Experience IT Business Applications Leader Rexel Holdings USA - Shelton, CT July 2016 to Present After graduating the IT Leadership Program, I took a role on IT Applications team where I work closely with the business. I developed a business wide corporate intranet site in Microsoft SharePoint as well as being responsible for the Job Management application, an ERP system companion, processing approximately $900 million in sales transactions per year with over 700 users.  • Leader of the Job Management application, an ERP system companion  ? Work with Customer Solutions teams and clients on leading customer facing projects related to Job Management  ? Fielded over 2,500+ support issues to resolution via Service Desk system  ? Lead multiple enhancement projects to improve Job Management system  ? Coordinated regression tests and test scripts during major system upgrades  ? Write technical documentation and SOPs  ? Solve user issues/tickets in Service Desk portal  ? Lead Advanced User group  • Project Managed/Led a corporate business-wide initiative to create a new business Intranet site in Microsoft SharePoint  ? Managed and led project working with 50 functional owners and trained over 50 content owners  ? Developed a total of over 70 pages on the site.  ? Created/Developed the layout and worked on Home page design.  ? Created training documentation and training videos  ? Go-Live launch to over 5,000 Rexel employees and launch email sent from CEO Project Manager Rexel USA/Gexpro - Shelton, CT July 2014 to July 2016 Formerly GE Supply) Shelton, CT July 2014-July 2016  Information Technology Leadership Program Graduate  Mentored through leading 4 different critical IT business projects in various IT areas of the business while presenting project reviews to the executive staff. Received formal training in Sales & Negotiation, Personal Leadership, and Corporate Finance. This program is designed to strengthen leadership, communication, and project management skills while providing a wide-range of exposure to the business.  Leadership Program Projects Overview:  • E-Commerce: ( Project Manager) - Collaborated with various teams within our business such as Ecommerce, Operations, Network teams, as well as third party vendors in leading a project for the Master Location Database. This new database will feed information to our external Rexel and Gexpro web shops.  • IT Process Simplification/Productivity Tools: ( Project Manager) - Collaborated with various functional teams and third party vendors on a Purchase Order Variance Tool which was a critical tool for process improvement and increasing productivity through our Eclipse ERP system.  • ERP System Analysis/Training: (Training/Coordinator) - Learned the functionality of our company's ERP System, Eclipse, by working with the Eclipse IT training team. I assist with Solar Eclipse system training programs that Support Company defined processes by traveling to several locations in the USA. I work on updating documentation and SOPs as well as demonstrating comprehension of the organization's SOPs as they are related to the Solar Eclipse application.  * SharePoint Company-Wide Initiative: ( Project Manager) - Lead initiatives to migrate our company to use SharePoint as a new Company-Wide tool. Worked with various business areas; such as Finance, Accounts Payable, Marketing, HR, Supplier Relations, and Ecommerce.  * Quick base Tool: (Application Developer) - Worked in Quick base building internal databases for several different business groups within the company. Education Master's in Computer Information Systems Marist College August 2017 to Present Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Quinnipiac University, Lender School of Business - Hamden, CT May 2014 Computer Information Systems Society Quinnipiac University 2011 to 2014 Skills EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUP (3 years), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (3 years), ERP (3 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (3 years), SHAREPOINT (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/amanda-cornacchia-24 Additional Information Areas of expertise include:  * Web Development / SharePoint Design  * Resource Management - Onshore, Offshore  * Vendor Management  * Presentation Skills  * Written/Verbal Communication Skills  * IT Service Delivery & End User Support    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Proficient with Microsoft Project, Visio, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneDrive, Visual Studio, Outlook, SharePoint, Market America Web Centers, JIRA, Service Desk, Service Now Ticketing Portal, Adobe Flash Professional, Google Analytics/Ad Words, SQL, Quick base, Office365, Skype for Business, HTML ERP Database Management (SQL Server, Postgres database), APEX tools