IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> MANAGEMENT IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT Union City, TN To build a long-term opportunity for career growth and enhance my educational and professional skills in a stable  and dynamic workplace. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT SELF EMPLOYED November 2012 to July 2019 Initiating, planning, executing, controlling, and closing the work of a team to achieve specific goals and meet  specific success criteria at the specified time.  • Building strategy and planning around how to move through a project, how to move toward deadlines, and how  to measure milestones.  • Assign resources in developed timetables and budge with assigned tasks and areas of responsibility.  • Analyze business problems and propose solutions in retail, manufacturing, sales, and marketing. TECHNOLOGY MANAGER KING TECHNOLOGIES INC April 1997 to November 2012 • Maintain organization's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans for implementing information technologies.  • Direct technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and user projects.  • Complete projects by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments and data center.  • Recommends information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes;  identifying problems; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements.  • Maintain quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.  • Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed SERGEANT (E-5) UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS 1991 to 1997 Responsible for the repair, calibration, and modification of test, measurement, and diagnostic  equipment (TMDE), including precision measurement equipment laboratory standards and test equipment. Education LIBERTY UNIVERSTIY December 2016 Skills Lan/wan, Network analysis, Optimization, Network design, Help desk management, Application software, Software troubleshooting, Help desk, Site development, Lan Additional Information Skills & Abilities  • System Design & Development • Server/LAN/WAN Optimization  • Web Site Development • Technical/User Support  • Network Design • Project Management  • Directory Tree Design • Help Desk Management  • System Application Software • Systems/Computer Lab Design  • Hardware/Software Troubleshooting • Network Analysis & Administration