Senior IT Project Manager (Promotion) Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Promotion) Senior IT Project Manager (Promotion) - Rentokil North America Pest Control West Lawn, PA Information Technology Professional    Driven and adaptable IT Professional highly skilled in all aspects of project management, security, design, development, administration, and operations. Adept at understanding common business problems and providing technology solutions to realize business objectives.    Project Management  Highly skilled in managing large and complex IT and business projects, with a proven track record of delivering multi-million dollar savings. Hold a Project Management Professional (PMP) credential for demonstrated experience, knowledge and skills to lead and direct project teams. Also hold a Certified Scrum Master (CSM) credential for demonstrated knowledge of the Agile Scrum Framework.    Security  I have extensive knowledge of Network Security, including Computer and Cyber Forensics, Legal and Regulatory Environment Privacy/Security, PKI Infrastructure, Encryption, Cryptography, Steganography, Security models, ISA Firewall, HIDS, NIDS, Wireless Security, Physical Security, Network Security, Client Security, Windows Security, email message filtering and Malware protection. I am adept at developing IT Policies and Procedures and Security Policy.    Leadership  I have extensive experience with internal and external supplier relationships including contracts, SLAs, and support with global carriers and developers. I have coordinated projects and managed contracts with Copesan, Omicron, AT&T and MCI Worldcom. Possess outstanding project management, reporting, and design skills. Outstanding communicator, both oral and written.    Development  Possess enhanced skills in the System Development Life-cycle (SDLC), combining project management with development skills with over nine years managing IT system development projects. Knowledgeable in Java, C++, Visual Basic, JavaScript, HTML/PHP and MySQL programming languages.    Operations  Possess enhanced skills in network engineering and management of PC-based networks. Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Windows (MCSA), Novell NetWare (CNE-5 and CNA-5), LAN switches and Cisco routers. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager (Promotion) Rentokil North America Pest Control - Reading, PA November 2015 to Present I have extensive experience in IT project management, security, network and operations.     Highly skilled in managing large and complex IT and business projects, with a proven track record of delivering multi-million dollar savings. Hold a Project Management Professional (PMP) credential for demonstrated experience, knowledge and skills to lead and direct project teams. Also hold a Certified Scrum Master (CSM) credential for demonstrated knowledge of the Agile Scrum Framework.    I also have 13 years of experience in the Pest Control Industry with operational and project knowledge of business applications. I possess enhanced skills in the System Development Life-cycle (SDLC), combining project management with development skills with 10 years managing IT system development projects.    I have extensive experience with internal and external supplier relationships including contracts, SLAs, and support with global carriers and developers. I have coordinated projects and managed contracts with Copesan, Omicron, AT&T and MCI Worldcom.    Accomplishments    • Currently leading a Marketing and Innovations Program to deliver a Connected Pest Control System to Rentokil customers.  Drive project planning, risk management, deployment trials and launch planning activities, reporting to senior Vice Presidents of Marketing and Operations.    • Currently leading an Enterprise Application Program to modernize the core servicing application and mobile devices utilizing an Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and deploying to over 3,000 technicians.  Responsible for the delivery of development, infrastructure, deployment and training to support the program. Coordinate and leads an international technical team, including consultants. Realization of over $3 million annualized savings in cost avoidance and productivity gains.    • Led a marketing innovation project to upgrade the company’s customer extranet to realize revenue growth of $500,000 in the United States, Canada and Mexico.   • Successfully led migration of existing and acquired business units to a company Enterprise Information System. Coordinated team across inter-functional areas of Operations, Finance, AR, and Payroll.   • Led major Business Application Suite upgrade in North America to enhance productivity and to provide excellent customer service across a standardized system. Managed all aspects from planning to delivery of the finished product in the United States and Canada.   • Led PDA/Web Project – Data Interfaces Stream by successfully migrating to standardized system realizing savings of over $1 million over 3 years.  Led international development teams in USA and UK. Built and tested development and training environment servers from UK images. Developed training materials and trained district staff.  • Led PDA/Web Project Stream by effectively enhancing the PDA and Web applications to support a conversion to the centralized business application.  Managed the design, testing and rollout of the PDA and web application to Presto-X branch offices.  • Led and implemented a disaster recovery process through SunGard, involving DR plans for all IT systems including AS/400, Network, WAN and Intel servers.  Successfully managed two disaster recovery tests to validate the soundness of recovery processes.   • Successfully designed and managed an ATT mobile phone consolidation project which realizes approximately $100,000 savings per annum. Designed centralized invoice and employee mobile setup system utilizing multiple database systems.  • Led a vehicle fleet management system project that centralized operations and utilizing Wheels, Inc. for ordering and maintenance services at a savings of $800,000 per annum.  • Led Print Outsourcing Project which realized a savings of over $50,000 per annum.  • Smoothly executed PDA project in Boston to realize automated customer service reporting and decreased office overhead costs.  Received commendation from senior director and CEO of Rentokil North America for an exemplary and seamless project governance.   • Led PDA server relocation project from Omaha, Nebraska that increased stability and performance of the server.  Received written commendation from senior management for implementing the project extremely well within scope, on time and under budget.  • Implemented and promoted UK project management framework (PMF) within North America.  Established standardized project processes, templates and tools to optimize project delivery, including risk management plans.   • Designed and developed playbook, project workflow and Work Breakdown Structure for new office setups.  • Established SharePoint and Project Management Server to centralize and successfully deliver projects. IT Project Manager Rentokil North America Pest Control - Reading, PA August 2009 to November 2015 Accomplishments  ? Currently leading a Marketing and Innovations Program to deliver a Connected Pest Control System to Rentokil customers. Drive project planning, risk management, deployment trials and launch planning activities, reporting to senior Vice Presidents of Marketing and Operations.  ? Currently leading an Enterprise Application Program to modernize the core servicing application and mobile devices utilizing an Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and deploying to over 3,000 technicians. Responsible for the delivery of development, infrastructure, deployment and training to support the program. Coordinate and leads an international technical team, including consultants. Realization of over $3 million annualized savings in cost avoidance and productivity gains.  ? Led a marketing innovation project to upgrade the company's customer extranet to realize revenue growth of $500,000 in the United States, Canada and Mexico.  ? Successfully led migration of existing and acquired business units to a company Enterprise Information System. Coordinated team across inter-functional areas of Operations, Finance, AR, and Payroll.  ? Led major Business Application Suite upgrade in North America to enhance productivity and to provide excellent customer service across a standardized system. Managed all aspects from planning to delivery of the finished product in the United States and Canada.  ? Led PDA/Web Project - Data Interfaces Stream by successfully migrating to standardized system realizing savings of over $1 million over 3 years. Led international development teams in USA and UK. Built and tested development and training environment servers from UK images. Developed training materials and trained district staff.  ? Led PDA/Web Project Stream by effectively enhancing the PDA and Web applications to support a conversion to the centralized business application. Managed the design, testing and rollout of the PDA and web application to Presto-X branch offices.  ? Led and implemented a disaster recovery process through SunGard, involving DR plans for all IT systems including AS/400, Network, WAN and Intel servers. Successfully managed two disaster recovery tests to validate the soundness of recovery processes.  ? Successfully designed and managed an ATT mobile phone consolidation project which realizes approximately $100,000 savings per annum. Designed centralized invoice and employee mobile setup system utilizing multiple database systems.  ? Led a vehicle fleet management system project that centralized operations and utilizing Wheels, Inc. for ordering and maintenance services at a savings of $800,000 per annum.  ? Led Print Outsourcing Project which realized a savings of over $50,000 per annum.  ? Smoothly executed PDA project in Boston to realize automated customer service reporting and decreased office overhead costs. Received commendation from senior director and CEO of Rentokil North America for an exemplary and seamless project governance.  ? Led PDA server relocation project from Omaha, Nebraska that increased stability and performance of the server. Received written commendation from senior management for implementing the project extremely well within scope, on time and under budget.  ? Implemented and promoted UK project management framework (PMF) within North America. Established standardized project processes, templates and tools to optimize project delivery, including risk management plans.  ? Designed and developed playbook, project workflow and Work Breakdown Structure for new office setups.  ? Established SharePoint and Project Management Server to centralize and successfully deliver projects.    Responsibilities  ? Serve as Project Manager for IT and company project initiatives.  ? Responsible for project governance and oversight of projects within the organization, from initiation through closing.  ? Lead Project teams, establish project plans, schedules, risk registers and author all project-related documentation including business case, project charter and end-of- project report.  ? Responsible for ensuring all projects meet the goals of scope, time and budget for all project initiatives.  ? Responsible for applying risk management techniques for identification, analysis, response planning, monitoring and controlling of all project risks.  ? Responsible for communicating project status through reports to project stakeholders and project board.  ? Responsible for utilizing and promoting the standard Project Management Framework (PMF) within the organization.  ? Serve as PDA Product Manager, acting as conduit between NAPC and Rentokil Initial UK. Member of North America Change Advisory Board (CAB) for PDA Applications.  ? Serve as Country PM for Rentokil Initial Project initiatives that touch North America footprint. Senior Network Administrator Rentokil North America Pest Control - Reading, PA September 2006 to August 2009 Accomplishments  ? Led Rapidtrax enhancement project by successfully leading Omicron Consulting and internal resources to optimize the synchronization speed of handhelds company-wide.  ? Established SharePoint server utilizing SharePoint WSS 3.0 for use as a document management and sharing tool for colleagues company-wide. Designed, built and administered SharePoint site.  ? Architected and configured District Quality Plan (DQP) within SharePoint for Business Development.  ? Successfully integrated Presto-X Company into the SharePoint regional structure and utilized SharePoint Designer to migrate districts in Presto-X realignment project.  ? Designed and implemented Change Management System (CMS) within SharePoint for the Network Operations Group.  ? Successfully implemented Automated Check Processing (ITMS) and EFT with JP Morgan Chase for the Audit Department, acting as project manager and principal architect for the company.    Responsibilities  ? Within Network Group, responsible for administration of all NAPC infrastructure systems including servers, workstations, firewalls, routers and switches.  ? Responsible for administration of SharePoint server company-wide.  ? Responsible for Rapidtrax server administration in a Windows 2003, SQL 2000 environment.  ? Responsible for PDA configuration, testing and support within the organization.  ? Responsible for all email, Citrix, blackberry, and virtual environment within the corporate headquarters. IT Consultant A-SYS-T, Incorporated - West Chester, PA January 2004 to July 2006 Accomplishments  ? Designed, installed and configured Windows 2003 networks for multiple client companies.  ? Implemented File/Print Services, Active Directory, DNS and WINS.  ? Designed and implemented Windows Intranet utilizing SharePoint and Internet Information Server.  ? Designed and implemented Microsoft Exchange Server e-Mail System with SMTP/POP3 Internet capability and integrated the email with the SharePoint Intranet Site.  ? Designed, configured and maintained Microsoft ISA Server. Setup firewall, web proxy and publishing rules for internal web servers.  ? Designed and implemented total network management solution, including Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) for updating Windows and Office applications.  ? Designed and implemented Microsoft Certificate Authority (CA), generated certificates, and secured all web sites using Secure Socket Layer (SSL).  ? Deployed Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition to protect all workstations and configured central quarantine server to quickly identify and eradicate viruses.  ? Designed and configured Symantec Mail Security for Exchange to protect mail system. Setup real-time block lists, whitelists and premium anti-spam measures.  ? Implemented GroupWise to Exchange e-mail conversion, including messaging and contact information.  ? Brought all remote offices into the Microsoft Exchange email system.  ? Implemented remote access system utilizing an Internet virtual private network for satellite offices.    Responsibilities  ? Provide total IT consulting solution to client companies. Ensure that all project and ongoing support needs are accomplished. Manager, Network and IT Operations (Promotion) STV, Incorporated - Douglassville, PA February 2001 to February 2003 Manager, Network STV, Incorporated - Douglassville, PA February 2000 to February 2001 Accomplishments  ? Managed, designed and implemented nationwide NetWare 5.1 server upgrade utilizing Pure IP and DHCP.  ? Managed implementation of a multi-site MCI Frame Relay WAN utilizing Cisco routers and ISDN backup to assure 100% operation of the WAN. Prepared risk analysis report to ensure upgrade proceeded seamlessly.  ? Designed and coordinated LAN upgrade for New York Office utilizing Cisco 4006 Switch, Cisco 3548 Edge Switch, Fiber Backbone and VLANs to greatly improve network performance.  ? Recommended and implemented a corporate-wide LAN switch upgrade to Cisco 3548 edge switches.  ? Coordinated relocation of all network services of STV offices in Philadelphia and Newark.    Responsibilities  ? Manage all LAN, WAN and IT Operations corporate-wide, reporting to the Director IT.  ? Responsible for the management of the company's computer infrastructure and the maintenance and upgrade of all computer platforms.  ? Responsible for managing network and operations projects utilizing Microsoft Project software. Effectively utilize virtual teams to successfully complete projects.  ? Manage Network and Operations Staff including task/ project assignment, training approval, interviewing, performance reviews, discipline and termination.    ? Responsible for the design, installation, configuration and troubleshooting of network systems including LAN, WAN, routers, switches, and servers.  ? Responsible for corporate data and voice wiring, coordinating all contractor projects.  ? Responsible for the performance and availability of the STV Corporate Network including disk capacity management (RAID).  ? Responsible for network disaster recovery, including tape backup systems and procedures, off-site storage and recovery plans.  ? Responsible for risk analysis for any and all IT network and operations processes and projects to ensure goals of network availability and performance are met. Conestoga Enterprises, Inc - Birdsboro, PA June 1998 to February 2000 Accomplishments  ? Coordinated a corporate-wide server upgrade from NetWare 4.x to NetWare 5.0.  ? Designed a 10/100 switch upgrade for the Conestoga Telephone LAN utilizing Cisco Catalyst switches with an emphasis on performance, redundancy and expansion capability.  ? Coordinated a 1 Meg Modem project for high speed DSL Internet and network access utilizing a Xylan Switch and an HP UNIX management station. Configured multiple VLANS to support the corporate LAN, Internet access and a private university.  ? Expanded the corporate WAN to include CEI's InfoCore division using a Cisco Router and T1 line. Merged and optimized InfoCore into the Corporate NDS Tree.  ? Coordinated the installation, configuration and user training of Microsoft Office 97 corporate-wide.    Responsibilities  ? Manage all LAN and WAN services within the Conestoga Telephone division and corporate-wide, reporting to the Director of MIS.  ? Responsible for the management of the company's computer infrastructure and the maintenance and upgrade of all computer platforms.  ? Responsible for the design, installation, configuration and troubleshooting of Network Systems including file servers, print servers, communications servers, email servers, network routers, switches, and hubs.  ? Responsible for the design and maintenance of the corporation's data telecommunications systems, including e-mail, fax, remote access and Internet access.  ? Manage and delegate network tasks and responsibilities to LAN administrators. Coordinate training of LAN administrators and contribute to interview selection of prospective candidates.  ? Responsible for network disaster recovery, including tape backup systems and procedures, off-site storage and recovery plans. Senior Network Engineer (Promotion) - Myers & Stauffer, LC - Harrisburg, PA March 1996 to May 1998 Network Administrator (Promotion) - Myers & Stauffer, LC - Harrisburg, PA March 1994 to March 1996 Accomplishments  ? Coordinated multiple network installation projects. Specified, installed and configured Compaq, Unisys, and HP File servers into the existing Netware 4.1 Networks. Developed and implemented a Desktop PC distribution plan.  ? Designed and implemented network speed enhancement projects. Coordinated data wiring upgrades.  ? Installed and configured switched Ethernet and 100Base-T hubs and network cards.  ? Developed and implemented a multi-site Netware 3.11 to Netware 4.1 upgrade.  ? Installed and configured Cheyenne FaxServe and integrated fax capabilities into the existing GroupWise e-mail system.  ? Installed and configured Novell BorderManager Firewall to protect private Intranet from the Internet using Network Address Translation (NAT) and packet filters.  ? Prepared a disk analysis report for server disk space expansion and recommended a RAID 5 solution.    ? Planned, installed, and configured an external HP disk array for RAID 5 on multiple file servers.  ? Installed and configured a network CD-ROM server utilizing MicroTest Discport hardware.  ? Installed and configured ManageWise, Novell's Network Management System.  ? Developed and implemented a remote access system using Shiva LanRover/E and Netmodem/E products.  ? Installed capabilities are: Network to network connections with dial-up routers, remote node connections with dial-in software and dial-out to network hosts.  ? Designed, installed and configured a GroupWise e-mail system spanning multiple locations including remote client access for approximately 100 mobile users. Installed and configured SMTP Gateway, Async Gateway and message server.  ? Designed, installed, and configured a Bulletin Board System (BBS) for government agency.  ? Developed a remote user training program and instructed users in training classes.    Responsibilities:  ? Directed Network Services at Harrisburg Office.  ? Provided network engineering support for new server installations and maintenance for existing file servers, print servers, communication servers, workstations, hubs, routers and cabling.  ? Provided remote and on-site technical support and consultation to government client including network design, engineering, troubleshooting, installation and configuration.  ? Responsible for network disaster recovery utilizing ArcServe tape backup and off-site storage.  ? Specified and provided recommendations for all network hardware and software of a multi-million dollar state contract.  ? Supervised an assistant network engineer.  ? LAN Administration of a mixed, multi-site network consisting of Netware and Windows NT servers using 10Base-T and 100Base-T.  ? Responsible for developing and maintaining network procedure documentation for backup, security, applications and inventory. Computer Operator Knoblauch Bank - Reading, PA November 1989 to May 1993 Accomplishments:  ? Coordinated relocation of company's PC network and installation of a 10Base-T universal wiring scheme.  ? Installed network workstations and assisted in a Novell LAN installation.  ? Developed computer procedures including a network security procedure and PC troubleshooting form.  ? Recommendations approved by senior management: Installation of a company-wide PC network, adoption of the 10Base-T standard and integration of the network hub with the communications system.    Responsibilities:  ? LAN Administration of a NOVELL network. Management of user groups and network security.  ? PC Coordinator: responsible for installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, inventory, and acquisition.  ? Operated a UNISYS B-1990 mainframe computer. Education Bachelor's in Information Science and Technology Pennsylvania State University - Reading, PA 2016 Skills CSM, PMP, PM, Project Management, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall, Information Technology, Program Management, Apple, PMI Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2012 to January 2021 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) December 2016 to December 2020