Manager, Project Management, ECIO Strategy and Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">Project</span> Management, ECIO Strategy and Operations Career Highlights Reston, VA • Implemented Lean Management techniques across a 250-member organization (includes employees, contractors and sub-contractors) using LEANKIT, TRELLO and MS Teams to improve delivery speed, identification of roadblocks, team productivity and operational performance. Captured areas of focus, project status, metrics, potential risks and existing roadblocks.  • Led $100 Million SDLC project involving Transition of 100-member support services operations to vendor in a highly complex, fast paced operations environment with minimal disruption to customers. Headed process and services transition as well as stakeholder management of various internal departments, in a matrixed environment. Effectively managed program consisting of 12 inter-dependent projects-oversaw planning, reporting and delivery, in accordance with the contract. Managed issues, risks and action items.  • Managed ECIO project portfolio and steady state operations. Reporting to the ECIO, orchestrated goal-setting, roadmap creation and framework establishment. Organized strategy and planning of Fannie Mae's Cloud Transformation initiatives.  • Designed and managed creation of portfolio dashboards for senior Executive Management to deliver real-time status for Steady State Operations for Hosting, Desktop, Business Analytics, Database, Middleware, Enterprise Architecture divisions. Generated detailed, professional customer reports for managers, directors and senior executive management to indicate the status of the project, program and portfolio of projects.  • Responsible for delivering business-critical projects using Waterfall (SDLC) and Agile methodologies. Managed requirements, scope, resources, risks, changes and communication with executive management and stakeholders. Tracked resource utilization, budget and schedule to improve project efficiency and metrics. Coordinated major project releases with Operations to ensure successful implementation.  • Led a 25-member cross-functional team to oversee 10-year, Managed Service Provider (MSP) contract, with $100 Million annual spend to manage Database, Server, Network, Storage, Back-up and Resiliency Datacenter services and environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Project Management, ECIO Strategy and Operations Fannie Mae - Reston, VA March 2018 to April 2019 • Managed ECIO project portfolio and steady state operations. Reporting to the ECIO, orchestrated goal-setting, roadmap creation and framework establishment. Organized strategy and planning of Fannie Mae's Cloud Transformation initiatives. Led creation of Executive dashboard to monitor project and operational metrics, tracking compliance activities, cross-divisional problem-solving and managing escalations.  • Headed the ECIO Operations team to establish strategic and tactical goals. Identified and tracked metrics to measure success for the ECIO organization.  • Led a cross-functional team of SMEs to evaluate the entire technology stack - architecture and design of application and web layer, middleware, database, access, compute and storage, network, etc. to identify and remediate longstanding, complex problems resulting in reduced incident tickets (33%) and completion of problem tickets (15%).  • Implemented Lean Management techniques across a 250-member organization (includes employees, contractors and sub-contractors) using LEANKIT, TRELLO and MS Teams to improve delivery speed, identification of roadblocks, team productivity and operational performance. Captured areas of focus, project status, metrics, potential risks and existing roadblocks.  • Achieved significant improvement (28% increase) in customer satisfaction through implementation of Scaled Agile Program Management framework (Safe) at the ECIO level. Used JIRA Agile for individual agile project tracking, velocity and backlog monitoring, real-time status reporting and used this information to measure alignment with strategy and roadmaps.  • Successfully launched a customer-facing, confluence based website to enable better customer and team engagement, communication and collaboration within ECIO Organization. Used by 2000+ users with 85% engagement rate. Stood up a team to create rich content and feature improvements. Tracked key metrics and initiated projects to improve site usage and team engagement.  • Oversaw the creation of an executive project and operations dashboard to provide real-time status of the technology environment, aid in decision-making and facilitate data-driven problem-solving at the Executive Management level. Tracked key operational metrics, SLAs, critical risks and problems. Led daily/weekly management of these activities. PM Manager, Hosting Operations and Governance Mr. - Reston, VA May 2014 to March 2018 • Led a 25-member cross-functional team to oversee 10-year, Managed Service Provider (MSP) contract, with $100 Million annual spend to manage Database, Server, Network, Storage, Back-up and Resiliency Datacenter services and environments. Created and continuously improved the framework for validating operational performance, project deliverables, SLA/KPI measurement and invoice reviews. Managed MSP contract to ensure delivery on all contractual/operational obligations, activities and artifacts. Conducted regular assessments to identify systemic gaps and used metrics to drive continuous improvement efforts.  • Collaborated with various functional departments such as engineering, operations, production support and finance to create process framework, meeting cadence, KPI measurement and validation methods, and issue and escalation management. Established internal process controls to ensure compliance and minimize risk.  • Reconfigured the demand intake process for Hosting and Engineering Organization taking into account financial, technical, contractual and operational considerations to ensure customer satisfaction as well as operational and financial effectiveness, resulting in 33% increase in cycle time, 20% increase financial effectiveness and 60% drop in issues related to demand and intake process.  • Stood-up a cross-functional team consisting of technical and non-technical teams to effectively identify, monitor and manage risks, issues and gaps with Hosting Operations (Network, Database, Storage, and Compute). Led    focused problem-solving sessions with customers, internal teams and vendors to effectively resolve long-standing, difficult issues through identification of root-causes and development of action plans for long-term resolution.  • Headed the team that managed day-to-day operations, data governance, issue management, metrics tracking and validation and issue triage. Reported progress to the VP of Hosting Operations and supported any escalation of issues through formal issue management processes.  • Managed monthly Operations and SLA reporting to validate vendor performance with operations team, stakeholders and customers. Used SLA triggers to drive improvement initiatives as well as drive operational effectiveness. IT Program Manager, Hosting Operations Fannie Mae March 2013 to May 2014 • Led $100 Million SDLC project involving Transition of 100-member support services operations to vendor in a highly complex, fast paced operations environment with minimal disruption to customers. Headed process and services transition as well as stakeholder management of various internal departments, in a matrixes environment. Effectively managed program consisting of 12 inter-dependent projects-oversaw planning, reporting and delivery, in accordance with the contract. Managed issues, risks and action items.  • Created and implemented reporting process, structure and meeting cadence to effectively report to executive management, steering committee and technology stakeholders. Facilitated deliverable reviews and milestone acceptance process.  • Customized and implemented existing risk and issue management process. Conducted weekly reviews to prioritize risks and track progress. Facilitated risk discussions as needed, to drive decision making.  • Managed team to provide program office support - IT compliance, invoice verification and payment management.  • Coordinated with Governance and audit teams to sure project process compliance. IT Project Manager, IT Project Management Office. Navy Federal Credit Union - Vienna, VA March 2011 to January 2013 • Responsible for delivering business-critical projects using Waterfall (SDLC) and Agile methodologies. Managed requirements, scope, resources, risks, changes and communication with executive management and stakeholders. Tracked resource utilization, budget and schedule to improve project efficiency and metrics. Coordinated major project releases with Operations to ensure successful implementation.  • Managed a team of requirements analysts, developers and testers to successfully navigate projects from initiation to post-implementation phases. Used Agile Methodology to deliver minimum viable product to improve speed to market.  • Managed multiple software development and infrastructure projects to deliver complex scope of work in a fast-paced and complex environment. Delivered a  • Identified key stakeholders, set expectations and managed them through the life of the project. Created a trust relationship with them by maintaining open communication channels and transparent reporting.  • Reported to the PM leadership on progress, and actively managed risks, issues and escalations.  • Created, maintained and reported on project schedule, change, resource, and budget information during the Portfolio read-out. PMO Consultant, Application Development Team Navy Federal Credit Union - Vienna, VA July 2010 to March 2011 • Led a team of contractors to establish level 2 estimation process in a stage-gated PMO, to drive consistency, improve accuracy, account for known risks in cost estimation process and achieve agreement among a wide variety of stakeholders with conflicting objectives.  • Gathered key requirements from senior management, to understand the issues with current estimation process and their expectations for the future process.  • Provided a roadmap for future processes including identifying key stakeholder groups that need to participate, the information that needs to be gathered and how this information is utilized in order to estimate the level of effort.  • Designed and developed a simple excel-based estimation tool that took organizational, business, stakeholder, staffing and vendor risks into consideration in estimating project hours. Formally rolled out process and managed traction. PM/PMO Consultant Independent Project Analysis, Inc - Ashburn, VA July 2005 to July 2010 • Responsible for creating and maintaining long-term, trustworthy relationships with clients to understand their PMOs and Portfolios and guide them towards achieving their capital project portfolio objectives. Identify and monitor key metrics at a portfolio level, derive industry comparisons and present findings and recommendations to the client on a quarterly basis to help them make decisions on the portfolio roadmaps.  • Facilitated regular sessions to evaluate the maturity of Client's PMO. Identified systemic problems with PMOs through individual project, portfolio, and benchmarking evaluations. Provided actionable recommendations based on these assessments.  • Evaluated key planning activities including project objectives, implementation planning, project schedule and, cost estimate for individual projects and programs. Selected a subset of similar industry projects to determine implementation risks and provided case study and key recommendations to help improve project planning for the current project. Project Engineer Product Engineering Group, Kennametal Inc June 2002 to August 2004 • Responsible for gathering key project requirements from design team, developing software to design rotary equipment and test for tool robustness and vibrations.  • Interviewed design team to gather requirements and scope of work. Coordinated with software vendor to select appropriate technology and establish support. Developed software packages in Visual Basic and Microsoft Access to design the rotary equipment. Used operations research methodology (Design of Experiments) and Regression Analysis techniques to optimize the design software.  • Conducted validation tests to perform quality assurance. Achieved 20 percent improvement in quality of equipment design and 15 percent improvement in design time.  • Worked closely with management to implement sweeping changes to their development processes and procedures, and adopt Agile Project management techniques for suitable projects.  • Generated detailed, professional, customer reports for engineers and managers to indicate the status of the project. Conducted tests and presented results to the different equipment unit managers. Developed help manual for software installation and usage. Education Masters in Mining Engineering in Mining Engineering Pennsylvania State University August 2002 to June 2005 Masters in Industrial Engineering in Industrial Engineering Pennsylvania State University August 2001 to June 2005 Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Osmania University May 1997 to June 2001 Skills Project and Program Management (10+ years), Operations management, Metrics and Reporting (Business Analytics) (5 years), Problem solving, Hosting Operations (Middleware, Database, Compute, Storage and Backup, and Network Management) (6 years), Microsoft access (5 years), Sql (5 years), Data governance (5 years), Jira (9 years), Application development (4 years), Ms project (10+ years), Visio (7 years), Requirements analysis, SDLC (Waterfall) (9 years), Sharepoint, Tableau, PMO Establishment and Standardization (8 years), Agile and Scaled Agile Framework (9 years), DevOps Management (CI/CD) (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2008 to January 2021 ITIL Intermediate (Service Strategy, Service Design and Service Operation) August 2016 to Present Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/q8opetxwvhgr5jdw Critical Thinking — Expert August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/d22jhjhvyfonkipx Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Technical Skills  • Lean kit, TRELLO * Jira/Confluence * HP-PPM * MS Project * Service Now * Visio * Tableau * Sharepoint * DOCSHARE * Java * Microsoft Access * SQL * Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Publisher) * Hosting (Database, Network, Storage, Server, Back-up, Resiliency) Operations * Application Development and Post-Implementation Support * Data Governance.  • Project/Program Management * SDLC * PMO Management * Agile * Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) * Strategy and Planning * Contract Management * DevOps * CI/CD * PMP * Requirements Analysis * Process Integration and Improvement* ITIL * Lean Management * Vendor Management * Process Engineering * Metrics (SLA/KPI) Identification, Measurement and Management * Contract Governance * Business Process Development * Risk/Issue Identification and Management * Operations Management and Governance * Project and Portfolio Management * Problem Solving.