Information systems specialist Information systems specialist Information systems specialist - CHAPMAN UNIVERSITY Chatsworth, CA Work Experience Information systems specialist CHAPMAN UNIVERSITY - Orange, CA Present Project Management  ? Design and implement information systems for student affairs  ? Design management reports using Crystal Reports  ? Attend Higher Education seminars to keep the university abreast on technology  ? Interacting with IS&T, vendors, and clients  ? Maintain 32 Student Affairs systems and databases  ? Train users in system use and other software products (MS-Office, FileMakerPro) Project Manager SPIRENT COMMUNICATIONS - Rockville, MD May 2000 to April 2005 Project Manager SPIRENT COMMUNICATIONS 2002 to 2005 Successfully implemented Test and Surveillance network solutions for large telecommunications companies such as SBC, Sprint, and Verizon that included software, and hardware implementation, and user training.  ? Managed and supervised 20 computer technicians, software developers, as well as vendors.    ? Performed Feasibility Studies, Requirements Analysis, Business Case development, Project Planning, Resource Allocation, and directing.    ? Prepared Microsoft Project plans, managed Issues lists, and prepared project status reports and presentations for readouts to customers and Executive Steering Committees. Project Implementation Manager SPIRENT COMMUNICATIONS 2000 to 2002 Successfully managed the technical aspects of major project implementations by coordinating site surveys, hardware and software installation. Configured hardware operating systems, and remote test system firmware.    ? Led development and technical teams in the resolution of hardware and software issues.    ? Supported Sales groups in the setup and demonstration of new technology solutions.    ? Trained and managed external installations teams and vendors, resolving hardware installation, cabling, and configurations issues. Technical Director IT/IS Department AT&T GLOBAL SERVICES - Pasadena, CA 1999 to 2000 Supervised a diverse team of 27 employees that included; Project Managers, Software Developers, System and Application Analysts, and Software Quality Assurance Technical Managers, in the successful development of Network software solutions.    ? Managed a $24 million IT budget. Supervised employees, processed payroll, handled Human Resource issues, performance evaluations, and career development.    ? Increased client satisfaction by implementing software quality assurance testing reducing application software MTTR by two hours and reducing MTBF from 6 to two incidents per year. Implemented software roadmap and release management plan. Project Implementation Manager, IT/IS Department PACIFIC BELL - Pasadena, CA 1995 to 1999 Successfully managed the implementation of major projects that automated workflow processes reducing costs and outage duration.    ? Supervised System and Business Analyst, and Technicians. Processed payroll, handled HR issues, wrote performance evaluations, and counseled employees regarding career development.    ? Implemented Computer Hardware, Operating Systems, Network and Application Software and managed vendors.    ? Wrote corporate Network Security Service Contracts, Disaster Recovery Plans, Service Level Agreements and Service Assurance Plans.    ? Developed Software Quality User Acceptance Test Plans and test cases, created and performed product end user training. PACIFIC BELL 1990 to 1999 Network Operations Supervisor PACIFIC BELL - Alhambra, CA 1990 to 1995 Supervised 13 technicians in the provisioning and maintenance of Special Service circuitry. Our team reduced outages by 40 minutes and maintained a service assurance index of 99.5 uptime.    ? Created and chaired Customer Focus Groups, and Service Improvement Teams that allowed customers and technicians to interact and build professional alliances.    ? Managed customer base that included Inter-Exchange Carriers, The State of California Lottery, Federal Aviation Administration, and Banks and Brokerage firms.    ? Supervised technical and clerical employees. Processed payroll and work schedules, HR issues, performance evaluations, and counseled employees regarding career development. Education Masters in Telecommunications Management and Engineering Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA Bachelors of Science in Business and Management University of Redlands - Redlands, CA Skills Exchange, Datatel, Peoplesoft, Sql, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word, Mac, Mac os, Microsoft windows, System testing Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Information Systems and Technology professional with broad knowledge of IT Operations, Data Centers, and Information Systems. Expertise to supervise and manage operations in complex technical solutions. Highly resourceful with strong analytical and problem solving skills. Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.    ? Project Management  ? Data Center Operations    ? Exempt/Non-exempt Supervision  ? Technical Trainer    ? Network Operations  ? Quality Assurance    ? Vendor Management ? Develop Best Practices ? Service Assurance    TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE    Hardware: PC and Mac computer and workstations, wireless and wired Routers  Networks: LAN and WAN management, Ethernet wired and wireless    Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, MAC OS, Network Performance, Management, and System Testing Operating Systems.  Applications: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, MS- Project, Exchange, SQL Databases, PeopleSoft and DataTel.