Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Edmond, OK • A Functional & Technical "Hybrid" - cross-functional creative Program, Project Manager having strong solutional insight with practical working knowledge in PMO functionality & IT-Business programs with both remote and on-site expertise with a specialty in infrastructure, applications development and complex projects  • Expert in 'take-over transitioning' execution in understanding company mission and vision of project context  • Expertise in identifying operational pain points and opportunities to improve business practices  • Has successfully combined the necessity of top-down planning with the practicality of bottom-up execution at expert level  • Extensive experience with an F500-Office 365 Cloud migration from many 'email agents' including-Lotus Notes 8.X & 6.X, Deployed Office 2016 from Office 2003.  Project Management 'Style'  • A "seek" versus "wait" mentality - when information is needed, seeks answers versus waiting for responses (self-starter)  • Leads and provides expert technical & functional leadership to highly visible, sensitive and multi-layered projects-11 domain experience  • Communicates regularly on project status & financial requirements to ascertain and manage expectations and ensure strategic alignment and on- budget performance  • Anticipates customer-stakeholder needs and prioritizes them in reference to the organization's long-term strategies.  • Initiates and promotes change management in the business to ensure project and organizational success and ROI  • Accelerates conflict resolution with others to achieve project success and collaboration  • Full in-depth JIRA experience both using the platform and migrations from RALLY  • Prioritizes signed off project work based on analysis of strategic importance, tasks outstanding, obstacles or barriers, budgets, resources and deadlines.  • Recognizes individual personalities and styles to adapt communication approach accordingly.  • Understands functional aspect of business and aligns technical options in meeting business objectives  • Maintains seamless coordination among remote team members, business, and management despite complex project inputs and efforts.  • Provides input and expertise to the financial management process for current projects.  • Builds successful plans through timelines and flow charting techniques.  • Manages self and others against a strict timeline among project complexities.  • Maps high-level requirements to the information architecture    • Understands the interdependencies and impacts among applications within a project and manages risks and issues based on that knowledge  Career Project profile: 231 IT & Business projects; 218 Renovation/Construction Projects  • largest IT/Business $138M;  • largest Reno-construction managed $78M; Work Experience Senior Project Manager Prodecx Industries LLC March 2005 to July 2019 Credentialed & versatile candidate with 20+ years of business and project management with a specialty in Technology; Unusually strong technological & program/ project management experience with the ability to "wear multiple hats' in complex projects; a "battle tested" leader of projects and high performing teams; Energy & Power Cooperative July 2018 to November 2018 Confidential Energy & Power Cooperative remote location/NDA on file Assessment Phase of a three-stage project New platform concept developed and reviewed for project management Initially to be implemented for Power Delivery Division and then companywide; additional UC upgrade of VOIP using Verizon system;  • OCM development using ADKAR video series customized for company  ? Companywide interviewing for future proofing new platform plus POS project plan|  ? Development of new POS equipment installation with accompanying cabling requirements; managed revised Networking requirements & created training videos for end-user community  • GAP analysis and project management review  • Mobility development for new platform integration Two extensive OCM and video/training projects  ? Assessment and design with heavy emphasis on OCM  ? Data migration to Cloud SharePoint 2016 Two remedy projects with conflict resolution  o Industries: manufacturing Under NDA  UC conversion for Services Company troubled project rescue  Voice over work and ID and OCM (Organizational Change Management) updates and upgrades- project ranged from 3 days to two weeks Project Manager Confidential Client March 2017 to April 2018 Remote project management with multiple responsibilities for cross functional teams and projects  ? Windows 10 refresh and VOIP upgrade with ATT system; Software Package management, upgrades, updates in a complex multi-layered environment    ? UC upgrade and deployment from POTS  ? Assessment, re-write, development & integration of COTS, customs applications, encryption migration, created for deployment multi-tiered program; Cloud deployments both Azure and private cloud due to compliance regulations  ? Functional replacement and upgrades to existing encryption platform and applications  ? Development of project plans, milestones and documentation supporting project development and deployment  ? Executed all IT preparation, communications-used in Waterfall & Agile methodology Program Manager/ Project Manager SSM Health - St. Louis, MO October 2016 to February 2017 Additional responsibilities: Training, OCM (Organizational Change Management) and Communication  • Windows 10 refresh with peripheral upgrade; Assessment, re-write, development & integration of 70 customs applications, create for deployment mobility program; 7756 EUs, multiple locations  • Additional system upgrades entailed Skype for Business and ATT system VOIP upgrade;  • DR creations and deployment using Azure as backup; deployment  • Team size 10 with 22 virtual team members Project Manager, multiple project management Microsoft Gold Partners - Redmond, WA October 2015 to June 2016 NDA on File)  • 8 concurrent Windows 10 refreshes with peripheral updates /upgrades; additional telephony upgrade using Skype for Business;  • Fulfilled dual role as a Senior Level Architect & Project Manager - Effectively managed risks, issues, budget, schedule and stakeholder expectations. Applied Agile methodologies and used BI in customer data analytics  • Domains: Manufacturing, Energy, Retail, Insurance, Financial, Healthcare,  • Executed all IT preparation, training, communications & OCM (Organizational Change Management)/AWS deployment - UC, ECM, Application and Mobile Services;  • UC component for SfB platform deployment  • Dynamics & Oracle financial updates with IFRS standards & implementation; Azure DR implementation; JIRA used in Agile methodology;  • About 9.5-month 0365 project involving 6 deployments and/or upgrades and updates for MS Gold Partners  • Dc refinements with Wi-Fi and Network adjustments for project completion  • Highlights:  • Implemented mobile device deployment, both MDM & MAM, involving 14,000+ Devices- App development;  • 6 Server 2012 SCCM deployments/DC implementations and a Cloud Data center migration.  • Directed multiple platform upgrades - SharePoint, Mobility MAM , .Net, DR, MS Dynamic CRM & AX updates and upgrades.  • Email migrations & FTP sites data migration to OneDrive for Business. Program/ Project Manager & Mobility Solution Architect Energy Company - Oklahoma City, OK October 2014 to October 2015 • Fulfilled dual role as Senior Leader, Solutional Architect and Program Manager with Project Manager responsibilities  • Windows 7 hardware refresh; O365 rollout with Maximo deployment    • Executed Multiple platform upgrade - modules installed included both functional & technical (HR, AR, AP, PPM, FA, Payroll, Asset Accounting, Funds & Treasury Management IFRS standards & implementation , Sales Management, Inventory Management; on a .Net framework).  • Implemented successfully Maximo deployment with multiple platforms such as ERP, O365, PS, and SharePoint upgrade; dashboard developed for BI and DA; UC using SfB;  • Leveraged Agile & Scrum methodologies implemented; 27 workload project plans; DC cloud implementation; JIRA used in Agile methodology;  • Designed and deployed in filed new Wi-Fi network for data collection; AWS implementations both data analytics and BI;  • Directed special development & emphasis on Oracle Geospatial & GIS mobile application deployment, AMI deployment; Effective SLA manager during and after implementation  Mobile device deployment project included 8 development teams and 7714 devices. Project Manager and Solutional Architect JP Morgan Chase - New York, NY September 2013 to September 2014 • Played dual Role as "Solutional" Architect & Project Manager.  • Architected new network adjustments for Mobile devices MDM deployment in addition to O365/SharePoint; AWS DR implementation;  • Planned all IT preparation, training, communications & OCM (Organizational Change Management)-one blended work stream; accompanying platforms were Back Office and front office - SAP.  • Agile & Scrum methodologies implemented; Citrix Xendesktop & XenApps deployment.  • Directed dashboard development for BI with Mobile device deployment of some 88,600 devices.  • Deployed proprietary platform for trading and purchasing with ECM platform on a  .Net framework; App development for mobile devices; Oracle AR financial package upgrade;  • Deployment & migration from Lotus Notes 8.X with a Cloud Data center migration to O365 Program & Project Manager Flowserve - Irving, TX September 2010 to 2012 Additional responsibilities: Training, OCM (Organizational Change Management) and Communication  • Worldwide Manufacturer for Oil, Gas and Nuclear industries;  • Executed O365/SharePoint- email migrations & ECM, ERP implementation plus mobility and deployment with Office 2010; SDLC development 348 apps;  • Third Party Data center migration architected solution for DR-AWS conversion;  • R11i upgrade to R12 Oracle IFRS standards & implementation  • Created, designed and managed end-to-end project implementation of one new install and two upgrades plus app development for replacement of 348 apps;  • 'Last mile' challenges handled through Wind-Chill-Riverbed deployment in 56 countries and 9-time zones.  • 264 sites with infrastructure upgrade concurrently with software server upgrades.  • Special emphasis on Oracle Geospatial & GIS mobile application deployment 16 development teams plus AMI deployment and maintenance - SLA responsibilities.  • North America deployment of Genesys CC with Mobile device deployment 25, 714  • Overseas deployment planned in near future with DC cloud implementation.  • Coordinated with departments including Manufacturing, Sales & Marketing & CRM, Purchase, Inventory, and Finance & HR.  • Orchestrated all 38 company acquisitions, IT preparation, training, communications & OCM (Organizational Change Management)/AWS deployment leveraging.Net    framework, ECM, Application and Mobile Services Program & Project Manager Zurich Insurance International, London - New York, NY September 2008 to August 2010 Directed four project segments - Email, ECM SharePoint , ERP, plus proprietary platform, Mobile deployment and accompanying  applications. Agile and Scrum implemented in project execution and SDLC in concert.  • Deployed Citrix & VDI hybrid  • Created new Wi-Fi network adjustments for mobile devices-MDM deployment  • Deployment of Office 2010 7 O365 and data center migration.  • Developed dashboard for BI & custom data analytics.  • Spearheaded three on-going international programs with web-based deliverables, F2F & CBT training.  • As IT delivery Manager thru PMO - Oversight & managed, orchestrated & implemented multiple project plans, and documented progress. Reported to 'C" level thru PMO & Steering Committees.  • Mobile device deployment of 110,000 devices; successfully managed multiple end-to- end ERP projects including financial and SharePoint implementations.  • Three successful deployments containing ERP works streams totaling over 130,000 end users (both functional & technical HR, AR, AP, PPM, FA, Payroll, Asset Accounting, Funds Management, Sales Management, Inventory Management of projects), plus three work streams with blend of S.D. ERP accompanying platforms were Oracle financials, SAP, and Microsoft Dynamics due to different country locations Senior Program & Project Manager/ IT Delivery Manager Microsoft/Marketstar - Ogden, UT March 2005 to July 2009 • Directed three on-going national programs with emphasis on OCM (Organizational Change Management), with web-based deliverables, F2F & training. As IT delivery Manager thru PMO: Oversight & managed, orchestrated & implemented multiple project plans, documented progress, and reported to 'C" level thru PMO & Steering Committees.  • Successfully managed multiple end-to-end ERP projects, including financial and SharePoint implementations 23  • Three successful deployments containing ERP work streams totaling over 130,000 end users (both functional & technical HR, AR, AP, PPM, FA, Payroll, Asset Accounting, Funds Management, Sales Management, Inventory Management of projects) plus three work streams with blend of S.D. ERP accompanying platforms were Oracle financials, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics with data center migration.  • Functioned as PM for MS Gold Partners in single 'dual role' PM & PM/ project manager role. Responsible for Project Initiation, Project Governance, 7 Compliance, Project Planning & Budgeting, and Risk management. Managed developers, with Training document creation; involved end-to-end management of:  • Office 2007 projects: conversions & installations & rollouts in five continents in over 76 countries;  • Oversight & managed webcast series & delivered over 500+ webcasts;  • Oversight & managed & implemented Mini Microsoft Across America vehicles.  • Managed & delivered 34 web deliverables;  • Deployed on 8 teams as PM with differing agendas & mission critical goals.  • Accomplished & delivered multiple keynotes plus 100+ seminars;  • Successfully managed, orchestrated & delivered @ 71 'pilot-test' technology events while concurrently maintaining 8 Project Management positions; Managed multiple agendas & mission critical elements as outlined above.    Additional Skill Sets & Platform Experience  • Unique demeanor that allows work under extreme pressure and still able to calmly coordinate the various Projects.    • Fulfilled role as both Project Manager and Mentor where applicable  • Applied Agile principles for core team and virtual team while playing role as Scrum Master.  • Able to interact and update status with Sr. Executives including CXO & Board level.  • Virtualization of Desktop & SharePoint migration: 88,156 EU creation of training content & delivery to end users.  • Proprietary ERP financial software implemented for an F-500 company in the financial sector.  • ERP deployment in manufacturers with change management, program management involving over 147,255 end users. Deployed 100,000 mobile devices plus supporting applications through oversight & management of multiple work streams PWAP .  • Domain experience includes: Insurance, Financial, Healthcare, OEM, Manufacturing, Energy, Retail, Software, Hardware, Technology, Call & Data Centers, Renovation & Construction Industry, Transportation Industry, and State and Federal Governments.  • Demonstrated competency in working with a wide range of government departments with diverse business needs, interests, expectations and requirements  • Broad and deep working knowledge of the IT industry, especially in the areas of operating systems and equipment, network configurations, languages and applications, software and hardware development, information security / assurance and emerging technologies  • Operational knowledge and understanding of large, complex systems and integration projects  • Detailed knowledge of Federal IT regulations / guidelines with solid understanding of related software tools and methodologies  • Extensive working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite and project management software programs  • Skilled proficiency using MS Project within an iterative development cycle  • Knowledgeable of and skilled in implementing "best-in-class" concepts / principles within the areas of program and project planning, scheduling, budgeting and operations for successful achievement of objectives  • Ability to implement Earned Value Management (EVM) concepts and to create related reports for use by government and company oversight staff  • Ability to effectively implement PMP and CMMI (Level 2 or higher) processes  • Excellent leadership, capital planning, financial management, cost control, estimating and contract negotiating skills  • Ability to manage multiple services and task order projects simultaneously  • Ability to make sound, well-informed and objective decisions; perceives the impact and implications of decisions  • Ability to prepare, justify and administer program budget and to assess financial conditions  • Ability to persuade others to accept recommendations and to negotiate to find mutually acceptable solutions  • Ability to organize work, set priorities and determine resource requirements  • Skilled in facilitating teamwork and coordinating efforts for the successful achievement of goals  • Excellent supervisory and management skills with ability to manage and resolve conflicts, grievances, confrontations or disagreements in a constructive manner  • Detail-oriented with exceptional organization, problem-solving and critical thinking skills  • Exceptional customer service and relationship-building skills  • Ability to interact professionally with team members, corporate management, and clients of all levels  • Solid ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects and priorities, work under pressure and to meet tight deadlines  • Demonstrated ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment with little to no daily supervision  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills with solid presentation skills and ability to write federal contract proposals    SHAREPOINT HIGHLIGHTS  • 38 deployments/from 2010 to 2013 & 2016  • Data migration from "on-prem" to cloud locations  ? Team Site & My Site development  ? File taxonomy structure and tag-cloud dev  ? App development for various processing requirements  ? Total career app development for SharePoint deployment 1152  ? Industries engaged: Energy, Banking, Financial, Technology, Manufacturing, Utility, Retail, Oil & Gas Education PhD in International Project Management and Business Beltran University Masters in Internet Technology Jones International University Masters in Business Administration Jones International University Bachelor's Degree in course work Washington University Skills PMBOK, PMO, PMP, PROJECT MANAGER, PROJECT PLAN Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/agggg Additional Information SPECIALITIES: Expert in navigating through complex infrastructure and application landscapes while managing multiple vendors and maintaining consistent communication with all stakeholders and "C" level leadership    • Managing multi-layered workstream projects with 15+ projects within a project concurrently;  • PWAP concept due to IT environment complexities; Agile Crash Course Certified in addition|  • Expert in Remedy management and conflict resolution  • Change and release management expertise in migrations, UC, VDI, and delivering ROI.  • Executed O365/SharePoint 2013/16 - data & email migrations & ECM, ERP implementation plus mobility and deployment with Office 2010/13/16; SDLC development 348 apps.  • SharePoint implementation, Lotus Notes to Office 365 migration, infrastructure changes, deployed additional servers to upgrading MS exchange & AD sign-on capabilities from Domino server.  • Management of Office 365 conversion, Lync Training & Office 2010/13/16 training; SharePoint implementation (out of box installation with minimal customization) accompanied by VDI.  • Strong practitioner of fitting program solution to the project using Waterfall, Agile and Scrum and/or hybrid; applied to over 150 projects in industries including Retail, Financial, Oil & Gas, Services, OEM & Manufacturing. Broad experience in application of transforming large organizations.  • Exceptional analytical, problem-solving and critical thinking skills.  • Expert in project crisis management with over 35 of career projects having been 'rescues.' Big Data Creator using Azure, AWS, Google Compute, Map-Reduce, SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Cloud Foundry, Apache Spark, and Redshift  • In addition to Operational PM experience, training and OCM (Organizational Change Management) blended expertise  • Expert communicator and project leader with experience working in highly dynamic environments.  • Expert level PMP/PMBOK methodologies and techniques expertise in multiple domains with working knowledge of LAN/WAN, Wi-Fi, security and Voice Network -advance experience as Network architect in Data / Voice; Provide front line representation of the project to Director & C- level executives; Both AWS and Azure experience;  • Data Center architected layers & in-depth knowledge of ITIL V.3, Data Center refinements & deployments, and Citrix Xendesktop & XenApps deployments.  • Real-world experience managing national & international IT-Business multi-platform projects and teams plus telephony/network roll-outs in a large multi-site organization.    • Expertise in complex project workloads & matrices, both domestic & international.    Core Competencies  Computer Software Skills  Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Project/Server, Visio, SharePoint, SAP, Genesys, Rally, Remedy, Microsoft System Center, Microsoft Service Manager, SQL Server, Windows 8/10/ Camtasia, Goldwave, Adobe Suite    Created a Blended Training-OCM (Organizational Change Management) - Communications methodology delivering ROI  • Special development highlights: Expert capability of formulating architectural design, functional specifications, required interfaces with documentation of all systems utilizing system interrelationships and needed equipment configurations.  • Expertise in a supervisory role - Has managed a team of project managers as many as 17 simultaneously , business analysts, and quality assurance analysts.  • Master Problem solver for business and IT  • Expert organizational strategy manager and path creator.  • Supports the organization in strategic planning and ensuring adherence. OCM (Organizational Change Management) expert.  • Expert Portfolio Manager, directing as many as 11 IT and business projects concurrently;  • Expert Manager with Enterprise Governance Team to define, maintain, and continuously improve the governance function for project governance and suggest metrics, practices and use of new or existing tools that can contribute to the overall effectiveness of these activities.  • Total E2E responsibility for developing all project plans, reports, financial IFRS standards & implementation , strategic and tactical justifications, guidelines, and controls.    LEADERSHIP SKILLS  Proven leadership ability directing cross functional teams through ambiguity into clarity to complete work quickly at the right level of quality.    LANGUAGE SKILLS  Advanced ability to read, analyze, and interpret the most complex documents. Ability to respond effectively to the most sensitive inquiries or complaints. Ability to write speeches and articles using original or innovative techniques or style. Ability to make effective and persuasive speeches and presentations on controversial or complex topics to top management, public groups, and or boards of directors.    Strong analytical and presentation skills including excellent written and verbal communication skills.    MATHEMATICAL SKILLS  Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.    REASONING ABILITY Advanced ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.  Expert in Project testing: SDLC, Applications development, UAT, 'break-fix', POC, & Conference room pilots with applicable scripts; Advanced Power BI super User; Waterfall, Agile and Scrum expertise in both project application and coaching/mentoring.    SKILLS MATRIX  Information required should include, but not be limited to:  Skill, number of years' experience, rating (1-10, with 10 being the highest).    Skill Years of Experience Rating (1-10)  Planning and executing the implementation of one or more cloud-based, service-oriented enterprise applications in the public sector  10    8    Developing and managing project plans and control structures 20 10  Collaboratively developing, reviewing and approving vendor-provided project plans and control structures consistent with PMBOK  20    10    Identifying and analyzing project risks, then developing corresponding risk mitigation plans 20 10  Managing and allocating PMO resources 20 10  Coordinating communications including points of contact and communication protocols between vendors and project stakeholders  20    10    Reviewing and approving project deliverables 20 10  Working in a senior project manager capacity with the following tools: MS Office, Project, Visio 20+ 10  Demonstrating fluency in HTML, JavaScript and SQL to review technical deliverables 10 5  Scheduling and facilitating joint vendor meetings among various vendors to coordinate efforts 20 10  Verifying vendor progress and providing on-going status reports 20 10  Overseeing and monitoring the development / deployment of application testing, training, and production environments  20+    10    Developing test plans together with vendors and stakeholders 20 10  Creating UAT plans and managing test plan execution, defect reporting, and resolution 20 10  Establishing Data Migration Plan(s) with vendors and other stakeholders, then overseeing execution of the plan with technical team  15    10    Developing Operational Readiness Plan and overseeing execution of the plan 20 10  Managing systems integration with various technology platforms 15 10  Demonstrating technical proficiency with Web Services and APIs (i.e. RESTful Web Services) understanding  Showing some degree of proficiency with a contemporary, object-oriented programming languages (Java, Ruby, C#, Python) - and corresponding application frameworks such as .NET, Ruby on Rails, or Django  understanding    Working with document database systems - NoSQL databases - such as MongoDB or CouchDB 5 5    HIGHIGHTS IN INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGN/TRAINING AND OCM WORK    Instructional Design, OCM and Training Summary:  Using ADDIE & ADKAR principles    Created, narrated and delivered over 4884 'Tech, Comm. & OCM.' Tech video Bytes  • Delivers 90% retention for end users of new platform  • Delivery to end users directly and LMS platforms  • Over 1645 courses designed and delivered  • Manuals, workbooks and ancillary documents    • Extensive experience with 3D animations, Camtasia and Adobe suite  • software  Companie  Used Adobe Suite, Camtasia, Lectora, SNAP, Articulate and various supporting Training customers include Devon Energy, G.E., J. P. Morgan, Skillsoft, Microsoft, Flowserve, Two Energy Companies NDA Zurich, Dell & HP  • Content delivery was for platform migrations, training & OCM support  • Software upgrades  • PMO creation and team building  • Organizational process changes  o refinement of PMO functions, PM mentoring  • Manufacturing changes to working systems  • CBT training scenarios  • Web cast delivery live, then encapsulated LMS versions with support documents  • Designed and delivered over 14,710 training seminars and/or workshops  • Have worn tri & dual 'hats' in project management scenarios  • Adobe Suite, MS Office suite, (TMT) and Business Objects 11, Camtasia & Articulate  • ADDIE, Kemp and OEM design models leveraged to fit client requirements  expertise  • Skill Set  Expert: Assessment capability with SMEs determining objectives based upon business stakeholder requirements s:  Expert in Storyline 2, Articulate Suite and Adobe Captivate 8, Adobe Suite, Tech Smith products including Snag- It, Camtasia    Expert: Recommendations and creating appropriate training solutions with Tech Bytes as supporting media ---Access user requiremens, business processes, and technical information    • Deliver ILT as needed, both in person and via Web cast  • Provide evaluations and assessments to ensure learning programs are effective using  • Supplement FAQs Utilize evaluation results for continuous improvement.  • Utilize agile instructional design methods for rapid content design and delivery.  o Design and develop learning materials-manuals, training curriculum, and ma  o utilizing a variety of technical tools and formats-mobile and desktop plus deployment expertise onto LMS platforms    Office 365 Summary  since 2010    22 Total projects to date:  1) 4- Over 95,000 users    2) 4-Over 20,000 users    3) 4-over 35,000 users    4) 6- under 5,000 users    5) 4-under 2,000 users    Total mobile devices 172,000 deployed/Active Sync-single sign-on  1) O365 /Exchange on 'prem. & cloud'  2) SharePoint deployments  3) Lync evolving to SfB Skype for Business  4) OneDrive deployment    NOTE: BEFORE 2010-DEPLOYED SHAREPOINT TO 21 CLIENTS    • Have been migrating clients to O365 since fall 2010 when the Beta was released from brand 'X"  • The RTM version was released 2011 at the Microsoft WPC/ # 1, 2, and three the migrations were not done solely each had at least 10 work streams / And multiple platforms migrated while the O365 email component was also migrated / Other platforms have been SharePoint, both on 'prem.' and in the cloud  • Most Deployments were conducted while PWAP was being implemented - simultaneous work- loads up to 31  • Upgrade from Lotus Notes to O365 & Lync while ERP changes were conducted--example: 100,000+ customizations and replacement of up to 648 apps while O365 was deployed  • Multiple core and virtual teams were managed as hands-on program manager  • Played role of project manager and Program manager in tandem with TM and Comm. Mgr. also five different off-shore and virtual development coding teams    O365 highlights    Flowserve -25,000 seats/Program & Project Manager    • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms. and OCM plans  • Agile & Scrum methodology  • Wore triple "hat" of responsibility-Program Manager, PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead  • 25,00 seats/56 countries/264 locations/ 7 languages/9 time zones/25000 mobile devices  • Managed and worked with a cross-functional team of 23 core team members, and 918 virtual team members comprised of Systems Engineers, 11 international SD Support,  • Oversaw and managed a project budget in excess of $23 million dollars  • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project including Risk Management  • Responsible:  ? for working with IT negotiating with hardware and software vendors for software and hardware procurement, updates, and budget  ? for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project Responsible for resource and budget forecasting through the use of Excel-AG work files  ? for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation  ? for multiple Daily SCRUMs and Weekly Team meetings  ? for establishing Daily "brain dumps with compiled Daily Pulse reports    ? for providing direct oversight and coordination with all internal departments  ? Provided daily and weekly deployment metrics to Senior leadership, Steering Committee and IRB an 'C' level  ? for updating bi-weekly dashboard, and presenting bi-weekly PMO report  ? for the management of resource allocation, and overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS  ? for Being the PMO Lead PM on newly deployed Outlook and Office 2010 deployment  ? for coordinating with software and hardware vendors for newly purchased equipment    Zurich --95, 000 seats/Program & Project Manager    • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms and OCM plans  • 95,000 seats/ 11 languages/ 9 time zones/ 110 countries/95000 mobile devices deployed  • Agile & Scrum methodology  • Wore triple "hat" of responsibility-Program Manager, PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead  • Managed and worked with a cross-functional team of 43 core team members, and 1119 virtual team members comprised of PM, SMEs, Architects & Engineers, Desktop Support, 14 Service Desks,  • Weekly "one on ones" with group CEO, CIO and CFO  • Managed a project budget in excess of $110 million dollars  • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project including Risk Management  • Responsible for working with both hardware and software vendors for software and hardware procurement, updates, and budget  o Includes all phases of mobility deployment  • Responsible:  ? for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project and AllenG' s work excel mgmt files  ? for resource and budget forecasting through the use of Visio milestone analysis o for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation o for updating weekly dashboard, and presenting weekly PMO report  ? for the management of resource allocation, and overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS Project    JP Morgan Chase 81,000 seats/Program Manager & One of 2 Project Managers    • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms and OCM plans  • Agile & Scrum methodology  • Wore triple "hat" of responsibility-Program Manager, PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead  • Managed & worked with cross-functional team of 44 core team members/645 virtual team members  • Oversaw and managed a project budget in excess of $78 million dollars  • Responsible for proprietary deployment of NEW brokerage platform and O365  • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project & AllenG' s work files    • Responsible for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project  • Responsible for:  ? For resource and budget forecasting through the use of MS Project & Excel  ? for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation  ? for multiple Daily SCRUMs and Weekly Team meetings  ? for compiling Daily Brain Dumps and creation of Daily Pulse reports  ? updating through Daily pulse reports & weekly dashboard, and presenting weekly PMO report  ? for the management of overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS Project    Williams Energy 12500 seats/Program & Project Manager    • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms and OCM plans  • Agile & Scrum methodology  • Managed and worked with a cross-functional team of 15 team members comprised of Architects Engineers, Desktop Support, National Service Desk  • Wore triple "hat" of responsibility-Program Manager, PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead  • Oversaw and managed a project budget in excess of $14 million dollars  • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project  • Coordinate with IT Department for working with both hardware and software vendors for software and hardware procurement, updates, and budget  • Responsible  ? for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project and Ag excel applications  ? for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation  ? for compiling Daily Brain Dumps and creation of Daily Pulse reports  ? direct oversight and coordination with internal departments, and regional offices for daily and weekly deployments  ? for providing daily and weekly deployment metrics to Senior leadership,  ? for weekly "one on ones" with group CEO, CIO and CFO & IRB/Steering Committee  ? for updating weekly dashboard, and presenting weekly PMO report  ? for the management of resource allocation, and overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS Project  ? Served as escalation point for managed projects PWAP    Access Midstream 7800 seats/Program & Project Manager    • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms and OCM plans  • Managed and worked with a core of 15 team members comprised of Systems Engineers, Desktop Support, Service Desk, and Assessment team  • Oversaw and managed a project budget in excess of $14 million dollars  • Wore triple "hat" of responsibility-Program Manager, PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead    • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project  • Coordinate with IT Department for working with both hardware and software vendors for software and hardware procurement, updates, and budget  • Responsible  ? for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project and Ag excel applications  ? for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation  ? for compiling Daily Brain Dumps and creation of Daily Pulse reports  ? direct oversight and coordination with internal departments, and regional offices for daily and weekly deployments  ? for providing daily and weekly deployment metrics to Senior leadership,  ? for weekly "one on ones" with group CEO, CIO and CFO & Steering Committee  ? for updating weekly dashboard, and presenting weekly PMO report  ? for the management of resource allocation, and overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS Project  ? Served as escalation point for managed projects PWAP    Devon 18500 seats/ Project Manager    • 18500 end users/27 states  • Started @ Inception/ charter documents/ responsible for all project planning with team/ tracking and metrics/ updates, presentations and training/comms and OCM plans  • Managed and worked with a cross-functional team of 17 team members comprised of Engineers, Desktop Support, 6 Service Desks  • Wore dual "hat" of responsibility- PM, Training/Comms. OCM Lead  • Oversaw and managed a project budget in excess of $14 million dollars  • Responsible for managing and tracking project resources and hours within MS Project  • Coordinate with IT Department for working with both hardware and software vendors for software and hardware procurement, updates, and budget  • Responsible  ? for creating and monitoring project plan and tasks in MS Project and Ag excel applications  ? for creating and maintaining deployment schedule, and project documentation  ? for compiling Daily Brain Dumps and creation of Daily Pulse reports  ? direct oversight and coordination with internal departments, and regional offices for daily and weekly deployments  ? for provided daily and weekly deployment metrics to Senior leadership,  ? for weekly "one on ones" with group CEO, CIO and CFO  ? for updating weekly dashboard, and presenting weekly PMO report  ? for the management of resource allocation, and overall project deliverables  ? for managing and mitigating project issues, risks, tasks, milestones, resources, resource utilization, and overall project schedule utilizing MS Excel and MS Project  ? Served as escalation point for managed projects PWAP