Lead new product development, project integration and rollout Lead new product development, <span class="hl">project</span> integration and rollout Lead new product development, project integration and rollout - PMO, Advanced Micro Targeting, Dallas TX/Las Vegas NV Champaign, IL Work Experience Lead new product development, project integration and rollout PMO, Advanced Micro Targeting, Dallas TX/Las Vegas NV - Dallas, TX May 2008 to Present May 2008 - Present  • Successfully conceptualized, developed and rolled out a mobile data-collection ap, including all BA, UAT, reporting and technology requirements. Lead a team that re-architected the company's database system to build  a hybrid transactional/warehouse system that leveraged years of historical data. Designed and developed web- based user management, reporting and analytics. Managed user training and user acceptance.  • Managed all aspects of corporate information technology project strategies including website, network, email, database deployment and software development and integration projects. Typically managed 5-6 concurrent  projects of varying complexity simultaneously.  • Developed corporate project/program management office in an Agile transition environment  • Lead new product development, project integration and rollout. Conducted all functional and user acceptance  testing  • Managed remote contract employees based both in the US and overseas as well as on-site employees in cross- functional teams in a heavily matrixed environment. Team size ranged from 10-30 people.  • Performed business analysis and lead project teams using Agile (primarily Scrum) and RAD methodologies.  • Managed both technical and field projects throughout the project lifecycle, including: use case development, task management, status reporting and full charting and project dashboarding using Visio and UML  diagramming tools.  • Day-to-day hands-on technical and project management on multiple complex projects including corporate  infrastructure projects, client configuration and integration projects, client field projects, marketing campaigns and data integration projects. IMPLEMENTATION PROJECT MANAGER BankServ - San Francisco, CA November 2007 to May 2008 • Managed new client implementation and existing client upgrade projects throughout complete project lifecycle.  • Assisted client institutions in determining scope of work; integrating new software and upgraded functionality  with current business processes and existing cash management, sweep and ACH software packages, including  the FIS and Fiserv platforms; configuring, testing and user training on new software.  • Travel on-site for user acceptance testing, user training and Federal Reserve Board security and function  certification, and operational readiness testing.  • Redesigned Bankserv's user acceptance testing guide to make it easier to follow, create defined modules for UAT and include deliverables to ensure client institutions were completing UAT and gaining value from the  process.  3032 Glenhurst Dr. Las Vegas, NV 89121 • (702) 686-5775 • kats@cox.net DIRECTOR OF IT PROJECTS Bella Pictures.com - Pahrump, NV June 2007 to October 2007 • Established Program/ Project Management methodology for the company.  • Responsible for user training for all new software products. Functioned as support for new software  rollouts. Wrote new user documentation, trained all users on new systems, was help desk for all internal and external users of 2 major new products.  • Responsible for all aspects of project development from business analysis through complete project lifecycle  • Worked closely with Marketing and Brand Management to integrate brand identity and design in to new  development  • Performed all business analysis to integrate ideas from different departments/user groups on all new  development initiatives. DIRECTOR OF IT/PROGRAM MANAGER Southwest Strategies - Las Vegas, NV May 2002 to June 2007 • Developed project management processes and methodologies for the company.  • Managed a team of 6 field project managers.  • Served as corporate trainer and user support representative.  • Maintained and administrated marketing database. Performed data analysis, data hygiene and data mining  tasks. Orchestrated both print and online marketing strategies, including message strategy, document  production and design and list creation and management.  • Developed strategies for bringing real-time public opinion data to high-profile political candidates and non- profit organizations engaging in lobbying or public opinion shaping.  • Managed the purchase and installation of corporate IT equipment. Helped to develop IT Department  methodology, project tasking, policies and procedures.  • Responsible for all aspects of project development on several critical projects linking the company with high- profile clients, the media and the public including proposal, timeline, budgeting, staffing, training and reporting.  • Performed complex data analysis for market and message targeting and campaign strategy  • Managed operations, HR, network infrastructure, internal documentation and corporate web development Education M.A. in American History University of Nevada Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV August 2015 M.S. in Information Systems University of Nevada Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV December 2013 B.A. in American History University of Nevada Las Vegas - Las Vegas, NV design and programming College of Southern Nevada and University of Nevada - Las Vegas, NV Skills Pmbok, Product management, Data analysis, Database administration, Database Additional Information Skills  Product Management: Full lifecycle management of complex, multi-user web and mobile applications; business  analysis; stakeholder management; change management; A/B testing; user acceptance testing;  Project Management: Project administration; scope definition; process and procedure documentation; business  analysis; change management; vendor selection and management; financial management; user interface design; user  acceptance testing; end-user advocacy; QA testing; software rollout; Agile, Waterfall, JAD, RAD, ITIL and PMBOK  project management methodologies; UML; management throughout complete SDLC  IT Management: IT Operations management; small network management; department budgeting; policy and  procedure definition and management; user management and training, security; contract resource management  Database: data analysis; data hygiene; database reporting; data mining; database marketing; database administration of  small to midsize multi-source databases; data warehouse; analytics  Software and Languages: HTML; XHTML; AJAX, Adobe; Wordpress; MySQL; PostgreSQL; PHP; Python; CSS;  Microsoft Office; Excel; MS Project; Visio; BaseCamp; GitHub; SmartDraw