Director, IT PMO ( Project Mgmt Office) Director, <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO (<span class="hl">Project</span> Mgmt Office) IT Project Management Professional Chesterfield, VA IT Leader with Application Support, Help Desk, Infrastructure, and IT Project Management background with strong understanding and advocacy of SDLC. Built IT PMO from the ground up, creating and implementing policies and procedures for project teams to adhere to. Change agent, nurtures professional partnerships and problem solver. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, IT PMO ( Project Mgmt Office) Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc. - Richmond, VA August 2016 to Present Provide Program & Project Management support and governance to VA Premier's IT Department by overseeing the successful completion of IT related projects from initiation to closure to meet business needs. Identifies key IT resources needed on projects. Facilitates transition of systems and applications from project development/implementation to on-going operations.   Revitalized IT's Project Management Office (PMO) by building out a strategic road map, creating process and policy, leveraging the pain points/feedback of IT staff/leadership for improvement, and recruited experienced project staff.     Responsibilities include:  • Recruit, mentor, and lead team of IT Project Managers  • Partner with the Executive Committee to build out the strategic goals/vision of the IT PMO  • Establish project best practices and governance in order to encourage timely and on-budget projects (incorporating Waterfall & Agile)  • Maintain relationships with IT staff and business units to nurture effective communication throughout project phases  • Develop project metrics/WBS to track project health, resources, and budget  • Facilitate project kick-off, planning, execution, monitor, control, closure and lessons learned  • Serve as the liaison between IT and the corporate project team  • Intake and vet new project requests in accordance to governance criteria   • Maintain IT's project portfolio IT Manager, TPA Systems Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc. - Richmond, VA September 2015 to August 2016 Provide support for applications and systems that are critical to the operation of the TPA (Third Party Administration) line of business and Client(s). General support duties consist of managing access, acting as liaison between user community (TPA Client and VPHP-TPA Internal Staff) and the Vendor (or VPHP IT Department), troubleshooting software errors, and reporting issues to the Vendor. Systems Analyst II - Commonwealth Coordinated Care (CCC) Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc. - Richmond, VA December 2012 to September 2015 Implemented and supported CCC line of business in claims processing system (QNXT). Primary support for all QNXT related incidents and service requests. Served as liaison between Virginia Premier and Cognizant (formerly Trizetto). IT System Administrator Family Care Home Health - Richmond, VA August 2005 to October 2012 Responsibilities and details available upon request Education MBA in Business Administration ECPI University - Richmond, VA 2018 to 2020 BBA in Business Administration Strayer University 2011 Skills Strong Communication (Written & Verbal) (10+ years), Analytical Skills (10+ years), Technical Support (10+ years), Adaptability (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Change Management (8 years), Multi-Tasking (10+ years), Prioritizing (9 years), Interpersonal Skills (10+ years), HIPAA Compliance (10+ years), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Windows 7 (4 years), Windows Server 2008 (4 years), Active Directory (10+ years), Six Sigma Green Belt (2 years), Project Management (3 years), Software Implementation (6 years), MS Project Server (2 years), MS Project Point (2 years), Business Intelligence (4 years), SDLC (8 years), PM Lifecycle (5 years), Forecasting (10+ years), Portfolio Management (4 years), Program Management (4 years), Strategic Planning, Waterfall (3 years), Agile (2 years), Medicare/Medicaid Compliance (10+ years), Recruiting (10+ years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/stephanie-wynn-jones-05555023 Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt May 2013 to Present ITIL June 2016 to Present ITIL Foundations Certification Additional Information • Initiated ECPI & VA Premier Enterprise Partnership  • Created VA Premier's IT Business Relationship Mgmt Position & Framework  • ECPI Advisory Board Member    References available upon request