IT Project Manager & Managing Partner <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> &amp; Managing Partner IT Project Manager & Managing Partner San Jose, CA Detail-oriented Project Developer/ Manager of new product development and online registration websites. 15 years of leadership experience and proven ability to work with independent contributors and clients to complete multifaceted projects on time. Stellar collaboration skills. Looking to bring strategic problem-solving abilities to your organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager & Managing Partner eventLoop - Santa Clara, CA November 2017 to June 2019 eventLoop • www.eventloop.biz  eventLoop provides registration event solutions to events, trade shows and conferences globally.    Instrumental in rebranding SMART-reg International into eventLoop.  • Brainstormed and proposed the new company name.  • Worked closely with the CEO and other managing partner to pick a new logo and develop marketing materials that would introduce eventLoop to the tradeshow/event market.  • Collaborated with marketing to create HTML pages utilizing ColdFusion and Microsoft SQL to capture information from potential clients to drive in sales for a LinkedIn campaign.  • Assisted in the hiring process of 3 sales associates and 2 ColdFusion developers.    Project lead for implementation of registration websites and onsite technology for top clients - California State PTA (CA PTA), California Association for Bilingual Education (CABE), Dish Network and Cadence.  • On-time delivery of websites that resulted in 100% customer satisfaction, repeat clients for over 10 years and clients requesting my project management and onsite service.  • Worked closely with CABE's Director of Programs & Events to fine-tune their registration specifications. Used an iterative project management approach to check each phase with the client to ensure specifications were correct.  • Worked closely with the Events Coordinator at Dish Network to create custom post-show statistical reports.  • Worked with International clients from Taiwan, China, Japan, India, Germany and Israel to develop registration systems.    Created websites in the native language for Taiwan, China and Japan. Managed independent contractors in developing new products and software components.  • Oversaw the successful implementation of incorporating Cvent's registration software to communicate with our onsite registration system in Abu Dhabi using an API.  • Collaborated with marketing and independent contractors to develop and implement a new product app: iSpy - the Selfie Game. The app allowed us to bring in extra revenue without being present at an event.  • Utilized Trello to track software development and Asana task management software to meet deadlines. Project Developer SMART-reg International, Inc - Palo Alto, CA August 2004 to November 2017 www.smart-reg.com  SMART-reg International provides technology, expertise and customer service to events, meetings, trade shows and festivals within the USA and internationally.    Traveled to over 150 events/trade shows averaging 12 events a year.  • Worked events with diverse clientele, staff and attendees in the following countries solely as the project lead or within a team: Glasgow, Scotland; Barcelona, Spain; Vancouver & Montreal, Canada; and Managua, Nicaragua.  • Loaded and debugged registration software and set up intranet networks for small events - Shell National Conference, over 2,000 attendees - to larger events - The Great American Trucking Show, over 50,000 attendees.  • Trained up to 30 event staff members on the registration software that was HTML, ColdFusion and SQL based. Training involved the printing of attendee RFID/Magnetic Card badges, operation of the badge printers and how to provide excellent customer service to attendees.  • Excelled in high pressure environments ensuring registration equipment was running smoothly and processing 500-1,000 records per hour.  • Handled a server that failed and successfully got the system up and running within 30 minutes before registration opened while also communicating to the client to keep them informed regarding the situation.    Multi-tasked and managed as many as 10 events/ projects at a time.  • Worked with event coordinators and directors of events to develop registration website specifications, deadlines for badge printings and onsite equipment logistics.  • Instrumental in convincing 2 long-time clients of the cost-benefit of on-demand badge printing onsite that saved them $2,000.  • Received yearly bonuses for completing projects ahead of schedule.  • Created software that generated "on-the-fly" continuing education PDF certificates that resulted in clients saving hours and money from manually counting attendee credits post-show.  • Developed administrative back-end systems for managers that generated statistical reports for event attendance. Education Master of Science in Computer Networks & Information Santa Clara University Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Santa Clara University Skills Html, Coldfusion, Sql, Microsoft office Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/maryshenoudawilliams/ Additional Information Skills  Microsoft Office  Project Management Software  • Trello  • Asana  • Agile (familiar)  Communication  Dependability  Organization  HTML  ColdFusion  Microsoft SQL