IT Support Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Technician Network Engineer Warrington, PA Highly motivated Network engineer (CCNA R&S), well versed in configuration, implementation and troubleshooting of routing  protocols (RIPv2, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), LAN switching technologies (VLAN, VTP, DTP), as well as TCP, UDP, OSI model & IP  Addressing. Able to adapt quickly and effectively in new environments, concepts and systems. Self-sufficient & organized, with  proven ability to execute plan of action in order to achieve targets.    CORE QUALIFICATIONS    • Implementing VLANs, VTP, DTP • Configuring and verifying ACLs  • Excellent knowledge of TCI/IP & Sub-Netting • Self-sufficient and detail oriented  • Troubleshooting of EIGRP, OSPF, BGP protocols • Excellent customer service  • Configuring Cisco Routers & Switches • Eager to take on challenging tasks Work Experience IT Support Technician Tower Health - Philadelphia, PA February 2019 to March 2019 Contract position)  • Setup, installation on Dell AIO, OptiPlex Micros & Laptops  • Installation of KVM Switches, Setup local and network Printers  • Update of Group policies, reconfigure BIOS settings  • Inventory tracking for new computer terminals IT Security Operations Technician SSC Space U.S - Horsham, PA February 2018 to May 2018 Contract position)  • Responsible for the weekly rotation Servers backup (Symantec Backup Exec 2012).  • Collaborating with Security Operation Manager in researching and analyzing SAST and DAST security testing  applications.  • Performed analysis of NIST 800-190 (Application Security Container Guide).  • Overview of Sub Systems in the SOC, such as: SolarWinds, Packet Shaper, Scrutinizer and Firepower.  • Supporting the testing of ELK System (Elasticsearch - Logstash - Kibana). Senior Project Manager PROMPT Shipping Software - Warrington, PA July 2011 to February 2018 Proficient in installation of Client enable applications (UNIX, Linux, & Windows Servers) combined with Web Thin  Client technology.  • Multiple years of experience and high level of knowledge in the field of maritime software.  • Management of the architecture and development of innovative, functional and user-friendly applications.  • Continuous support and maintenance of customer software in the maritime sector. Director of Software Development Symbol Computer Services - Piraeus, GR January 1992 to July 2011 Responsible for the team that analyzed, designed and developed integrated software solutions for maritime  companies and their vessels. The maritime software applications consist of several modules, which can work as stand alone, are hardware independent and use web capabilities.  • Developed projects include: Crew Management, Master's General Account, Voyage Estimator, Laytime Calculator, Vessel's Certificates, Stores, Provisions, Spares, Planned Maintenance System.  • Overlooking activities included: presentations, installations, full training and after sales support of the applications.  • Ensured customer satisfaction by providing online technical support.  • Ensured successful training of more than 500 employees on the shipping applications system. Software Architect & Project Manager ELECOMP GROUP - Athens, GR July 1988 to December 1991 • Served as project manager of a team, overlooking the development of finance applications and enhancements.  • Contributed to the improvement of the software development process.  • Responsible for interacting with clients for the business developments. Application Programmer ELECOMP GROUP - Athens, GR October 1986 to July 1988 • Developed, tested, installed and maintained application programs.  • Worked as a team member to complete a Financial Information System (FINIS).  • Software applications included: Customers, Suppliers, Stock overview, Invoicing, Statistics reports, Purchase orders, Accounting and Fixed assets. Education VMware-authorized course Bucks County Community College - Norristown, PA October 2018 to February 2019 CCNA (Routing and Switching) Cisco Networking Academy Class - BCCC - Norristown, PA February 2017 to November 2018 Systems Analysis - Computer Programming Control Data Institute - Athens 1981 to 1983 Skills Linux, Unix, Udp, Routing protocols, Tcp/ip, Acls, Vlan, Bgp, Eigrp, Ospf, Switching, Tcp, Bash, Lan Certifications/Licenses CCNA Routing and Switching February 2018 to February 2021 Cisco Networking Academy class (Routing and Switching)   CompTIA A+ August 2019 to August 2022 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Expert skills and knowledge in network architectures and topologies  • Knowledge in details OSI model Layers 1-7  • Expert skills and knowledge in TCP/IP, UDP/IP  • Comprehensive knowledge of the Network and Routing Protocols (RIPv2, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP)  • Experience of LAN switching technologies (VLAN, VTP, DTP)  • Experience of IP addressing, administrating Sub-nets and various routing models  • Configuration of Standard and Extended ACLs  • Troubleshooting of networks connectivity  • Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, LINUX - Extensive knowledge of Linux editors, Bash scripts and CLI