SR IT Project and Program .gr SR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> and Program .gr IT Project Manager - GulfStream Aerospace Corporation Savannah, GA Over 30 years of experience in the Professional Services and Consulting business including 18 years in leadership roles. Broad technical and business knowledge with outstanding management and leadership skills. Creative problem solver with strong communication skills. Team player, able to fill a variety of positions relating to projects, products, and people. Able to establish rapport and creditability with diverse groups including customers, end-users, technical resources, company executives, and board members. Six Sigma training resulting in White and Yellow Belt Certifications. Achieved Project Management PMP in 2004. Recently completed and certified for ITIL V3 Foundation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR IT Project and Program .gr GulfStream Aerospace - Savannah, GA July 2007 to Present IT Project Manager GulfStream Aerospace Corporation 2007 to Present Provided Project Management to Gulfstream IT PMO. Lead the effort to implement a standard set of project management processes and disciplines with the PMO group since it's development in late 2007. Responsible for the development and refinement of standard templates and documents used throughout the project life cycle as defined within the PMO process.    Successfully managed the implementation of a multi-million dollar project to upgrade the corporate PLM application (CATIA / Smarteam) that was mandated by FAA requirements, Program Manager of the enterprise wide upgrade of all client based devices from Windows XP to Windows 7, Lead project manager for the successful transition to Enterprise Storage strategy utilizing EMC storage equipment. Other projects include the upgrade of a new Learning Management System, Succession Planning system and successfully implemented an Import/Export Compliance Database to help with the compliance of shipping parts and supplies according to ITAR regulations.    Within the past 10 years, I have furthered my Project Management education with becoming a Certified SCRUM master, (2016), the attendance to IPOS 2008 (International Project Office Summit), completed a PMO Workshop that focused on the growth and maturity of a Project Management Office and was a presenter at IPOS 2010 in Atlanta in September of 2010. Recently received certification in ITIL V3 Foundation.    My strengths include great organizational skills, firm belief in standardizing processes to improve efficiencies and productivity, ability to mentor project team members and work with a diverse set of resources and skill sets and effectively communicate to all levels of management. I have consistently invested in my career and willing to do what it takes to get the job done. Project Manager, Business Analyst and Project Coordinator Ceridian Employer Services 2005 to 2006 Responsible for internal and external project assignments within the Professional Services Division., specifically    • Designed scope and requirement documents, Secured Resource assignments, develop project plans, and manage the delivery and implementation of customized projects. Project Manager Ceridian Employer Services 1999 to 2006 During my 11+ years at Ceridian, all of the positions I held included the role of Project Manager responsible for the planning, scheduling, implementation and delivery of technical services. The amount of projects varied in size and length but usually averaged 90-120 days as the engagement cycle, The project teams would consist of anywhere from 1-8 technical resources with labor budgets being anywhere from 100,000 to 600,000. Below is a list of some of the projects I was responsible for during my last 12 months at Ceridian:    * ESource Upgrade Project, 95 customers, 6 technical resources, project duration 270 days, labor budget of $575,000. Dec 2004 through October 2005.  * Hastings School District of Minneapolis, 4 Technical Resources, labor budget of $355,000 with a project lifecycle of 120 days, Oct 2004 - Jan 2005  * Cabot Oil & Drilling, 3 Technical Resources, 60 day project, $125,00 in labor costs during Oct and Nov 2005 Project Manager Ceridian Employer Services 1995 to 2006 Provided professional services in central and national delivery models as well as at the regional and district field levels for a national payroll and human resource service and software provider. Acquired and developed extensive knowledge of corporate payroll and human resource products, from the legacy products of Encore and Ensemble to the current releases of HR/PR Web. Assistant VP Ceridian Employer Services 2004 to 2005 Managed three virtual consulting teams of over 20 members each.  • Selected to serve on several internal Six Sigma Projects to redefine three divisions - Professional Services, Project Consulting, and Out Sourcing / 3rd Party Management Practices.  • Served as Process Owner for the three divisions, resulting in the merger of two Professional Services Teams under the direction of the software development group. Team Manager, National Professional Services Ceridian Employer Services 1997 to 2003 Delivered and implemented Professional Services projects to new and existing customers.  Managed up to 20 virtual Professional Services Consultants.  • Introduced and implemented the Project Coordinator Role in the Central Professional Service group, earning a Star Nomination and the President's Circle Award in 2003.  • Introduced Project Management and Team Delivery Module for Source 500, the first corporate client/server product brought to market. Designed customization project in excess of $300,000 for Protein Technologies.  • Selected to be Rollout Manager of CII Customization Teams, a major new product and process released in 1997.  • Managed the implementation and delivery of a $250,000 customized project for a 3500 employee customer.  • Achieved team productivity percentage, averaging 87%.  • Achieved team revenue over a three-year period, averaging over $3.9 million in gross revenue. Team Leader of Accent Services, Chicago District Ceridian Employer Services 1996 to 1996 Managed workload and work assignments for all customization projects with three projects consultants. Consultant Ceridian Employer Services 1995 to 1995 Developed customized projects within the Revelation Technologies product set based upon customer needs. Professional Services Consultant Solutions Plus - Chicago, IL 1985 to 1995 Owned and operated consulting business focusing on delivery of Mission Critical Applications for PC Environment and Novell Network Platforms. Utilized emerging database management software including Cosmos which became Revelation Technologies in 1986.    ADDITIONAL RELEVANT PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Education BA in Computer Science DePaul University 1985 Skills Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling, Word, budget, Estimating, Customer Service, Maintenance Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation Present PMP Agile Scrum Master Present