Engineer Supervisor Engineer Supervisor PMP Project Manager Huntingtown, MD Seasoned PMI certified Project Management Professional (PMP)   Over 14 years of experience in leading and delivering projects in the areas of requirements collection and analysis, scope management, risk management, business process improvement, change management, governance, communications, quality metrics for government, private sectors, and public-private partnerships   Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate certification for Microsoft Office 365 integration   Client focused Project Manager   Microsoft Project and similar scheduling and Project Management products with over 8 years of experience   Knowledgeable and tested in Agile methodologies, including Scrum, with over 5 years of experience with Agile/Scrum software development, testing and implementation in DevOps.   Lengthy experience utilizing the SDLC process.   Extensive experience building and establishing PMO processes by applying PMBOK methodologies to create an effective PMO and applying continuous process improvement methodologies including Lean Six Sigma to improve efficiencies and eliminate lag times of existing processes.   ACCA Certified in HVAC Design including Manual J, Manual S and Manual D.   ACCA Certified in Quality Installation Standard 5.   Over 2 years of experience designing and leading design teams for HVAC. Work Experience Engineer Supervisor TMS Inc - Waldorf, MD February 2019 to July 2019 Led a team that designed complete mechanical HVAC systems for residential and light commercial new construction  which include load calculations on buildings for heat gain and loss, equipment selection to maximize energy efficiency and consumer comfort, duct design calculations to determine proper duct sizing and appropriate fittings and final design  elements to illustrate floor plans for construction details and sales estimates.  • Determined outdoor condenser locations based on local code and setback restrictions.  • Completed material take-offs and cut sheets for pricing and metal fabrication.  • Entered material into a proprietary database to obtain accurate pricing for estimated work. Worked with owner of company  to develop estimated contracts.  • Developed relationships with various builders and maintained communication daily.  • Once a contract was awarded, continued to improve material list from redlines from the field supervisor. Created work  orders for various material categories and distributed them to the parts team.  • Worked with permit personnel to make sure all mechanical permits had complete requirements.  • Expert using Microsoft Office products and online components to increase efficiency and productivity within the Engineering Department and throughout the company. IT Project Manager Artemis Consulting Inc June 2018 to January 2019 • Served as project manager for loc.gov, Repository development and Chronicling America (ChronAm) projects within the Library of Congress  • Served as project manager for Mobile Development and Maintenance project within the Library of Congress.  • Served as project manager and time and materials manager for the Library of Congress Data Migration effort.  • Served as deputy project manager and time and materials manager for the DBA contract within the Library of Congress  • Utilized specialized knowledge of Federal projects and Agile SDLC including projects supporting the Library of Congress.  • Managed multiple staff resources both onsite and remotely.    • Established the Artemis PMO to develop standards and practices to ensure all project managers at Artemis deliver a superior product for our clients.  • Served as the ISO9001 Internal Auditor for Artemis.  • Served as project manager for multiple corporate projects in support of executive leadership priorities. Engineer McCrea Equipment Company - Temple Hills, MD February 2017 to June 2018 Designed complete mechanical systems for residential and light commercial new construction which include load  calculations on buildings for heat gain and loss, equipment selection to maximize energy efficiency and consumer  comfort, duct design calculations to determine proper duct sizing and appropriate fittings and final design elements to illustrate floor plans for construction details and sales estimates.  • Utilized Microsoft Access database to enter new contract information, house types and equipment and extracts data to create reports to facilitate work orders for material delivery to work sites and foreman instructions on job requirements per  lot.  • Managed and maintains Microsoft SharePoint online site to track work schedules, permit completion and work order  creation.  • Expert using Microsoft Office products and online components to increase efficiency and productivity within the Engineering Department and throughout the company.  • Trained users on Microsoft, Adobe and proprietary design software package to create atmosphere of growth in Information Technology knowledge base within the Department.  • Effectively communicated daily with Vice President on project prioritizing and scheduling. Also, initiates dialogue with colleagues to brainstorm solutions within design elements and develop improvements to planning and executing  processes that create timely and accurate deliverables to Management and Clients. Associate - IT Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA March 2014 to July 2015 • Recruited as a talent acquisition based on prior IT and Project Management experience, skill set and knowledge base.  • Booz Allen Hamilton training included Agile Project Management methodologies, Project Management tools and techniques, Client Relationship Management, Contract Management and Financial Management.  • Successfully engaged with various clients and contracts to manage projects from planning phase to final implementation.  • Conducted project tracking meetings with the project team and conducted meetings with various stakeholders to review  that project scope and objectives were met.  • Created risk matrices to analyze and prioritize potential project risks and to track and mitigate risks encountered.  • Created project schedules, milestones and timelines of deliverables.  • Skilled at writing responsive task order proposals with the ability to communicate ideas effectively while also displaying an understanding of prospective client needs. Policy and Performance Project Manager Associated Veterans, LLC - Culpeper, VA February 2013 to March 2014 Collaborated with client, US Department of Labor Veterans' Employment and Training Service (VETS), in analyzing over  35 performance measures and policies to streamline and improve processes using a Lean approach. Counseled  Leadership to adopt methods to implement processes.  o Successfully implemented process to optimize reporting timelines to ensure that the most current data and analyses are reported to the Department and Congress.  o Developed methods and publishes guidance memorandums to the field staff across the United States to ensure  reporting within the database collection tool is enhanced by decentralizing database administration and improving customer service times.    • Participated in team, using Agile/Scrum methodologies and following the SDLC process, to develop a relational database  that monitors and maintains records to manage State Grant program that consists of $170 million in government  appropriations.  • Counsels and Collaborates with US Department of Labor Cloud Transition Team to migrate email services to the Cloud  environment. Continues with migration efforts for Microsoft Office programs including MS Office and SharePoint  technologies.  • Manages and maintains agency's SharePoint site that spans across four separate offices with over 200 users.  • Provides Department of Labor established measures to the Office of Performance Evaluation and creates quarterly  reports that delivers a comprehensive analysis of gathered data which then is presented to Leadership within the Department of Labor and, annually, to Congress.  • Consults as a subject matter expert for grants management for over $200 million in grant money that VETS appropriates  to grantees as a result of training and certification in Advanced Grants Management at the University of Colorado, Denver.  • Act as the National Office Member of the Competitive Grants Expert Team (CGET), which is composed of over twelve  experts on Competitive Grants Management from across the United States. Advises CGET on policies and procedures  developed in the DOL National Office. Guides CGET into improving processes across the United States on managing  Competitive Grants. IT Project Manager October 2012 to February 2013 Managed and administered the VETS database data collection system which consists of over 650 users within over 160  non-profit and faith-based grantees. Data collection system utilized an Oracle database back-end with a Cold Fusion user  facing front-end.  • Worked with the client, VETS, with on-site technical assistance in development of written guidance on tracking and collecting performance measures.  • Led workgroup to develop data sharing between Department of Labor and Department of Defense to facilitate career  enhancement for members of the US Military transitioning to the civilian workforce.  • Provided assistance in compiling performance data from more than five data sources into regular performance  management reports and compiled and analyzed quarterly and annually performance data into a draft and published  quantitative and qualitative analysis papers.  • Provided technical assistance, analyzes data and recommended program corrections and improvements to the VETS  database collection system.  • Supported production infrastructure needs including, but not limited to any hardware and software. Analyzed data  retrieved from VETS' system and provided ad hoc data reports as requested by Management. IT Project Manager OmniSystems, Inc - McLean, VA January 2012 to October 2012 • Lead implementation of converting data from legacy healthcare system, ICD-9, to commercial off-the-shelf solution to reach compliance with the United States Department of Health and Human services adoption of ICD-10 medical coding.  • Planned, created, and executed the Implementation Plan, and managed approved code releases and capabilities for services to production that accomplished Project objectives for project valued over $3 million.  • Conducted appropriate post-deployment reviews, and transitions production responsibilities to IT Operations once the application was certified in production  • Assigned for resolution any defects in production to appropriate development and test Team Member(s), and monitors  production loads / batches  • Supported production infrastructure needs including, but not limited to any IBM mainframe and networking hardware, software updates and maintenance fixes and patches as required  • Developed schedules, submitted status reports to the PMO, performed cost benefit analysis and conducted team  meetings to plan, execute, implement and close various projects. Assistant Director of Program Development State of Maryland, Department of Budget and Management March 2010 to January 2012 Provided technical and functional planning and analysis to the Project Management team for the Central Collection Unit  Information Technology ( IT) system modernization project.  • Served as the Subject Matter Expert in the verification of business functional requirements for technical-related functions  including IT program development, collection systems and accounting systems.  • Utilized rigorous Project Management principles and methods recognized by the Project Management Institute (PMI) in order to manage projects that analyze and resolve complex problems identified within the programs and processes of the  debt collection database and other IT systems in the State Government.  • Successful in developing and deploying increased efficiencies of existing processes by creating technical project  statements of work (SOW), analyzing cost benefit of project, exploring alternatives and implementing final deliverables.  For example:  o Successfully spearheaded project to integrate, document, deploy and manage solution to securely transfer files via  FTP MoveIT server with other State of Maryland agencies.  o Implemented solution to move all print jobs from dot matrix impact printing to Xerox laser printing with VIPP  programming.  • Lead, supervised and provided direction and technical support to a group of eleven (11) technical employees whose  mission was to monitor and execute agency support processes and database account management.  • Coached and developed staff of 11 technical employees, including monthly one-on-one sessions where feedback on behaviors and technical skills was provided and a Development Plan to close gaps was created and discussed to  evaluate progress.  • Completed employee performance reports and reviewed on a semi-annual basis while also providing regular feedback  regarding performance to associates.  • Trained and mentored staff on database functionality and interfaces that were pivotal to the successful operations of the Unit. Database Specialist 2008 to 2010 Managed and maintained debt collection database with a portfolio consisting of over 2.5 million records worth over $3.3  billion and accessed by over 155 users.  • Developed relational database elements to store, query and report data from databases in Microsoft Access and Columbia Ultimate debt collection software to analyze data that influenced policies and procedures at the agency.  • Designed and utilized DB2 database to track State of Maryland tax offsets.  • Designed database interfaces and architecture based on user and organizational needs.  • Reviewed, analyzed and fully tested database design before introducing to full production.  • Designed and developed ad hoc reporting from collection database software to analyze collection efforts of debts owed to the State of Maryland.  • Integrated collection software database interfaces with peripheral systems for image scanning, point of sale accounts  receivable, auto predictive dialer and interactive voice response.  • Coached systems users in new applications and published end-user manuals. IT Functional Analyst 2005 to 2008 Directed the development and implementation of Revenue Collection System (RCS) which consists of ten point of sale  and five administration machines over the State of Maryland wide area network at main office in downtown Baltimore and five Motor Vehicle Administration satellite locations. RCS processed over $100 million in collections since inception in IT Programmer 2000 to 2005 Established collection database software that abided by US Federal Regulations in the Treasury Offset Program (TOP), which generated over $1 million in collections annually.    • Planned, designed, developed and tested software database revisions and analyzed effect of software changes on the debt collection process.  • Consulted clients in determining file specifications to automate debt referral and adjustment files for over 25,000 records  monthly.  • Wrote and maintained program specifications for documentation of SDLC.  • Modified and applied Job Control Language (JCL) and COBOL in CICS and TSO housed on IBM mainframes at the Annapolis Data Center (ADC) to perform matches of over 800,000 records in the collection database with other state  agencies. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Technology in Computer Information Technology University of Baltimore - Baltimore, MD 2003 Associate in Accounting in Accounting Community College of Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD 1995 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Data Management (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Requirements Management (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), Software Configuration Management (10+ years), Web Content Management (5 years), Risk Management (7 years), Asset Management (7 years), Scheduling (7 years), Business Process Improvement (10+ years), ITIL v3 Methodology (5 years), ISO9000 Development (1 year), Earned Value Management (4 years), Agile (6 years), Scrum (6 years), Meeting Planning (10+ years), Quality Assurance (6 years), Microsoft Project (6 years), Sharepoint (6 years), Microsoft 365 Administration and Migration (3 years), Amazon Web Services AWS (2 years), Single Sign On Management (2 years), Cloud Identities Management (2 years), Estimating, budget, Outlook, Auto CAD Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2012 to October 2021 Project Management Institute (PMI) o PMP Certified, License 1550355  ITIL 2014 to Present Information Technology Infrastructure Library Foundation (ITIL-F) o AXELOS Global Best Practice, License GR750086624CR  MCSA July 2017 to Present Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate – Office 365   o 70-346 Managing Office 365 Identities and Requirements – July 2017   o 70-347 Enabling Office 365 Services – August 2017  Scrum Master October 2014 to Present Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) o Scrum.org  Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/atfcnca34j5qypix Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.