Information Technology Destop SiteLead Information Technology Destop SiteLead Information Technology Desktop Senior Level La Porte, TX Respected, intuitive leader of top-notch, cross-disciplinary technical teams Visionary and pioneering in formulating forward-thinking technology strategies    Goal-driven Information Technology Desktop Manager with experience in designing, deploying and administering enterprise-wide network and hardware infrastructures.  • Highly competitive, team-oriented individual, with proven capabilities of working effectively toward team goals.   • Skilled in a diverse array of applications and corporate platforms, with the proven ability to quickly acquire expertise in new processes, procedures, and technologies.  • Highly analytical and detail-oriented, with exceptional troubleshooting and multitasking talents, as well as able to quickly locate and resolve root source of complex technical issues.   • Exceptional skills at monitoring, maintaining and updating a diverse array of hardware, software and PC/network components.   • Skilled in providing close client & vendor relationship, though constant communication and support.  • Self motivated and driven to succeed and see projects to completion. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Destop SiteLead Memorial Hermann HealthCare - Houston, TX February 2012 to June 2019 (Texas Medical Center)  Provide onsite and remote support for Texas Medical Center. In addition to the daily incident tickets/work orders that filter through from the helpdesk, I've also taken on the responsibility of: new construction design, implementation, and purchasing. Perform inspections with various vendors on departmental renovations to include new construction. Coordinate with vendors for Data Drops, Relocations, TV Mounts, and various projects that involve a third party resources. I've successfully established an IT presence and built trusting relationships with Senior Level Leaders.    Focus Points:  * Support offsite clinics: 11 MHMG Clinics, 6 Sports Medicine, 7 OPID, and 7 misc. clinics.  * Manage and collaboration with all client vendors, source selection and quality review periodically.  * Manages financial performance (budget to actual, hours remaining, expenses, etc.) Accountable for projects' profit and loss and time constraints  * Gathering requirements from business groups to scale up existing or new systems across entire organization. Liaison for all business groups to identify interdependencies with a goal to increase business continuity  * Conducts weekly project meetings to review the schedule, scope and project costs on all management levels.  * Ensuring all clients expectations are met and project objectives are achieved. Weekly client reviews are conducted internally on a quarterly basis for continuous improvement on the quality of deliverables provided IT Project Information Manager Fluor - Greenville, SC August 2009 to February 2012 Member of the initial phase transition team in Afghanistan, assisted in developing processes and procedures to assume responsibility of military duties from previous contract holder. Oversee all phases of project management life cycle, from concept, to planning/execution, to client delivery and provided 24hr support to effectively run our US Military Installations. Coordinate installation and configuration of voice / data network components across 35 US Military Bases. Forge partnerships and liaise closely with client, subcontractors and vendors in procuring and deploying technologies. Adeptly guide and coach world-class team of 42 operating across multiple locations. Plan and organize training sessions on complex technical systems and concepts. Contribute to weekly meetings with executive management to discuss service level agreements (SLA) and helpdesk statistics.    Key Achievements:  * Established new helpdesk guidelines that minimized end-user downtime by boosting response time to helpdesk request to improve SLA agreements.  * Assisted with various new and existing construction projects to include office and housing buildings at various bases throughout Afghanistan.  * Responsible for providing adequate IT staffing across Northern Afghanistan to support the demanding needs of the US Military and Fluor's contract obligations.  * Responsible for the direct management of database management of Implementation of Maximo and Quick-base applications, as well as tracking asset inventory. IT Specialist Sr Memorial Hermann HealthCare - Houston, TX October 2008 to August 2009 Provided onsite and remote support to Southwest Employees to include doctors and nurses with minimal downtime and under constant time constraints. Took point on the majority of severity level 2 situations and administered work accordingly often, in the odd hours of the night. Available to provide 24hr support for the nursing staff, as well as maintaining my daily work load. Assisted in establishing a break/fix process with returned equipment and often worked with vendors/clients to provide a solution.    Key achievements:  * Started as a weekend on call technician and worked my way to fulltime facility support in a short period of time.  * Worked directly with staff, doctors, and nurses to cater to their needs, so they can better perform their job duties.  * Held the responsibility of supporting multiple facilities with little to no supervision from upper management. IT Project Manager Sr Halliburton - Dubai, AE September 2006 to December 2007 Directly managed a team of 6, administered IT equipment to the United States Military and various projects within Dubai, Iraq, Afghanistan, Africa, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia; provided functional computers and server equipment to indirectly 20,000+ end users across the Middle Eastern Environment for LOGCAP III government awarded contract.  Acted as point-of-contact for technicians and managers in resolution of new and escalated issues; Identified research and resolved issues with minimal supervision or technician assistance; Worked closely with team members across multiple locations 24/7 to ensure optimal computer performance in a continually shifting environment; Responded to user emails and phone requests for technical support and break fix computer issues; Tracked and documented all incoming and outgoing asset requests; Worked with local authorized HP retailers on repairing and exchanging HP equipment under factory warranty;  Coordinated and worked with various departments in Dubai Customs to ensure timely arrival and departures of computers and servers; Supervised and monitored software/hardware processes and updates to pre-deployed systems; Implemented security measures including removal of vast amounts of spy/ad/malware and implementation of computer-image backups.    Key Achievements:  * Transferred from Corporate to the LOGCAP III project, based in Kuwait to assist with one of the largest awarded KBR contracts for the United States Military known to date.  * Selected by Service Delivery Center (SDC) on a regular basis to assist with escalated issues due to proven ability to deliver exceptional results within targeted deadlines, and highly reliable skills in testing and documenting errors in newly designed applications prior to deployment.  * Assisted with the design and implementation of a new database system for all incoming and outgoing equipment for Dubai SDC in an effort to better support LOGCAP III Productivity and accountability.  * Held responsibility as Lead Warehouse Coordinator, to oversee the overall process for testing and repairing defective computers and communications equipment from the Field.  * Operated a warehouse that continuously deployed 500+ computers a month to various sites in the Middle Eastern Region. IT Desktop Specialist II Getronics - Houston, TX October 2004 to September 2006 Coordinated and provided technical support to 1500+ end users in GI based Windows 2000/NT 4.0 environment on site for Shell Oil Westhollow Technology Center; Technical assistance included software related issues, replacing internal motherboards, LCD screens, keyboards, and other related hardware type scenarios; Processed all incoming script requests, which included preparing, testing, and gathering data for putting scripts into production.  Created service tickets and coordinated with local support on a daily basis for a new hardware setup, installs, and configurations; Held the responsibility of Lead Tech while managing new hardware stock and maintaining a monthly inventory of all IT related equipment; Responded to telephone, e-mail and onsite trouble-ticket inquiries, while resolving issues on an independent basis with little to no supervision.  Monitored, maintained and troubleshot computer workstations, hardware, software and computer/networking peripherals across LAN environment. Maintained and updated user permissions. Updated hardware and software including installation of new software releases, server upgrades and installation of patches. Performed system backups and disaster recovery. Maintained data files and ensured system configuration met data-integrity requirements.    Key Achievements:  * Improved the SLA response time for the desktop support desk. Assisted with the installation and development of a customized VM Ware 5.0 to 200+ users across sites.  * Main point of contact and held training sessions on replacing and repairing various network printers.  * Part of the migration team to globalize to a GI standard platform according to company guidelines. IT Desktop Support Technician Halliburton - Houston, TX February 2003 to August 2004 Assisted in configuration, installation and repairing PC hardware and peripherals according to established procedures. Inventoried new laptops and desktops, and installed authorized ghost images according to company guidelines. Installed Cisco Client using both built in Aethos software and external wireless cards. Contacted end users to define data migration requirements; Performed data migration over the local secured network, caddy, or pc data link. Performed user computer hardware relocations and returned hardware and server equipment to stock per approved GSS request, which included 3 remote site locations. Adhered to and enforced facility security measures according to departmental guidelines. Granted software licensing to users via GSS and Service Center request. Assisted in setting up PC's and related peripherals both internal and external. Installed new virus protection and updates to user's machines.    Key Achievements:  * Advanced from warehouse technician to desktop support in a matter of 6 months, through hard work and staying focused at the task at hand.  * Directly contributed to the increase in monthly performance and productivity of the amount of machines deployed. Uniformed Officer Recruit United States Secret Service - Houston, TX August 2003 to April 2004 Hired as a Uniformed Officer for the United States Secret Service after 18-months of interviews, test, and training. My role as a uniformed officer was to provide security to the white house grounds and affiliated locations. While attending FLETC Academy I was in the running with about 140 additional recruits and while attending my training I was released after a series of cuts for a very limited available positions.    Key Achievements:  * Obtained highest level of security clearance.  * Graduated from phase 1 of Federal Law Enforcement Academy training. Education Project Management Professional North Harris Montgomery College - Houston, TX 2000 to 2003