IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst IT Analyst South Hamilton, MA • Motivated strategy and project management professional with a strong proven track record   to which my skills are known throughout the organization.  • Bring a set of diversified skills to include leadership, technical, and analytical roles.  • Passion, dedication, and results oriented in a multifaceted environment to include   operations, project management, process management, continuous improvement, technical   troubleshooting, and cost savings all the while keeping a calm and level head along with a   sense of humor. Work Experience IT Analyst Osram - Wilmington, MA 1999 to Present • Established and implemented mobility assets acquisition, maintenance, standards and procedures. Manage corporation's mobile assets and budget for smart phones, air cards, and audio conferencing.  • Process, purchase, inventory, and deploy mobile equipment requests for end users. Maintain equipment records for all assets.  • Provide technical support and resolution for both Domestic and International usage.  • Responsible for ongoing evaluation and recommendation of products based on users requirements to realize any cost savings potential.  • Developed and maintained a variety of Operational reports related to Inventory, Rate Analysis, and Cost Tracking to reflect cost savings by corporation, business unit, and individual.  • Interface with vendors on a regular basis to review account for customer issues, cost savings opportunities, billing discrepancies/corrections, and technical advances.  • Coordinate with Procurement team to select and negotiate with vendors to achieve lowest cost for hardware and software purchases.  • Telecommunication Expense Management (TEM): responsible for a multi-million dollar budget for North America, cost analysis, payment processing, spending trends, and cost saving initiatives.  • Responsible to process payments for telecommunication invoices as well as process disputes, activations, and disconnects with corporate third party vendor.  • Process monthly Journal Entries to Finance for distribution of charges to appropriate GL in conjunction with maintenance of budget as well as identify accruals.  • Manage corporation's software assets and budget. Process, purchase, inventory, and deploy software requests for end users. Maintain and renew as needed annual maintenance agreements.  • Supervise facilitation of helpdesk tickets (ServiceNow) to the IT LTS team and as well as interface with the user.  • Manage the White Glove process with LTS when on-boarding a new hire on day one.  • Responsible for ordering software, software maintenance, and computer hardware in Supplier Relationship Management system (SRM).  • Responsible for creation of PO's, IVO's and TCO's for IT Telecom and project budgets.  • Responsible for reviewing and processing all invoices in ReadSoft system.    Project Achievements  • Key participant on migration project of Cisco Call Manager to AT&T Hosted Voiced Phone Services (HVS). Deployed the new system to seventeen locations across the U.S.  • Participated in the on-boarding tool that was being developed in the new ticketing system (ServiceNow).  • Incident Controller for the Local Technical Support team as the ticketing system was being transitioned from an SAP based system to the new ticketing system (ServiceNow).  • Key participant in a Kaizen event with HR for the improvement of on-boarding a new employee.  • Participated as point person for corporate carve out project for all telecommunication lines of service, accounts, and equipment for transfer of Lighting Division to its new entity.  • Key participant and point person for the implementation of Telecommunication Expense Management (TEM) process with our preferred partner.  • Project lead to migrate 1000+ Blackberries to the iPhone. Completed on time and the first global region to complete. Realized a six figure cost savings; negotiated no cost iPhones from the vendor as well as proactively managed upgrade dates on replacement devices during rollout with minimal impact to the end user which resulted in greater savings.  • Project lead to migrate 1100 cellular devices for business unit from their existing vendor to the corporate preferred vendor. Completed on time with minimal impact during the rollout. Realized a six figure savings; negotiated no cost devices in addition to the savings from the new cellular plan.  • Project lead to upgrade 500+ air cards from 3G to 4G. Completed on time and negotiated equipment at no cost to realize significant cost savings. Project Coordinator Liberty Mutual Information Systems - Danvers, MA 1997 to 1999 • Designed and maintained Budget Reporting process for multi-million dollar project.  • Provided ad hoc planning and data to Project Managers and Project Director.  • Tracked and analyzed monthly Time Reporting results against the budget.  • Organized and maintained the Quality Assurance Test Case Database for multiple Projects within the Strategic Project.  • Implemented and maintained Project Plans and Milestones for the Strategic Project.  • Provided weekly reports to Project Manager's and Project Director.  • Supported development and maintenance for Technical Documentation. Project Coordinator ESSENSE Systems, Inc - Peabody, MA 1994 to 1997 • Performed Project Management functions for multiple projects, including Technical Documentation.  • Developed and managed Operational reports related to Client Operations and Corporate Finances.  • Developed programs demonstrating software utilization for Trade Shows.  • Developed and managed documentation for all Employee records and Benefits.  • Served as liaison between Group Managers, Recruitment Agencies, and Classifieds for the Recruitment Program.  • Conducted Onboarding Program for New Hires. Operations/Product Manager Avnet, Inc - Peabody, MA 1988 to 1994 • Developed, documented, administered and trained personnel on internal policies, procedures, and reports for a start-up computer division of a large electronics distributor.  • Identified, analyzed, and provided solutions to sales issues related to Customer satisfaction, profit leaks, and Operational policies and procedures.  • Developed and managed a variety of periodic Operational reports related to Contracts, Branch Sales and Profit, Marketing Programs, and Inventory Availability.  • Developed and maintained positive relationships with Internal Field and Home Office team members, as well as with Manufacturers' team members to enable a productive role as liaison.    Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA  Certified Operating Room Technician    Computer Skills:  • Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, Lotus Notes, SAP SRM, and ReadSoft Education Certification in Project Management George Washington University Certificate North Shore Community College Skills Sap, Srm, Excel, Lotus notes, Outlook Links http://linkedin.com/in/donna-drinkwater