IT Launch Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Launch <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project / Program Manager Canfield, OH Highly motivated, high achieving project manager with extensive IT experience in the automotive industry. Special expertise in managing leveraged resources across multiple locations and projects to deploy IT applications, hardware and network infrastructure while identifying unique requirements at each location. Major strengths include proven analytical skills, communication, resource management, establishing excellent working relationships and providing innovative solutions to complex technical issues.     Project Scheduling Strategic Planning Requirements Gathering  Risk / Issue / Scope Management MS Office / Project Change Management   Stakeholder Communication Project Documentation Problem Resolution Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Launch Project Manager General Motors - Lordstown, OH 2013 to 2019 Flawless execution of the IT Global Launch Process to ensure that all IT systems and infrastructure are in place to support vehicle launches. Provided weekly updates to executives. Revised IGLP to eliminate legacy tasks resulting in 20% increase in efficiency of delivering key milestones.    • Ongoing launches at the Parma Stamping facility in Parma, OH. Partnered with controls engineers to facilitate updates to the Production Monitoring and Controls system which included all new robots and equipment.    • 2020 Corvette launch at Bowling Green, KY assembly plant. New skillet system added in Trim shop. Conveyors in General Assembly were deconstructed and re-arranged during a 13 week  downtime period. All IT systems were reconfigured along with relocating a telecommunications cabinet. Completed with no downtime related to IT.    • Greenfield construction of state of the art Paint Shop at Bowling Green, KY assembly complex.  Installed fiber backbone for network, 250+ new end devices including PC's, IPTV's, IP phones, printers and Andon boards. Deployed two new paint specific applications and resolved system gaps due to this paint shop painting individual panels rather than complete vehicles.    • Partnership with Navistar International to paint and assemble cutaway vans at the Navistar facility in Springfield, OH. Deployed critical GM applications within the Navistar four walls requiring unique solutions to allow GM systems to interface with Navistar systems along with firewall rules. Vans produced at Navistar resulted in additional $12M profit per year while allowing an additional 20-30K profitable mid-size trucks to be produced at the Wentzville, MO plant.    • Second generation of the Chevrolet Cruze at the Lordstown, OH assembly plant. Including construction of a new Trim Shop and new Body Shop cells. Resolved unique challenges associat with building both models con-currently through the old and new shops. Information Analyst / Project Manager Hewlett Packard - Lordstown, OH 2008 to 2013 • Global Deployment Manager for Paint Shop Performance Improvement (PSPI) application. Managed global resources to successfully deploy a Cimplicity based application at 16 General Motors facilities. Required in-depth requirement gathering and gap analyses which ensured success along with challenges related to time zones and language barriers. End result was an increase in FTQ (first time quality) by identifying key process and environmental variables resulting in over $100K savings per year at each location.    • IT Launch Project Manager for the first generation Chevrolet Cruze. Reconfigured all IT systems to accommodate the switch from the Cobalt to the Cruze at the facility including a new Body Shop. Established a new process which performed trace data validation for key vehicle components (airbags, control modules, etc) that may be needed in the event of a recall. This process is now being used at all GM facilities. Systems Engineer / Team Leader Electronic Data Systems - Lordstown, OH 1995 to 2008 • People manager for an 8 person application support team.    • Member of the Application Center of Excellence (ACE) teams that provided application development and support for all North American GM plants for a material replenishment system and an error proofing system.    • System Implementation Lead for an Oracle based system used by General Motors stamping facilities. Completed deployment at five U.S. locations.    • Y2K Project Coordinator - led all system testing and hardware upgrades that resulted in no interruption of service. This included rolling system dates to post Y2K and having the plant run a shift of vehicle production to validate.    • Disaster Recovery Coordinator - developed and tested a comprehensive site Disaster Recovery Plan and worked with individual application owners to ensure that an Application Disaster Recovery Plan (ADRP) was created and executed annually to safeguard company assets.    • Application support - provided end user support and minor enhancements to applications supporting Material, Quality, Error Proofing, Payroll and Scheduling. DBA support for Oracle and MS SQL. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Business Administration Management Information Systems Youngstown State University - Youngstown, OH Skills Estimating, Scheduling, Microsoft Office / Project (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/brad-todora