Job Seeker Fitchburg, WI Work Experience Department of Defense April 2016 to Present Project description: Oversaw discovery and transition of service desk solutions and management with a focus on developing SLA and performance metrics. Established a high-performing service desk and supported enterprise transition of multiple Army projects in order to consolidate and grow from a help-desk mentality to an all-encompassing service desk. Worked to introduce new responsibilities, such as situation management, change requests, and monitoring capabilities, to service desk. Oversaw integration of new technologies and monitoring tools so service desk could serve in NOC/SOC role with Splunk and SAP data monitoring. Served in building manager role responsible for all tenant activities on base for security and safety. Operations Manager / IT Project Manager IBM - Chambersburg, PA April 2013 to Present • Managed multiple government service desks, including classified projects, and transitioned many service desk projects for ongoing business growth.  • Instituted metrics to accurately report SLA and agent performance; leveraged analytics to help grow projects and make them successful.  • Implemented ITIL processes through best practices and consolidation of resources. Project Manager November 2015 to April 2016 for several classified analytics projects. Forecasted hours and budgets. Balanced end-of-month records and approved timecards. Led weekly status meetings and laid groundwork for new projects when contracts were awarded. IBM February 2015 to March 2016 Project description: Led the program management application service desk for IBM Federal. Supported start-up and deployment of all Service Desk activities. Veterans Affairs (VA) December 2014 to March 2016 Project description: Supported transition of new VA service desk to Rocket Center for their HR software implementation.    Assignments & Projects ) Project Lead for USAID US Agency of International Development (USAID) July 2014 to March 2016 project after a restructure with responsibility for call arrival and scheduling for 20+ agents performing multiple tier 1 and 2 support and services. IBM July 2013 to March 2016 Project description: Established a small service desk in IBM with growth potential and utilized existing technology and employees to build it in an enterprise service desk environment following ITIL guidelines. Due to low volume, built and maintained a ticket system in MS Excel. General Services Agency (GSA) April 2013 to March 2016 Project description: Helped integrate enterprise service desk solutions to establish a GSA service desk at Rocket Center with tier 1 and 2 solutions for TPI, OMS, and SAM. Utilized different telephony and ticket systems to integrate all projects together as an IBM enterprise desk following ITIL guidelines. USDA Forest Service March 2011 to November 2015 Project description: Helped develop a tier 1 help desk from the ground up that supported applications used by firefighters across the country. Used ITIL methodology to implement and grow service desk to operate under 9-1-1 SLA. Developed and updated training curriculum as support grew and new agents were rapidly added to the desk. This supported both USDA employees as well as public users looking to respond to USAJOBS posts for firefighting materials. Customer Help Desk USDA Forest Service December 2008 to November 2015 Project description: Promoted to trainer after working as an agent on a customer help desk. Supported development of client changes, helped increase first call resolution, reduced tier 2 feedback, and developed a product using ITIL guidelines for the client. Helped manage the two vendors and over 150 agents supporting the project. IBM February 2015 to October 2015 Project description: Contributed to migration and transition of a mail delivery analytic helpdesk to ABL. US Department of Agriculture (USDA) September 2012 to April 2015 Project description: Supported discovery and training to develop a new service desk for the USDA using ITIL framework. Developed all new training material and knowledge documents to make the launch a success. Added new service desk to existing desks supported under the contract to balance workload. Supported a large end-user base including those receiving and accepting SNAP benefits from the government.    USDA: ITS Service Desk (09/2012 - 04/2015, 32 months)  Project description: Executed an ITIL service desk from discovery to implementation, including taking into consideration all client concerns and developing a structure to resolve and meet service levels. This incorporated internal employees across five USDA agencies. Contract company working for IBM TECHNISOURCE - Boulder, CO December 2008 to April 2013 Lead Trainer / Contract Supervisor  • Held roles of increasing responsibility, starting as a tier 1 tech support agent and taking on training and supervisory assignments managing up to 20 employees before transitioning to position at IBM.  • Recognized as top performer by supervisors and executives based on performance reviews and awards.  • Served as an integral trainer for helpdesks and led discovery and implementation for desks acquired for the USDA; traveled as needed to start up a sister site in ABL.    Assignments & Projects Education Bachelor of Arts in Sociology, Criminology, and Computer Science UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO BOULDER - Boulder, CO Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-dodd-76489049