Project Leader <span class="hl">Project</span> Leader Project Leader - NCS Technologies, Inc Township of South Abington, PA Work Experience Project Leader NCS Technologies, Inc 2017 to Present MetLife Call Center Applications: Project Lead successfully managing dozens of project simultaneously from Intake to Deploy; Managed Voice of the Customer (Surveys), IVR and Legacy application projects following Project Management Standards; Managed Web Based, Vendor, Client Server and Database Application Projects for all Insurance Lines of Business; Managed Project/Program Budgets; Extensive knowledge of MS Product Suite including MS Project. Experience with Clarity, Sharepoint, PeopleSoft, Workfront; Managed on and offshore resources along with Domestic and International Projects. Business Project Leader UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE 2016 to Present IT Lead on an Oracle Endeca Search project to replace Google Search on the eCommerce Application;  Built new team to develop and support the initiative; Working closely with Program Manager along with on and offsite resources; IT Manager on the new Oracle Web Center Control (DAM) initiative; Resource  and application management for Service Oriented Applications, Web Applications, Mobile Applications, API Applications; Participated in Vendor Reviews; Manage tight budgets; Administrative Management &  Project Management. Business Systems Manager W.W. NORTON PUBLISHERS - New York, NY 2014 to 2015 Successfully managed over 20 Business System applications and developers in multiple locations;  Responsible for replacement of major Business Systems including, Great Plains, Royalty, Reporting and CRM; Vetted numerous Vendor solutions and was the lead on selection of Vendor software for each of  the application areas; Extensive Project Management experience for major projects including migration  of the UK Web Site, Digital Asset Management System implementation and ONIX 3.0 Upgrade;  Responsible for Developer, Business Analyst and Project Manager development plans and guidance;  Experience with Salesforce, MS Dynamics, Great Plains, ONIX, REAL/Alliant Royalty application, Digital  Asset Management, Title Management, Helpdesk Support. Business Analyst - Contractor VAXSERVE - Moosic, PA 2014 to 2014 to 2014  VaxServe is a Sanofi Pasteur Company supporting multiple provider websites for vaccine and medical  product ordering along with support for the vaccine distribution process. Responsible for analysis, design and requirements for new programs and upgrades to Information Systems. Training and  experience in SAP, and Business Analysis Documentation and procedures. Knowledge required of Information Systems, Manufacturing and Distribution processes, and Business procedures. Customer Care Associate XEROX - Moosic, PA 2014 to 2014 to 2014  Responsible for providing superior customer support to Medical Providers (Facilities, Professional  Offices, DME vendors, Pharmacies, Clearinghouses) validating insurance benefits for various  procedures and diagnoses and also researching claims; Provide troubleshooting solutions; Extensive  Healthcare knowledge required IT Director METLIFE - Clarks Summit, PA 2007 to 2012 IT Director MetLife 2007 to 2012 2007 to 2012  Responsible for the P&C Policy Administration applications leading multiple managers, code developers and vendor resources; Lead performance management for the Project Managers and provided support and guidance for the Managers and their associates; Ultimate responsibility for all business initiatives and problem resolution impacting the legacy Policy Admin applications; Successfully built the first  Production Management Application within IT using internal and offshore resources; Supervision of Problem Management process including extensive analysis of problem resolution trends, close interaction with IT management and vendor resources, and monthly report outs to management and the business. Successfully lead the migration of the Business, Production Management and IT to a new complex Intake System (Remedy) months prior to the target date. Management of hundreds of Offshore and Onshore vendor resources for IT. IT Project Manager MetLife 1997 to 2007 IT/ Project Manager for Auto & Home Insurance Applications including both people and application management; Performed all aspects of Performance Management; Lead the day-to-day activities of a large, critical Insurance application utilizing numerous company resources along with a team of on and off shore resources.Responsible for the successful implementation of all business initiatives that impacted the applications  utilizing MS Project & Change Management taking into account scope, time, risk, quality while keeping all stakeholders apprised of project status. Business Analysis for complex projects, developing requirements for initiatives impacting the applications. Managed the first offshoring IT insuranceapplication introducing the use of on and offshore resources to support application development IT Project Lead MetLife 1991 to 1997 Primarily responsible for assigning projects and problems to junior team members providing guidance and support when needed; Responsible for Business Analysis, Requirements, Coding, Testing and Implementation of the more critical and complex business initiatives Sr Systems Analyst AUTOMATED FINANCIAL SYSTEMS - Exton, PA 1986 to 1990 Responsible for IT support for automated consumer loan applications for numerous banks across the country including Bank of Alaska, FNCB, Bank of America. First point of contact for problem support  along with development of any unique requirements needed by the banks. Responsible for Analysis, Requirements, Coding, Testing and Implementation of all software updates. Responsible for Bank  employee training in new software updates and training of newly acquired clients. Programmer/Sr. Systems Analyst METLIFE - Clarks Summit, PA 1979 to 1986 Responsible for Analysis, Coding, Testing and Implementation of various Business Initiatives within a team environment. Translated Business requirements in order to develop application code. Created  Project Plans and comprehensive testing plans. Provided guidance and training.of the team. Education Associate in Computer Science Penn State University Skills MS project (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), ITIL (5 years), MS OFFICE (10+ years), Vendor management (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), Clarity (3 years), Sharepoint (10+ years), PeopleSoft (10+ years), Web Project Management (10+ years), Financial Applications (4 years), Insurance Applications (10+ years), Manufacturing Applications (2 years), Call Center Applications (3 years), Offshoring (10+ years), MS Power Point Presentations (10+ years), Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance, Scheduling