Director of Information Technology Director of Information Technology Director of Information Technology - CHILDREN'S HOME SOCIETY Bainbridge Island, WA Accomplished IT executive with a proven ability to strategically develop and implement technical teams that  support business and financial objectives. Drives initiatives to reorganize and establish policies and procedures for  enterprise-wide operational and solution teams in order to created greater efficiencies and lower costs. Respected  leader, able to develop highly motivated management teams focused on achieving technical operational goals. Stays  current on all IT technology changes in the industry through continued professional development and consistent  attendance at industry events. Actively partners with the business leadership to discover and strategically align to  the best available technology solutions to service the business's needs. Work Experience Director of Information Technology CHILDREN'S HOME SOCIETY - Seattle, WA December 2016 to Present Managed IT Service Vendors, overseeing operations include IT Service Desk, Lan/Wan, Server Administration and Unified  Communications for the organization. Serves as IT Security Officer in addition to setting long term Strategy and Roadmap for organization's information technology infrastructure and digital transformation.    Systems upgraded and implemented during the last two plus years include:    • Renegotiation of cellular contract with cellular support vendor allowed for 50% operational reduction of cost and lowered hardware costs.  • Reduction of number of applications in portfolio by retirement and consolidation of programs for business units, reduction of enterprise complexity  • Implemented 3rd party security audit of organization's systems, acted on security findings, reduced organizational risk  and elevated security levels.  • Enterprise wide Conferencing Smart Room Systems functioning on Skype for Business platform. ROI of 1.5 years, improved organizational communications and reduction of ongoing  • Restructure of IT network, implementation of Cisco/Meraki switches, routers, second generation firewalls and WAPS, retirement of MPLS circuits, implementation of SD-Wan and redundant internet circuits to improve  bandwidth and elevate business continuity. ROI of 2.1 years and a reduction of operational costs by 48% on an annual  basis.  • Implemented Radius Server to secure wireless network and allow for ease of use for the organizational stall.  • Split wireless network into corporate secured and public guest wireless meeting urgent business request.  • Executed new SIEM Solution and 3rd party Patching solution for non Microsoft applications.  • Implemented new VPN solution by levering existing technology improving remote business operations and strengthening business continuity.  • Architected a Digital Transformation implementing a standardized demographic database for client data, including a number of vendor SaaS solutions to pull all relevant organizational into a datalake where the organization's BI  solution can begin to develop outcome reporting for their social programs.  • Deploying a new VoIP solution that will tie into existing infrastructure and provide Unified Communications for the organization.  • Executed on PC Refresh to respond to aging equipment and end of support for Windows 7 January of 2020. Director of Enterprise Solutions BUREAU OF TECHNOLOGY - Chicago, IL November 2014 to March 2016 Staff of 41  Budget Managed: capital 9.5 Million, Op Ex 14.3 Million, Fixed Op Ex 11.2 Million  Manage and provide leadership to the county's IT Service Desk, System Management Engineer, Server Engineer and Mid- range teams. Engage, Maintain Relationships and coordinate major initiatives with Senior Business leadership including CFO,  CIO, and County President's Office.    • Drive technology Strategy and solutions into the enterprise that meets business and technology needs of the county.  Created 5 year roadmap for Enterprise Solutions Systems to upgrade and lay the strategic foundation to lift critical  systems where the ROI and TCO into cloud or off site tier IV datacenters where county systems and data are  maintained in a redundant and secure locations.  • Manage Multimillion dollar Op Ex, CAP/Ex Budgets, plan and forecast for future year's budgets aligning them with initiatives and roadmaps.  • Administer 18 countywide master IT contracts, create and post new RFP's to replace expiring contracts to maintain  services.  • Designed and Delivered an Office 365 Exchange Solution to 16,700 county personnel laying a standardized email  platform in place with integrated calendars and global address system.  • Currently implementing EMS into Office 365 OneDrive to migrate end-user home drives into the cloud, lowering  backup and internal storage needs, lowering capital and operational costs for on premise systems.  • Created and Implemented Countywide Desktop standards and hardware refresh cycles.  • Facilitated the County's AS400 systems outsourcing to an outside vendor who now host it in a Tier IV datacenter on newer equipment and personnel with necessary skill sets.  • Restructured County's Helpdesk, created new positions and implemented processes and procedures to drive  efficiencies and improve services with resources available.  • Implemented Bomgar Remoting tool into the environment to improve tier I and Tier II support levels and restructure  support model.  • Wrote Sole Source Contract for Microsoft Premier Support for 3 year period, locking in current year rates.  • Decommissioned and Virtualized 21 servers and refreshed one primary SAN that reached well past end of life  support.  • Drove the conversion of approximately 45% of the Active Directory shares from legacy file system to ABE file  structure, this is an ongoing project to simplify and restructure legacy unstructured data with fewer group policies and lower administration demands.  • Implemented Windows 8.1 as secondary device OS in order to meet business needs to use Windows Surface Pro 3's  as primary user devices for mobile applications and a mobile business model. Project Manager RANDSTAD STAFFING AGENCY - Chicago, IL August 2014 to November 2014 Windows 7 Migration, CNA Insurance  Provided project management to migrate organization from Microsoft Windows XP to Windows 7, create project documents and coordinated with business groups to UAT applications on Windows 7 prior to migration. Technology Liaison to Mesirow Financial TALUTION GROUP - Chicago, IL January 2014 to July 2014 Manage the relationship between the Business and IT, discover and understand their technology needs in the short and long  term, strategically align those with IT and then find technical solutions to support those needs throughout the enterprise.  • Escalate and help resolve technical incidents impacting business functions by coordinating IT resources and communicating with the business unit until resolution.  • Serve as a resource to the business on IT policy, procedures, and project statuses. Identify, plan, drive and implement  technology solutions through coordination with IT resources that provide the best tools for the business and help  present a service-oriented IT organization to the business.  • Provide expertise and conduct research for new technical solutions that are emerging in the industry, leveraging those  solutions to provide a long term technical strategy and standards that allow the organization to be flexible and have the necessary tools to be efficient and profitable. IT Infrastructure Manager U.S. CELLULAR - Chicago, IL April 2010 to July 2013 Staff of 22  Budget Managed: Capital 5 Million, OpEx 4.4 Million  Manage and provide leadership to leaders and direct reports for tier II desktop EUS teams that support the Midwest region which consists of 150+ retail locations, a call center, corporate headquarters, and engineering location and IS Business Offices.  Oversee end user projects and operations for break/fix support, PC refresh, and MAC (moves, ads and changes) for desktops and peripherals.  • Manage division Cap Ex/Op Ex budget of over $6 million, forecasting and planning for hardware and resource needs.  • Reviewer and Approver of IS Equipment purchases in SAP System, maintaining refresh and standards of IT  equipment being purchased and deployed into the enterprise.  • Strategically restructured Midwest End User Services Team leveraging resources to better support business growth.  • Adjusted operational resources to provide added support strategic initiatives such as Windows 7 deployment, retail  expansion, and business initiatives in multiple locations and divisions.  • Actively drove development of EUS Portal SharePoint site, creating a framework for improved collaboration and communication among regionally diverse enterprise team and provide a common place for standardization of  processes, policies, and procedures; created a governance board to maintain the structure and the standards within the portal.  • Improved executive support by putting personnel backups in place to delivered higher service levels to corporation's  C-suite executives.  • Facilitated Tier 1.5 Support Initiative by partnering with Service Management and IS Support Center help desk, resulting in service efficiencies, increases in 1st call resolution, improved collaboration between tier 1 and tier 2 EUS  teams and cutting costs by driving lower end technical work to Tier 1 support staff. Savings were realized when Tier  2 technicians were available for project work reducing the need for staff augmentation while developing and keeping  skillsets in house.  • Developed and mentored 5 direct reports' leadership skills through coaching and stretch assignments, enabling them  to move into higher level positions within the organization.  • Defined and initiated a PC naming standard for the enterprise, prior to that time no real standard existed and machines were named differently in the different regions, this lack of a standard impacted the enterprises IT tools and  limited their functionality.  • Facilitated and drove the development of multiple EUS Standards including Retail Store Business Turnover Process  and Checklist, Call Center End User Move MOP, End User Services Technician On-boarding Procedure and other  standards and processes. Manager End User Computing - Chicago, IL July 2005 to April 2010 Staff of 24  Budget Managed: Capital 3.5 Million, OpEx 2.5 Million  Managed and lead Tier 2 desktop support teams that supported 11,700 State employees at 151 locations, reporting team  consisting of 2 supervisors and 22 End User Computing technicians. Responsible for project management and daily operations for break/fix support, PC refresh, and MAC (moves, adds and changes) for desktops and peripherals.  • Strategically realigned and defined new Tier 2 desktop support teams consisting of newly transferred staff from 11 consolidating  agencies  • Developed and facilitated the creation of a professional training curriculum for End User Computing Group enabling their    technical education, defined career paths and stabilizing desktop support group. STATE OF ILLINOIS - Chicago, IL 1999 to 2010 BUREAU OF COMMUNICATIONS AND COMPUTER SYSTEMS Executive End User Computing July 2006 to June 2007 July1, 2006 - June 30, 2007  Staff of 120  Budget Managed: Capital of 12.2 Million, OpEx 9.5 Million  Responsible for policy, short and long term strategy, master contracts for desktops, laptops, printers and other peripherals.  Provided overall leadership to 7 leaders that lead IT tier II desktop support for 41,000 state personnel at over 400 locations.  • Redefined PC Standards and Software standards of desktop equipment being deployed into the enterprise by putting additional  controls into ERP System allowing only standard equipment and software to be purchased by the 11 consolidated agencies allowing the State to leverage the buying power with a limited number of vendors. This improved efficiencies on the backside by allowing  for fewer computer OS images and a lower number of applications to support.  • Strategically restructured six Tier 2 desktop support teams and created client solutions team, combination of teams consisting of 113  technicians and 7 team leaders; structure is still in use today  • Instituted cross training of technicians between supported agencies to gain team flexibility and support knowledge base; scheduled  weekly planning meetings to create team culture and drive operational consistency between teams  • Collaborated with executive management to develop new desktop support policies and procedures within the newly reorganized  State IT infrastructure around the ITIL frameworks to provide consistent service and IT infrastructure  • Collaborated and worked with the CIOs of 11 consolidated agencies to develop conversion plan for each agency's legacy IT  Infrastructure, in order to move desktops to a standardized desktop and OS image.  • Provided the strategic planning to standardize the consolidated agencies' desktop/laptop hardware configurations to maximize their  buying power.  • Created professional training curriculum for End User Computing Group enabling their continued technical education and defined  career paths and stabilizing desktop support group. IT Manager/Network Administrator ILLINOIS DEPARTMENT OF REVENUE July 2004 to June 2005 Staff of 5  No Budget oversite.  Led staff, administered the Novell servers, Microsoft Servers, network switches, and routers within region  • Supervised IT desktop support technicians and IT infrastructure for 5 locations and 560 users  • Hands-on administration and managed upgrade of region's servers and network infrastructure EDP Manager - IT Manager ILLINOIS LIQUOR CONTROL COMMISSION April 1999 to June 2004 No Staff  Budget Managed: Capital $450K, OpEx $100K  Managed and administered Commission's servers, network, desktops, peripherals, and databases.  • Restructured the agency's IT infrastructure by upgrading and adding additional redundant servers, circuits and mirrored databases  in Chicago and Springfield to improve uptime and prevent outages.  • Created a set of procedures and policies that set an upgrade schedule for desktops/ laptops to be on a 3 year rotation plan and servers on a 5 year rotation  • Designed and executed Agency IT Disaster Recovery Plans and upgrades, including a yearly test to verify functionality. Education Masters of Science in Communication in Communication Systems Strategy and Management Northwestern University - Evanston, IL 2008 MBA in Core Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI Links http://linkedin.com/in/thomasfahner Certifications/Licenses Driver's License