Tenured Faculty and IT Programs Faculty Coordinator Tenured Faculty and <span class="hl">IT</span> Programs Faculty Coordinator Tenured Faculty and IT Programs Faculty Coordinator - Seattle Central College Seattle, WA Work Experience Tenured Faculty and IT Programs Faculty Coordinator Seattle Central College 2012 to Present Developed curricula and taught the following classes in different teaching modalities such as:  classroom learning, online synchronous and asynchronous learning, hybrid:    ? Foundational Programming with Python  ? Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, MySQL  ? Object Oriented Programming with Java  ? Data Structures with Java  ? Android Mobile Development with Android Studio, Java, XML  ? Introduction to Data Analytics  ? Capstone Team Projects leveraged SCRUM Agile methodology    In depth experience designing, developing, and delivering instructional materials for technical  content.    Skilled with working with diverse, underrepresented student populations, including adult    learners.    Faculty Coordinator Responsibilities:  ? Work with cross-functional teams of faculty members, deans, HR, and other college  administrators.  ? Manage the development of class schedule, including consideration of program needs, scheduling classrooms, fluctuations in enrollment, course assignments, and class  times each quarter.  ? Work with office staff to proofread the schedule and check accuracy of course  descriptions, technology requirements, and fluctuations in enrollment  ? Liaise with division faculty, staff, and administrators, as well as other departments on campus such as Testing, Admissions, Counseling, and Advising.  ? Represent the program in college and community, and spearheads activities. Technical Project Manager Varolii Corporation - Seattle, WA 2008 to 2010 Managed a team of software engineers and ensured timely delivery of software  deliverables utilizing Agile methodology.    Gathered process requirements in order to effectively determine project scope, timelines, hours, and assumptions as well as customer responsibilities and  requirements.    Built strong, long-lasting working relationships with customers, including T-Mobile, Time  Warner Cable, Bank of America, Esurance and Honeywell.    Responsible for project timelines and budget to completion within estimated scope and established production go-live dates.  Software Engineering Team Lead    Software Engineer ADP - Seattle, WA 2006 to 2008 Managed the successful delivery of web projects including the quality assurance of interactive websites, ad campaigns, content updates, online inventory features, website  redesign, web traffic reporting and analytics for 300+ consumer-facing websites    nationwide.    Led a distributed team with members in the US and India, coordinated team resources, tasks and schedules in meeting and exceeding client expectations by delivering high  quality web releases.    Successfully managed critical, time-sensitive projects from inception to operation.    Developed and implemented quality standards and metrics for tracking successful  project execution.    Generated and maintained project documentation, including technical requirements, functional specifications and level of effort estimates.    Trained team members in web design best practices. Microsoft Corporation - Redmond, WA 1997 to 2001 Managed a team of 7 software test engineers responsible for testing of the Web Data  SQL component.    Designed appropriate test plans and test cases to verify functionality.    Directed the team in identifying bugs through systematic testing.    Tracked bug trends and other testing metrics. Participated in daily bug triages.    Monitored and communicated project status to the leadership team. Education Instructional Design Seattle Central College 2018 to 2019 UC Berkeley Data 2018 MIT Graduate 2016 M.B.A. St. Martin's University - Lacey, WA 2000 B.S.C.S. St. Martin's University - Lacey, WA 1996 Skills Project Management, Agile, Agile, Project Management, training Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ava-meredith-69981a7