Software Project/Product Manager Software <span class="hl">Project</span>/Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Software Project and Product Manager Oceanside, CA Innovative, consensus driven and result oriented software project manager highly skilled in business analysis, process re-engineering and quality assurance with a proven record of delivery retail / internet solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Project/Product Manager Sentrum Marketing LLC - New York, NY April 2014 to Present • Lead development and maintenance of an e-Commerce bookstore for libraries. Store link: sentrumbookstore.com. Perform application analysis, front/back end development. Focus on product design, implementation and quality control.    • Assess competition through analysis of their services and pricing with comparisons to similar services. Support product development and market strategy through data and analysis to provide recommendations to Marketing & Sales and Management executives. Increased overall productivity and efficiency of client targeting by 30% by conducting extensive data management and technical decision making.    • Manage day-to-day application/product development, tracking and reporting progress until successfully completed. Identify, escalate and resolve project issues, problems and changes; communicate project status. Coordinate and improve business processes. Review and analyze customer feedback, usage statistics and research findings.    • Lean, Agile software development life cycle (CDLC); Bitrix24 e-Commerce, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Project Management (PM) platform. e-Commerce Stores Manager Oceanside, CA January 2008 to Present •   Run day-to day activities for two online stores on eBay.com and Amazon.com. Responsible for inventory, quality control, listings, sales, shipping and customer service. IT Product Manager Bidz.com - Los Angeles, CA August 2005 to January 2008 Bidz.com launched in 1998 and operated as an online auction marketplace leading the market for jewelry, watches and designer accessories. Bidz offered the entertaining experience of live, real-time auctions with 2 million registered users. Bidz.com was the largest B2C auction website at the time.    • Product implementation and deployment. Responsible for entire product and project life cycle, including design, implementation, testing and maintenance. Defined product strategy and roadmaps. Consistently met project deadlines. Managed cross-functional and on-shore/off-shore teams.    • Design and implementation: Agile SDLC, front/back end, SaaS, Dynamics AX, Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP) and distributed development, JIRA and Confluence.     • Company restructuring: Private to public. Successfully led company's SOX-404 compliance project. Focused on aligning IT development and services with the needs of business. Improved business and IT processes. Developed and implemented policies and procedures.    • IT and business documentation and reporting, including product and requirements specifications, use cases/user stories, business rules, application and business process analysis, test cases. Authored 300+ documents, forming the basis for company-wide knowledge database and Wiki. Set documentation standards. Education Bachelor's in Linguistics, Applied Mathematics. Skills B2B (10+ years), Product Development (10+ years), Product Management (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Linux (10+ years), B2C (10+ years), Lean (5 years), Agile (5 years), Microsoft Windows 7/8/10 (10+ years), JIRA (5 years), Bitrix24 (5 years), Microsoft Project (5 years), Confluence (5 years), Ecommerce (10+ years), ITIL (5 years), Airtable, nTask (2 years), Information Technology, SDLC, Software Development, PM, Project Management, Waterfall Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/hvoabgzmotvq2atx CRM Skills with Salesforce — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jjdtqhsjjjwk0ywd Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Languages: English, Russian.