Senior Project Manager/Contractor Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Contractor Senior Project Manager/Contractor Delray Beach, FL Work Experience Senior Project Manager/Contractor Salish & Kootenai Tribal Committee - Pablo, MT June 2018 to June 2019 • Devised and planned the application migration strategy to transition applications from 17 single site locations into a virtual vmware environment in a new data center facility.  • Managed the P2P and P2V application migration as well as enterprise data migration strategy.  • Implemented new network infrastructure and LAN/WAN design for new facility.  • Responsible for stage environment buildout and dev ops lab rollout.  • Established, documented and implemented an enterprise business continuity plan for all production environments, stage/dev labs and data center operations to support internal SLA's.  • Implemented IAM/IDM components and Security Criteria utilizing the ServiceNow software suite. Senior Project Manager/Strategy Consultant NCH Healthcare via The Holland Square Group - Naples, FL February 2018 to May 2018 • Responsible for the planning, buildout and transition of two new datacenters in Tampa and Atlanta.  • Devised and planned the application migration strategy to move all applications from a third party vendor that was currently hosting and supporting all operational applications.  • Responsible for the P2P and P2V application migration strategy and business alignment.  • Responsible for the structure and buildout of a new IT support organization and the rollout of the ServiceNow tool across the enterprise.  • Managed the rollout and customization of IAM/IDM components for ServiceNow enterprise for I.T. Operation and Line of Business Organizations.  • Established, implemented and documented an enterprise business continuity plan for all their healthcare systems and facility offices. Senior Project Manager/Contractor S&K Confederated - Pablo, MT July 2015 to January 2018 • Managed the Data Center relocation and infrastructure consolidation initiative into multi-site Colocation facilities. This included the strategic transition planning of business and system requirements, server decommissioning, new server infrastructure buildout, system monitoring, network architecture design, data storage, storage capacity planning and retention, SLA and Security Policy re-engineering for proposed server technology.  • Strategically managed the Virtualization and Cloud Transition Program from Stand Alone and Mainframe Platforms to a Midrange Virtual Platform utilizing VMWare (P2P,P2V,V2C). Responsible for implementing Enterprise System Level monitoring at the network, hardware, OS and data restore layers at multiple sites. Responsible for infrastructure and data storage sizing, capacity planning and risk mitigation.  • Responsible for application mapping and migration, new security standards as well as instituting new IAM measures and implementation across the enterprise.  • Planned and instituted new Business Continuity Plan and Operating Parameters for new colocation facilities in conjunction with re-engineered support and escalation procedures for internal and remote support. Senior Project Manager/Contractor Wellspring Group - Charlotte, NC February 2015 to July 2015 • Managed the infrastructure consolidation and relocation initiative of multi-site Data Center and Colocation facilities. This included the strategic transition planning of business and system requirements, server decommissioning, new server infrastructure buildout, system monitoring, network architecture design, data storage, storage capacity planning and retention, SLA and Security Policy re-engineering for proposed server technology.  • Strategically managed the Virtualization and Cloud Transition Program from Stand Alone and Mainframe Platforms to a Midrange Virtual Platform utilizing VMWare (P2P,P2V). Responsible for implementing Enterprise System Level monitoring at the network, hardware, OS and data restore layers at multiple sites. Responsible for infrastructure and data storage sizing, capacity planning and risk mitigation.  • Responsible for application mapping and migration, new security standards as well as instituting new IAM measures and implementation across the enterprise.  • Responsible for project related vendor management, configuration management, system transition support, risk management and business continuity services. Senior Project Manager/Contractor Fannie Mae - Boca Raton, FL July 2014 to December 2014 • Responsible for the Phase planning, transition and buildout of new production server architecture, storage capacity, network/system monitoring and the migration of core business applications within a IBM colocation data center facility.  • Planned and managed system data base conversion and migrations, enterprise monitoring configurations and access & identity management setup.  • Strategically managed the virtualization transition from Stand Alone Platforms to a Midrange Virtual Platform utilizing VMWare. Responsible for implementing Enterprise System Level monitoring at the network, hardware, OS and data restore areas utilizing IBM Tivoli technology at multiple sites. Senior Project Manager/Contractor Telmex/Triara - Monterrey, MX July 2013 to July 2014 • Managed the infrastructure consolidation and relocation initiative of mult-site Data Center and Colocation facilities. This included the strategic transition planning of business and system requirements, server decommissioning, new server infrastructure buildout, telecom implementation, network architecture design, data storage and retention, SLA and Security Policy re-engineering for proposed server technology.  • Strategically managed the Virtualization Transition Program from Stand Alone and Mainframe Platforms to a Midrange Virtual Platform utilizing VMWare (P2P, P2V). Responsible for implementing Enterprise System Level monitoring (Tivoli) at the network, hardware, OS and data restore layers at multiple sites.  • Responsible for project related vendor management, configuration management, system transition support, storage capacity planning and business continuity services. Senior Project Manager/I.T. Strategy Consultant Sernda Labs, Inc - Ronan, MT November 2008 to July 2013 • Responsible for managing the deployment and implementation phase of a large scale Data Center Consolidation and System Virtualization for field projects/programs of varying complexity. The business entities involved were the Salish & Kootenai Tribal Community Health Systems, Law Enforcement, Dept. of Natural Resources, Tribal Government Agencies (multiple locations) and S&K Bancorp/Eagle Bank.  • Responsible for comprehensive planning of system infrastructure deployment, data base transitioning, telecom, data center facilities consolidation and tasks within scope.  • Assign resource assignments along with hiring in a multi-cultural ethnicity.  • Monitor/track/report progress against multiple project plans.  • Lead dedicated and non-dedicated resources to accomplish project fielding/deployment phases.  • Interacts with Internal/External Senior Management Client side and Organization Side.  • Ensures that adequate and appropriate planning is provided for remote hardware and communications facilities to develop and implement methodologies for analysis, installation and support of distributed processing client/server systems.  • Performs IT material management, including install planning, provisioning requirements determination, acquisition, distribution, accountability, and issue for consumption, retention or disposal.  • Strong knowledge base of SEI CMM/CMMI and ITIL methodologies.  • Organization and direction of onsite surveys for system fielding/deployments  • Analysis and implementation of Security Policies and Access/Identity Management Regulations.  • Responsible for System Rollout Sign Off and Operation turn over. Senior Project Manager IBM - Boca Raton, FL May 2006 to November 2008 • Responsible for the planning, development and implementation of Production Architecture, the transition and development of Core Client Business Applications and two Data Center relocations. This included business requirements, system architecture design, system security, access/identity management and Business Rollout Strategy.  • The project teams are 95% virtual comprised of resources located across the world; including US, India and South America. One of the challenges of this engagement was the extensive coordination and communication within language diverse teams and a 24x7 work week.  • Managed implementation of the Disaster Recovery Program including high availability failover capabilities limited to zero downtime and 100% data integrity. Implemented all data retention and migration strategies as well as implementation of enterprise system monitoring and agent configurations. Managed and fulfilled compliance initiatives for operating within the guidelines of Sarbanes Oxley and PCI DSS Compliance standards.  • Strategically managed the Virtualization Transition from Stand Alone and Mainframe Platforms to Midrange Virtual Platform utilizing VMWare. Responsible for implementing Enterprise System Level monitoring at the network, hardware, OS and data restore areas utilizing IBM Tivoli technology at multiple sites. Senior Project Manager/Director of IT iBill/Intercept Payment Solutions - Deerfield Beach, FL January 2002 to April 2006 • Reported directly to the CEO and is responsible for the re-engineering of daily operations of the 24/7 Production Data Center, Network Operations, Application Development and all internal Corporate Technology. Responsibilities included the management and direction of Production Support, Network Management, Database Management, Infrastructure Support, Desktop Support, System Architecture & Design and Software Quality Assurance.  • Developed and implemented the internal processes and standards that supports and manages the enterprise operation. These duties included the design and deployment of a highly redundant and secure network architecture, standardized NT 2000 operating configurations, enterprise level backup and recovery, as well as the client rollout methodology.  • Planned and managed the Data Center Relocation to new site facility including the design, facility footprint and recovery objectives. The migration initiative consisted of 192 production servers and 64 desktop user seats in Corporate Technology. This was a zero downtime project supporting real-time financial transactions.  • Instrumental in the development and implementation of PCI DSS Compliance Program. Initiated the development of enterprise system level monitoring at the network, hardware, OS and data restore areas utilizing NetIQ technology. Developed and implemented the system monitoring criteria for client transaction functionality and validation. Principal Consultant PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Atlanta, GA January 1999 to December 2001 Project Manager/Lead  Project Lead: MSF Ventures Technical Infrastructure Build & Data Center Consolidation  • Responsible for the planning, initialization and implementation of the technical infrastructure, platform application rollout and the postproduction support initiative for a 20MM Internet financial portal project within the Latin American Banking Industry.  • Consolidated the current infrastructure with the newly architected environment in the BellSouth e-center. This consisted of the consolidation of two data centers, 162 servers, backup and recovery systems as well as Network Center Operations.  • Developed pre- production support processes in the areas of system management, business continuity, change management and code migration for client.  • Devised and implemented an enterprise business continuity plan for infrastructure operations and application development groups within project parameters, including data backups, storage and system recovery procedures.    Project Lead: Barnes & Noble Data Center Consolidation & Relocation  • Developed the Data Center relocation and systems migration strategy as well as corresponding contingency plan encompassing location, facilities, hardware & network requirements and data migration strategy.  • Assessed and developed a 10-person technical team for project initialization and all phases of relocation and data migration execution.  • Devised and initiated the Project Proposal with corresponding Service Level Agreements, Performance Metrics, Vendor Agreements and future Capacity Planning  • Transitioned two Data Centers to a centralized location in New York and re-architected the NT environment into a Unix based platform. Managed the relocation of the new environment consisting of 80 servers to an outsourced hosting facility in Virginia.  • Successfully relocated enterprise technical infrastructure from New York to Reston, VA with zero impact to business operation. Senior Project Manager/ Director of Business Continuity & Operations Security First Technologies - Atlanta, GA 1997 to 1999 Development and Implementation of Business Continuity Program  • Developed all Disaster Recovery Plans and functional teams, this included all phases of the Disaster Recovery Life Cycle, Normal Operations, Emergency Response, Interim Processing and Restoration.  • Planned and implemented the Advanced Recovery Solution utilizing EMC's SRDF technology (systems, network and telecommunications,) for Data Center site recovery. Plans encompass a zero fail-over solution in a multi-tier client/server environment.  • Initiated focused team approach to disaster recovery training and change management for Security First Technologies as well as their bank customers.  Project Manager for Citibank Migration to New Data Center Facility  • Planned and managed the migration of Security First Technologies premier customer, Citibank, to a new Data Center location. This included the development of relocation Service Level Agreements, relocation project plan and joint staffing with client, customer interface to Citibank senior management and development of an advanced recovery solution and migration technology with Comdisco.  • Responsible for the development and implementation of the Business Continuity Program for Citibank migration and full Contingency Plan while residing in the S1 Data Center.  • Strategically planned and implemented the change management process for the Citibank Business Continuity segment in the S1 Data Center.    1994-1997Clark & Washington, P.C. Atlanta, GA  Project Lead/Operations Manager Customer Implementation Project Manager Coin Dealership Systems, Inc - Atlanta, GA 1992 to 1994 Technical Experience  Windows NT, Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows Mobile, Linux, Redhat, Suise  IBM Tivoli, VMWARE, IBM System Z Enterprise, IBM Power VM, GSMRT, Maximo, DB2, IBM System Storage solutions.  Veritas Netbackup Enterprise Data Center Edition  Unix, Solaris 7,8,9i, HP-UX, AIX  Solaris System Administration 1& 2  TCP IP, ATM, Frame Relay  Micromuse Netcool/Concorde Reporting, Virtual Sessioning, HP Openview  EMC SRDF Technology  Visual Source Save & PVCS Change Management  Microsoft Project, Primavera P3, PMOffice Enterprise, Manta Project Executive  SAP, PeopleSoft, JDEdwards, Ariba E- Procurement  WAFS, (Wide Area File Systems) Riverbed  PCI Data Security Standards and Compliance  VMware, VSphere, Vmotion, Vmotion/Storeage, Platespin  I.T. Security Compliance (SOX, PCI, IAM, SIEM) ITIL  Cloud Technology and Transitioning and Migration Additional Information Polished professional with over 22 years of active I.T. Project Management and Big 4 Consulting experience with the proven ability to strategically manage, influence and secure enterprise project initiatives and solutions. Possesses strong leadership and delivery skills in all aspects of I.T. Project Management including Data Center Consolidation, Outsourcing, System and Software Design and Implementation, I.T. Operations Management, Process Management, Risk Planning and new Methodology Implementation. Superior communication and management skills with an enhanced ability to work in multi-cultural environments, across varying skill sets, and under rigorous timelines and budgets.