Operations Team Manager (Retail) Operations Team <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Retail) Project Manager / Operations Team Manager New Orleans, LA Keen understanding of project management in diverse organizational environments.  Dynamic project manager spearheading complex and effective projects within strict timelines and budget constraints. Highly skilled in project management, time management, and information technology. Demonstrated ability to catalyze lucrative results while managing multi-functional high performing teams. Seek to benefit a top leading organization by improving performance, return on investment, and produce quality results throughout project life cycle.  Strategy Development | IT Operations | Risk Analysis & Reports| Budgets & Resource Allocation | IT Data Center & Wireless Implementations | Conflict Resolution | Change Management | Technical Research| New Enterprise Installations & Upgrades   IT Network Analyst and Administration | Persuasive Communicator | Retail Operations Management Work Experience Operations Team Manager (Retail) Belk, Inc - Wise, VA 2018 to Present Key Revolving Projects: Weekly Sales Event Setups, Monthly Sales Goals Events, Quarterly Community Outreach/Fundraising, Weekly and Monthly Merchandise Inventory & Transfers    Responsible for the effective performance management of Merchandising, Processing, and Housekeeping leads. Managed all retail activities, including the recruitment, training, management, scheduling, and support of staff to ensure that departments achieve set sales and customer service targets. Address all performance, conflicts, and all other issues within the store in an appropriate and timely manner. Ensure all staff maintains high personal standards and projects a warm and welcoming attitude towards customers, vendors, and co-workers. Effectively communicate upcoming projects and events from regional direction meetings to all shifts and associates.  * Inspired the department leads to realize their maximum impact to customer satisfaction and buying  * Maintained and developed beneficial working relationships with other Belk managers to share ideas on how to further organizational objectives. Information Systems Project Manager Mountain States Health - Johnson City, TN 2017 to 2018 2,000 Hours)  Key Project  Project Name: Data Center & Wireless Implementation Team Size: 13 Budget: $1M+ Methods/Tools: MS Project, Siemens, ADT  Oversaw full scope of projects from plan development, projection, and completion of milestones within budget and time constraints. Enhanced project milestones for data center construction projects by consulting with electrical and mechanical contractors, performing review of designs, and amending final designation in contracted expectations. Demonstrated a strong knowledge of IT networking and construction processes by directing workflow for drilling and installation of conduit and fire suppressant equipment, installation of roof condensers, and obtaining appropriate building permits.  * Fostered relationships to bridge the communication between the electrical and mechanical teams; implemented weekly calls and project collaboration resulting in a 25% increase in performance and improved optimization.  * Reduced hours 10% by implementing efficiencies in client communication and timeline management. Sr. Information Technology Project Manager CGI Group, Incorporated - Flint, MI 2016 to 2017 2,000 Hours)  Key Project  Project Name: Advantage 360 HR & Finance System Implementation Team Size: 100+ Budget: $1M+ Methods/Tools: MS Project  Partnered with administrators and department leaders to develop strategies to deliver increased return on investment (ROI) and performance efficiencies. Liaison between global vendors and management to provide technical support and resolve maintenance issues. Modified systems to decrease risks and mitigate issues quickly to provide total resolution.  * Navigated ambiguous environments as the business technology changed and business capabilities were reduced; succeeded in delivering successful projects to organizational departments which allowed 99% of the business to continue running efficiently.  * Managed global CSI and City of Flint staff including cross-functional areas such as engineering, technology analysts, and other global IT members. Senior Information Systems Project Manager Pikeville Medical Center - Pikeville, KY 2015 to 2016 2,000 Hours)  Key Project  Project Name: Electronic Health Record (EHR) Team Size: 200+ Budget: $3M Methods/Tools: Open Vista, Cerner, MS Project  Managed partnerships with hospital administration, department leadership, and vendors across inter-disciplinary lines including ambulatory and inpatient programs. Maintained knowledge of all verticals and targeted audiences. Developed project plans for implementation, personal procurement proposals, and acquisitions. Collaborated with vendors and contractors to determine necessary resources and project tasks. Navigated highly political environments with good judgement skills and applied escalation procedures with the appropriate etiquette.    * Maintained 100% visibility and accountability on all project tasks.  * Systemized best technical research practices, HIPPA confidentiality, and security measures to allow the new application system to take over the global management of data with 0% errors. Information Systems Project Manager Lakeland Regional Health - Lakeland, FL 2015 to 2015 1,000 Hours)  Key Project  Project Name: Respiratory Blood & Gas Systemization Team Size: 50+Budget: $500,000 Methods/Tools: Lab Manager, COBOS Analyzer  Consulted program managers to resolve issues when decisions of areas of uncertainty required new technology requirements to meet healthcare guidelines and patient safety. Performed work with attention to detail and 100% availability to key contributors.  * Generated $2M in revenue as an end result of new system roll-out with an increase in 200% productivity; achieved 100% of goal in 2015, in one of most challenging district healthcare environments.  * Built custom software applications for Respiratory Therapy Department within reasonable turnaround timelines. IT Operations Project Manager Comcast - Riverview, FL 2013 to 2015 4,000 Hours)  Key Project  Project Name: U.S. Enterprise Wireless Systems Team Size: 3,000+ Budget: $300M Methods/Tools: CISCO Telepresence GUI  Itemized work processes and determined project needs, processes, due dates, budgeting, and staffing needs. Developed policies and evaluated standard operating procedures (SOP's).  * Strategized with management and contractors to coordinate team construction, electrical and mechanical engineers, and IT staff.  * Adopted post-implementation system maintenance roles, including PCI compliance, user training, hot fixes, and management of the CISCO video conferences TelePresence and Wireless systems implemented. Government IT Contractor U.S. SOCOM, Special Operations Command - Tampa, FL 2011 to 2013 Tampa, FL 2011-2013  U.S. SOCOM carries out Department of Defense assigned missions, and those actions directed by the President or Secretary of Defense, for the conduct of special military operations that include special reconnaissance, military information support, and counterinsurgency.  Government IT Contractor  Key Activities: Network & Desktop Security Compliance/Top Secret Network Enterprise  Methods/Tools: DoD applications and Top Secret Network, government regulations, security compliance methods  Utilized client interviews and surveys to obtain input for quality assurance and control work-flow processes. Articulated processes to military leadership and contractors to verify scope of project requirements and current developments.  • Opened and closed presentations with stakeholders including validations of all deliverables during project closing.  • Motivated staff by conveying business mission to encourage best performance and compliance in project goals. U.S. Central Command, MacDill, AFB - Tampa, FL 2008 to 2011 Tampa, FL 2008-2011  U.S. CENTCOM promotes cooperation among nations, responds to crisis, and deters or defeats state and non-state aggression, and supports development and reconstruction of foreign nations for regional security, stability, and prosperity.  Key Activities: Secret/Top Secret Network & ITS Systems Proprietary software implementation  Methods/Tools: MS Project, Secret Network, governmental secret program applications  Prioritized impact assessments of Secret & Top Secret and enlisted solutions to components with conflicting resources. Analyzed and researched solutions for proposals to Chief Watch Officer to initiate approval process. Recommended corrective actions for processes and procedures in IT departments. Outlined project progress reports to military leadership and contractors as appropriate.  * Supervised testing and developments for proprietary software for CENTCOM's enterprise network environment.  * Streamlined Authorized Service Interruptions (ASIs) through U.S. Central Command's area of operations.    US Military Experience Information System Analyst U.S. Army 2002 to 2008 Identified issues with IT systems, reviewed production standards, performed testing, and made recommendations for positive IT program results. Clarified studies to ensure that user requirements were defined and utilized for compliance purposes. Assisted in the design, development, documentation, and initiation of various reporting systems.  * Awarded a Certificate of Recognition for exemplary conduct, efficiency, and fidelity in active service during Operation Iraqi Freedom.  * Continued certifications and professional development in Windows Server 2008, Security and Policy Enforcement Certificate, Cisco PIX, Firewall Training, MS Exchange Server 2003 Certificate.  Education, Professional Development & Affiliations Education Master's in Masters Business Administration - Project Management Present Bachelor's in Information Technology 2012 Skills Ms project, Visio, Sharepoint, Data center installations and upgrades, Remedy, Wireless implementations and upgrades, Epiphany, Cerner, Hl7, PACS, Adobe acrobat, training, Inventory, retail sales, Cash Handling, Microsoft Office Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E5 Additional Information Technical Skills  Microsoft: Excel, Visio, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, MS Project, SharePoint, LiveMeeting, Office Communicator  Applications: Putty Desktop Remote Manager, Remedy Ticketing System, Adobe Acrobat, MS Active Directory, DHCP, SPLUNK, Spectrum Server Management software, Cisco WebEx, Cisco Jabber  Coding: Basic HTML coding  Scripting: Batch File Scripting  Healthcare System Exposure: Data Center Server and Enterprise HP Printer and Wireless System Implementations, Cerner, Siemens, ADT, HL7 and ASTM Interface Protocols, Lab Manager Blood Gas System, COBOS Analyzer, AVOX Analyzer, Epiphany Cardio Server, Clinical HR Printer Implementation, Draeger Monitoring Systems, PACS Systems,  Retail Systems: GEMS (inventory console), CICS (inventory transfer management console), Xstore POS systems, and Reflexis time management system