Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Hayward, CA Work Experience Senior Project Manager COUNTY of ALAMEDA December 2017 to August 2019 Managed all projects for the Information Technology Department (ITD), including responsibility for technology and application deployments within supported and non-supported agencies. Partnered with multiple teams to manage creative programs/ projects from start to final production and delivery. Consulted with leadership teams and reviewed project proposals to determine goals, time frame and funding limitations for accomplishing the project(s). Developed comprehensive project plans to be shared with project staff, internal leadership and the customer. Tracked project performance to analyze the successful completion of short and long-term goals within the team. Served as the key point person/liaison to distribute project communications to all IT team members and stakeholders. Mitigated project risks, engaged in contingency planning and solution recommendations to maintain a consistent process and solid workflow. Project Manager APPLE, INC September 2017 to December 2017 Support the Channel Sales Fixture Deployment team specifically focused on retail and carrier store accounts. Review fixture design kit documentation, store planning proposals and site surveys prior to deployment. Work with internal retail and carrier partners to ensure all deployment punch list items are in place and completed. Manage vendor activity while enforcing specific deliverables, guidelines and expectations for both pre-and post-fixture installations. Maintain internal database by entering key deployment information and current progress status. Present new product information (NPI) with strict guidelines to all retail account partners and carriers prior to launch dates. Track all project activities from start to finish while providing first line support for all NPI deployments and reporting any discrepancies Project Manager GAP INC August 2015 to August 2017 Team Lead within Global Store Technologies for all current POS/MPOS hardware device deployments. Successfully managed multiple overlapping deployments and roll outs by implementing repeatable strategy processes used across the project team. Monitor the day to day deployment activities for all store operation requests (Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, Athleta, Outlet) to ensure timely and completed project results. Coordinate with Brand Operations and key business partners to obtain forecasting and specific requirements in preparation of future deployments. Involved in the technical direction and procurement of new MPOS devices. Created and maintained an accurate recorded master schedule within a SharePoint location to report all current progress, project status and escalations to provide the needed visibility for leadership. Generated operation updates for project waves and New Store Construction deployments to streamline store progress and details to reduce redundancy and help improve business partner relations. Managed daily/monthly vendor activities within a Matrix environment and established specific guidelines and expectations to be met. Work closely with Store Systems Management to ensure store networks and device profiles are properly setup prior to vendor deployment. Project Manager SPENCER TECHNOLOGIES October 2011 to August 2015 Managed the Gap & Gap Outlet accounts for all New Store Construction, Remodels, Permanent Closures & all Ad Hoc requests. Responsible for managing technicians and giving direction for all required POS & Telco cabling and POS hardware installations within the Gap & GO stores while under construction. Manage field technicians daily while onsite at stores providing them with proper direction on specific job scopes to gain resolution and/or complete the requested job. Coordinated daily meets with the customer (Gap Analyst) confirming job completions and ensuring all upcoming job requests are confirmed and scheduled accordingly. Managed daily logistics while interacting with internal warehouse management for critical shipment requests, ensuring all onsite delivery dates are met for multiple jobs. Interacted with Superintendents, General Contractors, various vendors and Mall Management to ensure all scopes of work could be scheduled accordingly and completed in full while utilizing best effective strategy and planning from all trades involved. Project Manager/ IT Business Analyst GAP INC October 2010 to October 2011 Responsible for the New Store POS Installations and Store Construction Projects for all North American Gap and Gap Outlet Stores, interfacing with Store Technologies, Brand Operations, Construction Supervisors, Store Personnel, Corporate Architecture, onsite vendors and as well as technology and non-technology business partners. Provided planning, technical implementation and support for new and upcoming technology projects.  Entered daily construction activities on web-based ordering program to request service and/or HW.  Monitoring construction schedules for assigned New, Remodel, Repositions, and Relocating stores.  Performed troubleshooting and escalated to the appropriate BP teams for ultimate resolution as required.  Developed multiple relationships with Business Partners in various related IT management fields.  Coordinated daily project planning, scheduling and problem solving with vendors & related BP's.  Worked with internal Business Partners and Vendors to achieve the most cost-effective solutions & turnaround times while meeting budgetary guidelines.  Utilized multiple resources to resolve all POS and other technology related issues.  Partnered weekly with the other analysts to address escalations, issues and vendor production status.  Established and maintained solid communication with the involved vendors to ensure smooth coordination of hardware deliveries and/or installations. Sent Download Files, (Price, Sizes, Tax, etc.) and activated required software-based elements for all New and Relocating Gap & Gap Outlet stores. Attending meetings and conference calls set up by the clients (Gap and Gap Outlet Operations), to discuss and plan for any technology and POS installation of future construction tasks. IT Financial Analyst GAP INC October 2008 to October 2010 Conducted strategic planning and financial forecasting within the Global Store Technologies group.  As a core buyer, utilized Oracle 12 database daily to generate multiple construction, service and all hardware related purchase orders. Managed and maintained key financial reports using Discoverer, generated budget projections, actual findings and any accruals needed for all current and upcoming construction projects. Developed and implemented efficient finance tracking tools utilizing MS Excel and internal SharePoint to report all complete actual budget findings from start to finish. Collaborated with IT Finance and Project Accounting divisions regularly to discuss high volume projects status, analyze budget accuracy and any key forecasted findings. Monitored vendor performance to ensure compliance with contractual obligations while constantly producing significant company cost savings. Worked close with accounts payable division to analyze vendor issues and policies as needed.  Assisted heavily with all invoice holds and any discrepancies associated. Senior Procurement Specialist ACTIVIDENTITY March 2007 to July 2007 Solely managed and maintained all hardware and software commodities including any day to day purchases involving facility and shipping related issues. Utilizing Oracle database, maintained internal purchase requisitions throughout the company and oversaw all vendor services & contract negotiations. Key functions included expediting all orders to meet deadlines & resolving discrepancies as needed. Benchmarked & produced numerous quotes for internal users/customers including managing and maintaining a "cost-savings" tracking report. Senior Procurement Specialist GENESYS TELECOMMUNICATIONS May 2006 to March 2007 Procured technology buys & services for the company's West Coast & Mid-West regions.  Solely managed the Marketing procurement activities including the Sales team, Professional Services and Education departments. Utilized SAP database on a daily basis to manage and maintain internal purchase reqs and purchase orders; expediting all time sensitive issues. Ran open PO/PR reports daily to analyze workflow. Oversaw all contract agreements and issued NDA's within my groups to ensure proper pricing and terms. Assisted heavily in accounts payable tasks involving invoice discrepancies and vendor ads into SAP. Project Manager/ Senior Procurement Specialist Veritas Software May 2001 to January 2004 Oversaw national and international procurement activities', including technology buys, capital equipment purchases, and marketing functions. Managed internal purchasing web requisitions and expedited time-sensitive purchase orders. Evaluated and recruited vendors for service upgrades and improvements. Monitored vendor performance to ensure compliance with contractual obligations. Produced and reviewed administrative/financial reports to determine reasonable prices. Produced service proposals for customer requests. Supervised procurement activities for in-house research/development projects, including hardware and electric component purchases. Collaborated with engineering and manufacturing divisions in evaluating and resolving defective products. Assisted in accounts payables tasks, such as identifying invoice discrepancies. Conducted strategic planning and financial forecasting. Evaluated enterprise systems and products. Analyzed and updated an Oracle database monthly. Maintained sourcing standards. Procurement Specialist Disney Internet Group 2000 to 2001 Procured technology buys and daily services for the company's global and local (east and west coast) regions. Managed and maintained daily purchase orders and client orders/requests. Ensured timely and quality product delivery. Oversaw vendor services, including contract negotiations, pricing, and performance evaluation. Researched and identified suppliers to deliver required technology services. Procurement Specialist On Command Corporation 1998 to 2000 Produced, tracked, and maintained purchase orders using Oracle. Managed commodity purchases. Oversaw vendor services and contract negotiations. Planned, coordinated, and directed equipment installations. Participated with the production department in defining scheduled product release dates. Maintained global inventory and expedited requisite materials. Assisted field technicians in service provisions. Developed and maintained client relationships with superior service and follow-up. Education High school or equivalent in Gen Ed Fremont High School - Sunnyvale, CA August 1992 to June 1996 Certifications/Licenses Driver's License