SAP Ariba IT Project Manager SAP Ariba <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Kirkland, WA Project Manager with over 7 years of experience in developing and managing complex projects within time and budgetary constraints. A highly skilled listener and communicator able to assess client needs and convey necessary information with clarity and enthusiasm. An organized, detail-oriented, and conscientious self-starter, able to strategize and prioritize effectively to accomplish multiple tasks and stay clam under pressure. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SAP Ariba IT Project Manager Puget Sound Energy January 2017 to Present SAP Ariba (eProcurement) IT Project Manager responsible for planning and delivery of P2P, Sourcing, Contracts, Spend Visibility and SIPM. Responsibilities included:  • Managed multiple modules requirements-gathering rollout, training, testing and operational activities.  • Project planning, direct escalations and budget management.  • Maintaining a catalog of risk, issues, actions and decision and ensuring closure of these.  • Providing regular status reports and running daily scrum stand-ups.  • Project support for technical/functional requirements (Catalog / Supplier Enablement). Healthcare Implementation Project Manager Elekta 2014 to 2016 responsible for planning, delivery and implementation of cancer treatment technologies at clinics and hospitals nationwide. Responsibilities included:  * Running kick-off meetings, setting expectations with the client on delivery and implementation schedules and expected outcome.  * Worked with key stakeholders and vendors to establish project goals/objectives and monitored progress throughout the year, including providing course-correction guidance as warranted to guarantee agreed service.  * Management of simultaneous high-profile projects, in excess of 10 at a time, ensuring delivery of goods, management and coordination of install teams and product training.  * Analysis of software compatibility with hardware modules, ensuring right fit.  * Customer relationship management, acting as the single point for escalations for project delays, installs, product issues and training.  * Extensive use of Salesforce for revenue forecasting and generation, work orders, order fulfilment and invoicing. Project Manager Third Eye Vision 2006 to 2014 responsible for the delivery and coordination of multiple surveillance projects for mid-sized organizations ranging from high end hotel groups to commercial businesses, project value in excess of $2 million.    * Management of multiple simultaneous projects using a diverse range of third eye products.  * Monitored and analyzed vendor's performance using SAP to assure compliance with service level agreements and continuous improvement of the security services.  * Responsible for various aspects of a project from project planning, solution design, to resource planning and project delivery.  * Hands on' involvement in gathering customer requirements, setting expectations, scheduling installers, order purchasing and fulfilment.  * Prioritized and coordinated tasks to complete projects within deadlines.  * Client relationship management, ensuring total customer satisfaction through product procurement, shipment through to delivery.  * Issue management, following up on all customer complaints and resolving them in a timely manner.  * Developed training guides and custom training for high profile clients.  * Assisted the technical team in hardware selection and software design.  * Established product positioning, pricing strategies, and marketing programs for the company. Quality assurance product engineer Alpine Engineering Products Inc 2005 to 2006 Quality assurance product engineer responsible for test and analysis of trusses for large manufacturers.  * Management of quality reviews for various projects in size that require trusses to be assessed, tested against system specifications and to resolve any defects. This in some cases required redesigning trusses altogether.  * Other responsibilities included client communication and cross collaboration across internal teams.  * Composed work instructions and other training documents to support quality at the point of manufacturing.  * Evaluated and implemented engineering standards, best practices and procedures to ensure optimal performance. Project Manager Environmental Tectonics Corporation 2003 to 2004 primarily responsible for designing hardware and providing engineering expertise on estimations and bids for commercial and governmental proposals.  • Developed and conducted analysis on driving simulator. Provided technical assistance to manufacturing assembly and test including interpretation of quality requirements and standards.  • Designed parts for driving simulator using AutoCAD in accordance with building regulations and specifications.  • Lead system testing and assisted in the creation of test models / requirements traceability matrices.  • Interfaced daily with Operations to plan and execute production of driving simulator.  • Developed security procedures, training courses and trained actual fire fighters onsite at Baltimore\Washington International Airport.  • Led teams across broad technical and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Gathered internal and external feedback to identify potential new products or improvements to existing products and relay this information back to the business.  • Developed powerful presentations for senior members of staff showcasing timelines for project delivery and training options as well as recommendations that required buy in from all stakeholders. Project Team Lead NASA 2002 to 2003 responsible for Microsatellite structural design and integration.  • Lead an interdisciplinary team, used technical problem solving and relationship skills to cross-collaborate in resolving identified field product issues.  • Generated manufacture drawings in AutoCAD with Finite Element Analysis.  • Created and tracked weekly and monthly targets for drafting and fabrication.  • Generated product quality performance data and reports, and presented this information internally to senior management and to Customers.  • Managed and controlled projects by ensuring expectations of clients were met, ensuring timeframe and budget costs were on track. Junior Engineer Siemens 2001 to 2003 responsible for the analysis and development of superalloy material required by Siemens Material Management.  • Worked under the direction of Senior Materials Engineer for the development of superalloys, thermo fluids, and ceramic components for power plants.  • Assisted in determining heat transfers, fatigue analysis, tensile, and creep affects.  • Assisted Senior Engineers to perform quality testing for superalloys.  • Developed and maintained a materials knowledge database for materials engineers at Siemens.  • Assisting Project Managers in developing project scopes, budgets and schedules for custom solutions engineering initiatives. Education Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering and Minor in Business Administration University of Central Florida Skills SAP Ariba (1 year), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Salesforce (2 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Project Planning (7 years), Project Management (7 years), Process Improvement (1 year), C++ (2 years), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Coaching (1 year), SAP (2 years), CMDB (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License