Director of Project Management, IT Director of <span class="hl">Project</span> Management, <span class="hl">IT</span> Evanston, IL Work Experience Director of Project Management, IT Shedd Aquarium - Chicago, IL 2015 to Present • Establishing the IT PMO: methodologies, standards, process and change man- Operations Management  agement for training, talent acquisition and retention ensuring that processes are  consistent and executed effectively across the organization. professional  • Driving the successful implementation of Shedd's most critical and complex IT certifications  initiatives via close partnership with leadership to understand their needs and •PMP Certified  optimize organizational processes. •Six Sigma Black Belt  • Managing and training diverse teams through implementation of new IT tools (i.e. •PROSCI- Change Management  DAM system, Animal CRM, Telephony VoIP, intranet) includes requirements gath- (ADKAR Model)  ering, taxonomy design, content strategy, governance, information architecture •Good Documentation Practices ~ and vendor management. PTI International  • Accessibility and Inclusion team tasked with implementing new initiatives (i.e.  Beam Robot, sensory friendly facilities, audio described tours). skills & training Program Manager, Online Marketing and Operations Pearson Education - Glenview, IL 2007 to 2015 • Managed US, CA & UK Web Technology programs and processes including Re- • Workforce Planning  source Management (hiring, mentoring, performance reviews) and forecasting • HR Fundamentals  talent needs. •AGILE Methodology  • Oversaw a diverse and multi-generational workforce including millennials and first-generation digital citizens in a mobile and flexible environment to create strengths  efficient user-experiences on PC and mobile.  •Business Acumen  • Collaborated with IT Leadership to help determine needs and implement new •Techie  technology adoption throughout the company by leveraging new approaches to •Detail-Oriented  managing projects, process and talent. •Persuasive  • Implemented Change Management; including communication, training, and •Strategic  resistance strategies through company initiatives including, Online Sampling - •Relationship Building  resulting in an estimated $25 million company savings, as well as consolidation of various companies into one corporate website - generating a 10% increase in civic  leads and 20% increase of monthly unique visitors.  engagement  •Chicago Architecture Foundation  Project Manager, IT Network (CAF), Docent Project Manager Dentsply Pharmacteceutical - Elk Grove Village, IL 2004 to 2007 • Worked closely with leadership on direction on technical projects to understand •PMI Chicago Land Chapter, Mem- business objectives and plan execution; including educating workforce. ber  • Prepared and reviewed validation protocols within each project: Operational and •Toastmaster International, Mem-  Performance Qualifications (IQ, OQ, PQ), compliance with current Good Manufac- ber, VP of Education  turing Practices (cGMP), Good Automated Manufacturing Process (GAMP 4) and •Taproot Foundation, Volunteer  Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Education BS in Management Information Systems MIS & Operations Management University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ MS in Business Communication Northwestern University - Evanston, IL Master's Skills Bilingual: English & Spanish, Metrics-based quality & Efficiency Analysis, Training & Development, Agile, Workforce Planning Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP Six Sigma Black Belt PROSCI - Change Management