IT/ Project Leader <span class="hl">IT</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> Leader Louisville, KY Work Experience IT/ Project Leader Louisville Water Company - Louisville, KY May 2012 to August 2012 January 2013 - May 2013, August 2014 - December 2014  • Taught many useful technical services.  • Learned the interworking of different Operating Systems.  • Gained experience in giving presentations to a conference full of employees.  • Put in charge of projects with set deadlines  • Completed 3 projects, all of which were on time Manager Steak N' Shake - Louisville, KY March 2011 to July 2012 • Utilize leadership skills to manage stressful situations  • Communicate and work with team members in order to execute a common goal  • Started as a grill worker and was promoted to shift manager within five months Costume Character Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom - Louisville, KY March 2007 to August 2008 • Responsible for ensuring that all guests enjoyed their visit.  • Taught me how to e outgoing and sociable. Education Bachelor of Science in Mathematics University of Louisville - Louisville, KY August 2014 to May 2016 Computer Engineering J. B. Speed School Of Engineering - Louisville, KY January 2011 to August 2014 Denison University - Granville, OH August 2010 to December 2010 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS/RELEVANT COURSEWORK    • Microsoft Office  • Microsoft Excel  • Maple  • Calculus I, II, & III  • Linear Algebra  • Differential Equations  • Probability  • Non Euclidian Geometry    APPLIED EXPERIENCE  Independent Projects:  • Created unique algorithms for producing infinitely many Pythagorean triplets  • Coded a board game in Python that incorporated several difficulties that I created using different player strategies.  • Devised a method for multiplying numbers of similar order (both odd or even) quickly and efficiently.  Homework Assignments:  • Proved Pythagoreans theorem among other notable theories.  • Used probability to determine fatality rates for certain activites.