Project Manager - FIX Protocol Integration <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - FIX Protocol Integration Project Manager - FIX Protocol Integration Chicago, IL Work Experience Project Manager - FIX Protocol Integration Trumid Technologies LLC June 2018 to July 2019 Certify new clients in the UAT environment before completing client interface/connectivity setup in the Production environment. Provide Production Support to existing clients during trading hours. 100% remote work environment    • Provide and educate clients with FIX specifications, network connectivity documents and login setup.  • Moderate and lead conference calls and Webex/Skype meetings to interview clients and help them integrate FIX protocol workflows  • Answer client questions via email, video conference, and phone throughout the client development phase and test with clientside developers and QA teams throughout the testing phase.  • Investigate, analyze, and develop solutions for client integration issues, including but not limited to market data, drop copy/straight-thru processing, order handling, anonymous/dark pool trading, and attributed/request-for-quote (RFQ) trading.  • Conduct conformance tests to achieve certification of clients to trade on Trumid's corporate bond trading platform.  • Collaborate with and assist Production Support with FIX issues post go-live.  • Work closely with internal and external business line managers, quality assurance teams, and developers to drive new FIX requirements and to bring about bug fixes to completion.  • Manage ongoing client projects, proactively push integrations forward, and clearly communicate progress to the business line, using tools such as JIRA, Jenkins, Github, Slack, and face-to-face meetings/web conferences. Project Manager - IT Quality Assurance Societe Generale September 2007 to October 2017 Certify new clients in the simulation environment and then promote them to the production environment, while providing ongoing technical support to existing clients.  • Certified at least 30 new revenue-generating trading clients per quarter (minimum requirement of 20 new clients per quarter) by documenting user requirements, modifying/customizing FIX protocol using Java and ULLINK Configuration Manager to meet unique client needs, and creating new application roll-out plans.  • Fulfilled 100% of quarterly client requests for access to futures, equities, foreign exchange, options, and algorithmic trading environments by organizing and standardizing client-specific information to meet the exchanges' connectivity requirements.  • Won executive management approval of and US and European regulatory permission for 8 new derivative product offerings by assessing customer demand and managing a cross-team of Compliance and Risk department personnel.  • Successfully tested over 40 new clients per year using automated and manual testing to ensure client connectivity to firm's FIX order routing system and to 3rd party vendor Fidessa's gateway connections to derivatives, equities, and options markets worldwide.  • Proposed an annual average of 12 changes to vendor SLAs to expand our firm's electronic order handling capabilities.  • Trained 50+ clients annually on the proper use of the FIX protocol, trading specifications of different products, and algorithmic trading strategies.  • Developed 46% of the test plans and test cases used in regression testing by our department.  • Developed solutions for 48% of annual incidents by analyzing FIX protocol formatting, algorithmic strategy coding, and trading application bugs to determine root causes.  • Formulated and implemented corrective actions with an average turnaround time of 10-20 minutes per incident by calculating risk, testing fixes in the UAT environment, using SQL to resolve trade reporting errors, and using change management tools, such as JIRA and IMPULSE.  • Achieved 92% completion of cross-team projects by managing relationships and coordinating communications among account executives, clients, application developers, Middle Office/Operations, and electronic trading technical support teams.  • Conducted meetings with the sales force to educate them on new electronic trading technologies and new derivative products that would expand services available to clients. Senior IT Auditor Societe Generale January 2000 to September 2007 Improved IT security infrastructure in order to comply with state, federal, and exchange regulatory rules and guidelines as well as to reduce the firm's exposure to financial and reputational risk.  • Improved security of 96% of the Chicago office's servers by implementing security controls on Windows and UNIX servers.  • Closed 92% of security holes in the firm's firewalls by evaluating and adjusting security settings of Checkpoint and Cisco PIX firewalls and Cisco routers.  • Orchestrated over 10 annual reviews of the systems data center to improve its physical and logical security.  • Annually examined and corrected firm's disaster recovery and business resumption plans to continue operations in the event of another 9/11 magnitude catastrophe that destroyed the firm's New York office.  • Designed security policies and procedures for 8 overseas offices and supervised annual reviews of their implementation to ensure corporate-wide compliance with the firm's and regulatory agencies' rules and policies.  • Reduced by 30% the storage size of the department's Lotus Notes database of audit reports by recommending and testing enrichments.  • Reduced by 23% the response time by Tech Support/Help Desk staff after analyzing call logs and email auto-notification software reports and proposing adjustments to the prioritization logic.  • Interviewed business line managers in 8 overseas offices throughout the year to develop process improvements in operations and to ensure the implementation of these improvements.  • Consulted and advised during bi-weekly systems development meetings to ensure clean, secure SDLC processes were being practiced. Education Master of Science in Information Systems in MIS DePaul University - Chicago, IL MBA in Finance DePaul University - Chicago, IL Bachelor of Arts in Economics and History Northwestern University - Evanston, IL Skills Sql, Java, Python, Pandas, Visio, Excel, Microsoft office, Powerpoint, Word Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/gene-mui Assessments Technical Support — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0nlmo8ipc-dkr2qr Data Analysis — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uhxkul2l1k4yhdso Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information OTHER SKILLS    • Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Visio, PowerPoint)  • Python, Pandas  • SQL  • Java  • Comedy improv performance experience