Program Coordinator Program Coordinator Program Coordinator - JROTC Program Riverview, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Coordinator JROTC Program January 2018 to Present • Implemented program serving students and JROTC faculty.  • Manage JROTC calendar of activities and logistics for campus program operations.  • Resolve issues concerning program implementation and student participation. IT Program Manager, Senior Advisor U.S. Army - MacDill AFB, FL October 2015 to October 2017 • Coordinated and provided day-to-day leadership to cross-functional teams and communicated status of program initiatives to leadership and stakeholders.  • Managed all aspects of implementation including allocation of resources, process improvement, development of project scope and schedules and cost control.  • Ensured that projects were delivered on time, on budget and within scope.  • Led teams, assigned individual responsibilities, managed project dependencies and managed performance.  • Oversaw 180+ employees, ensuring understanding of situation awareness for Special Operations Forces Information Enterprise initiatives.  • Managed communications network supporting 1,300 deployed nodes in 90 countries.  • Tracked 400,000+ customer service issues and resolution.  • Directed teams in the operation of Computer network Defense, Satellite Operations, Campus and Mobility, Consolidated Service Desk, Data Center and Cyber Protection.  • Opened new Global Enterprise Operations Network Command Center, expanding operation from 44 to 183 personnel, replacing an outdated legacy system.  • Ensured that the new system met the standards and policies established by Defense Information Systems Agency. IT Operations Manager U.S. Army, Uijeongbu - KR October 2014 to September 2015 South Korea  • Developed, trained and led 110 team members in delivering computer desktop and telecommunications services to 11,000 customers, achieving a 97% reliability rate.  • Recognized for meeting organizational goals as recipient of Meritorious Service Medal.  • Installed, maintained, and operated a Wide Area Network across 5,427 square miles north of Seoul, Korea.  • Maintained $46 million in assets including vehicles, facilities, weaponry and tools.    (803) 968-7643 • gilstuart@yahoo.com IT Operations Manager U.S. Army - KW September 2013 to September 2014 Kuwait  • Integrated 220 employees into functional, inter-supporting teams that installed, operated, maintained, repaired and defended 2 multimillion-dollar networks.  • Implemented policies, procedures and business practices that facilitated network availability and customer service to 5,000 local and remote customers.  • Established remote contingency site and personnel relocation plan; seamlessly failed-over network resources during disaster recovery exercises. IT Operations Manager U.S. Army - Shaw AFB, SC June 2011 to September 2013 • Integrated 220 employees into high-performing functional teams to operate, maintain and defend $34.5 million networks, implementing policies and business practices to facilitate network availability to 5,000 local/remote customers.  • Set up a remote contingency site and personnel relocation plan as part of a seamless fail-over network during disaster recovery tabletop exercises. Senior IT Consultant U.S. Army - Kabul, AF November 2010 to May 2011 Afghanistan  • Deployed to Kabul to enhance strategic communication capabilities for 17,000 coalition warfighters.  • Safeguarded 165 staff through 30 enemy artillery attacks and repaired communication infrastructure to repair damage.  • Transitioned campus infrastructure from copper wire to fiber optic, improved data integrity and increased transmission rates by 600%. Information Assurance Project Manager U.S. Army - Heidelberg, DE July 2008 to November 2010 Germany  • Developed enterprise policies and advised the Army's 26 most senior generals on best business practices to thwart cyber subversion, sabotage and espionage resulting in award of the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the military's third highest honor.  • Increased professional certification of the Army's IT workforce by 59%  • Presented continuous progress reports to the Secretary of the Army, Army Chief of Staff and Army CIO. Senior Advisor U.S. Army - Molesworth December 2005 to June 2008 United Kingdom  • Enabled training of 50+ employees in administrative, security, operational and logistical support functions for Joint Military IT services in Molesworth, UK, Germany into wide area network, reducing equipment and overhead costs by $500K per year.  • Staffed and oversaw direct-support team responsible for continuous communications requirements of the Supreme Allied Commander in Europe. Education B.S in Information Technology Management American Military University May 2012 Skills Training & Development, Operations, Management, Excel, Inventory Control, MS Office, Logistics, inventory Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: MSG