Project Manager Contractor <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Contractor Project Manager Contractor - Apex Systems West Des Moines, IA Work Experience Project Manager Contractor Apex Systems April 2019 to Present Project Manager - Wellmark Technologies  • Deliver results by leading and supporting multiple tactical, projects of moderate to high complexity in scope and involve one or multiple cross functional areas.  • Provide Project Management to ensure business processes and technology solutions align with business objectives.  • Work collaboratively within Technology and business units to achieve the stated objectives, measurable goals, and deliverables of these projects.  • Support 3 teams covering Operations, Infrastructure, and Cloud  • Utilize Azure Dev-Ops to track and monitor projects. Contractor Marco Technologies July 2018 to April 2019 Voice Project Manager for Integration & Design  • Integration Project Manage for Mitel phone system installations on small to medium sized business from SOW to completion.  • Manage customer calls and correspondence  • Manage project scheduling  • Strong commitment to assigned projects, works to define project success with business owners and accountable for project performance.  • Oversee service budgets, invoicing, time reporting for each project under Time & Material or fixed bid projects.  • Coordinate and manage purchase orders for products and hardware  • Manage voice engineer and customer scheduling.  • System design for integration into customers infrastructure.  • Onsite customer training  • Project tracking utilizing various tool for Collaboration tools such as ConnectWise, Excel creating custom macros, pivot tables, and fields, Word and OneNote. Systems Analyst 4 Wells Fargo November 2017 to July 2018 - Contractor  • Support File and Printer servers  • Change Management  • OS Support Windows server 2008 R2 & 2012 R2  • NAS support  • Migration Support  • Windows 2008 Server & Active Directory  • Windows 2012 Server & Active Directory  • Project Management using excel w/ pivot table, word and in-house applications. Contractor - Project Manager State of Iowa December 2016 to November 2017 Install & Support Help Desk Genesys IVR System  • Project manager for new help desk IVR  • Deployment of new IP phone system  • Admin for Genesys system  • Admin for reports on statistics and analytics  • Hardware admin  • Manager moves, adds, changes across the state of Iowa Systems Engineer/ Project Management - Remote Verint Inc July 2009 to November 2016 • Remote engineer working from home 100% supporting installation and troubleshooting for v9.x, v10.x and v11.x, v15.1 Impact 360 Call Center Recording.  • Work closely with customer IT and Telecom departments to install, configure and test TDM and VoIP for Impact 360 QM.  • Support and troubleshoot Windows Server 2003-2012, SQL 2005-2012, Windows Clients, VMware, Citrix.  • Windows 2003-2012 OS server & hardware builds for customer call centers - providing hardware and software installation, updates, patching, and server testing.  • Windows Server imaging deployment and customized VMware image deployments.  • Support for Genesys UUC, SIP, CTI, VoIP. Work directly with customers to install, support, and troubleshoot voice recordings. Software and hardware connectivity to their network, network routing, firewalls and port allocation, RPT and SIP packet troubleshooting and gateway routing, Wireshark troubleshooting. Server installations and OS configurations. Assist with SIP based extensions for Single-Step Conferencing and Service Observer.  • Project Manager for Genesys IP & TDM Voice and Avaya IP & TDM voice integration.  • Provide support for virtual extension, IVR, ACD design, configuration and implementations.  • As a Systems Engineer, involved with the readiness, installation, configuration and successful completion on multiple large projects for customers i.e.; WellMark, WellPoint, USAA, and Florida Dept. of Revenue ranging from 2500-30,000 users. Network Administrator/ Project Management Advanced Management Technology, Inc - Little Rock, AR February 2002 to June 2009 Contractor Assigned to Federal Aviation Administration Little Rock Tower)  Network Administrator for the Federal Government Southwest Region IT Department with responsibility for 3 states that included managing internal network infrastructure, desktop and server support of large Tri-State area.    • Manage the Local and Wide Area Network of over 650 users.  • Manage multiple Novell and Windows 2003 servers located in 3 states, ranging from version Novell 4.1 to 5.0 that allocate network resources accessed through a Cisco router to enter the Internet/Intranet ports.  • Utilize Novell Netware, Remote Console software in support through administration and troubleshooting of network access, Novell Directory Service, Novell Distributive Print Service, DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) / DNS, user accounts, and TCP/IP, IPX protocol accessing Windows 9x, XP, and 2000 operating systems on multiple workstations.  • Windows 2003-2005 OS server & hardware builds for each site - providing hardware and software installation, updates, patching, and server testing.  • Desktop, Server, and laptop imaging deployment thru various industry standards. Provide configuration and support for LAN distribution of Windows operating systems. Configuration of imaging and script management software.  • Configure and administer Veritas Netbackup & Backup Exec Tape Backup software on all Novell and Windows Servers, which includes tape scheduling, tape rotations, and end user data restoration.  • Provide rapid troubleshooting and resolution through the use of Active Directory Remote Desktop, LAN management, and Remote Admin software tools.  • Configured laptops and desktops, troubleshot VPN, dial-up, and WAN access issues.  • Served as Active Directory Lead for Arkansas, Louisiana, Eastern Texas working with regional team leads to implement and deploy Group Policies, Hardware Life Cycle Management, system security  • System Administrator on major projects, including Lotus Notes National Migration software implementation and ongoing support. Senior IT Manager/ Project Management AT&T - Little Rock, AR 1991 to October 2001 Responsible for the LR Corporate Call Center 1000+ employees IT infrastructure. Responsible for Desktop, Administration, and Telephony departments. Also, oversee for 4 managers and 7 technicians which includes scheduling, payroll, training, and job duties. Department finances including budgeting, purchasing, and receiving/payables.  • LR Call Center Project Manager for new facility.  • Responsible for overseeing re-location of 1400+ Call Center employees and equipment from temporary location to newly constructed site.  • Responsible for construction site from groundbreaking to grand opening.  • Coordinated LAN/WAN, Telephony installations, computer purchasing, configuration and setup of complete location.  • Coordinated the facility construction of 100,000 sq. ft. 2 story building and worked with various 3rd party vendors installing Nortel PBX, fiber, Perephonics IVR system, network cabling and routers, building generator backup system and power.  • Directly managed the daily operations of an Information Technology department. Established department policies and procedures, coordinating enterprise upgrades and installations, Strategic planning with various internal business groups, and responsible for department budgeting of $20 million dollars.  • Promoted to Executive Level IT Management 11/00  • Promoted to Team Lead Manager 5/1/99  • Call Center Lease Replacement Project Manager.  • Arkansas Market Leases Project Manager  • POS Compass Conversion Project Manager  • Market & Call Center Y2K Project Manager  • LR Call Center Project Manager for new facility. Responsible for overseeing re-location of 600+ employees and equipment from temporary location to newly constructed site. Responsible for construction site from groundbreaking to grand opening. Coordinated LAN/WAN, Telephony installations, computer purchasing, configuration and setup of complete location. Coordinated the facility construction of 100,000 sq. ft. 2 story building and worked with various 3rd party vendors installing Nortel PBX, fiber, Perephonics IVR system, network cabling and routers, building generator backup system and power.  • Directly managed the daily operations of an Information Technology department. Established department policies and procedures, coordinating enterprise upgrades and installations, Strategic planning with various internal business groups, and responsible for department budgeting of $20 million dollars. Education Bachelor Degree in Computer Engineering in EDUCATION Arkansas College of Technology 1990 Skills Project manager, Network troubleshooting, System administration, Disaster recovery, Telecom, Site management, Team building Additional Information Competencies  Project Manager, Senior Manager, Team Building  System Administration  Network Troubleshooting & Resolution  Telecom and Network Infrastructure  Hardware & Software Installation and Configuration  Disaster Recovery  Site Management