Vice President: Digital Operations Vice President: Digital Operations Sr. Director/Vice President Seattle, WA Results-oriented and passionate IT Executive with a proven track record of outstanding IT delivery across a range of complex capabilities in Retail, including E-commerce, Omni-channel, and ERP/Finance. A skilled and fervent executive leader with a passion for creating empowered, self-organizing IT teams that deliver superior business results through the application of industry-leading technical solutions, innovative software engineering, and modern infrastructure engineering practices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Vice President: Digital Operations Funko, LLC - Everett, WA February 2019 to April 2019 Recruited by the Chief Marketing Officer (SVP and CMO) of Funko to lead Funko’s Digital Operations (e-Commerce) department.   • Responsible for software engineering, cloud infrastructure, and digital operations of four Funko digital properties and the Funko mobile APP on iOS and Android.  • Created the digital strategy, and architecture and delivery roadmap for 2019 and 2020.  • Accountable for the financial management (P&L) of the Digital Operations department, with responsibility for staffing, vendor management, cloud hosting, software licensing, budgeting, and forecasting.  • Initiated the digital transformation by leading staff in the adoption of modern software engineering practices, processes, and technologies. Sr. Director: Omni-channel Technology Lowe's Companies, Inc. - Kirkland, WA March 2016 to February 2019 Appointed by the Lowe’s Chief Information Officer and the Vice President of Digital Operations to assume IT leadership of a $100 million e-Commerce business acquisition in Kirkland, WA.   • Tasked with the establishment of a world-class software development group in the greater Seattle area, by leading the transformation of the newly acquired IT group. In this role, I led software development and operations of three Lowe’s owned digital (e-Commerce) properties (LowesForPros.com, Lowes.ca, and TheMine.com), ERP and back office systems, on-premises infrastructure, and office and desktop IT support.  • Accountable for a global IT group of up to 130 global resources with staff in Kirkland WA, Mooresville NC, and Bangalore in India.  • Responsible for annual roadmap planning, budgeting, and management of an annual operating budget of $2.5M and three capital budgets exceeding $16M.  • Increased software delivery by over 1,000% (YOY) from 2016 to 2017 through strategic resource changes, adoption of the Agile/SCRUM framework, implementation of formal Quality Engineering and automation, and adoption of DevOps practices.  • Took on additional, large initiatives in support of Lowe’s enterprise goals in 2018, including the implementation of MS Dynamics 365 for CRM and the migration of applications to MS Azure cloud in 2018.  • Recognized by the Lowe’s Chief Development Officer and Chief Information Officer for outstanding leadership as a result of the exemplary transformation and improvement in software delivery performance. Sr. Software Engineering Manager Lowe's Companies, Inc. - Kirkland, WA April 2013 to March 2016 Responsible for the successful and timely delivery of several large and complex IT initiatives in support of the Lowe's Omni-channel Strategy, a $500 million enterprise initiative.  • Led multiple Java/WebSphere software development teams in the US and India, with responsibility for team leadership, resource planning, estimation, software delivery, architecture design, solution implementation, and post-implementation support.  • Delivered projects included components of the IBM Sterling ERP implementation in Java/WebSphere, custom Java Special Order Sales ERP integration, and vendor EDI integration.  • Appointed by the Lowe's VP of Enterprise Architecture to lead the Order-to-cache Architecture Review project, sponsored by the CIO. Led and managed a team of Solution Architects, Portfolio Architects, and subject matter experts to review the current-state Lowe's current state order management architecture and propose a 5 year plan for future-state architecture. Sr, IT Project Manager Lowe's Companies, Inc. - Mooresville, NC April 2010 to April 2013 Responsible for the project management and successful delivery of projects in support of 1,500 Lowe's operated home improvement stores.  • Managed several global software development teams to deliver software solutions in support of the Lowe's store operations strategy.  • Managed all phases of the SDLC from ideation through implementation support.  • Major projects included Oracle/Siebel CRM, Click Software Scheduling/Delivery/Dispatch, and the delivery of a Centralized Installation Management application through custom Java development. IT Project Manager Lowe's Companies, Inc. - Wilkesboro, NC September 2008 to April 2010 Managed and successfully delivery of medium to large sized initiatives in support of Lowe's Finance organization.  • Managed aspects of several multi-million dollar IT projects, including planning and estimation, contract negotiation, architecture and design, execution, performance management, staffing, financials, implementation, and post-implementation support.  • Delivered projects included, Activity Based Costing, Employee Expense Management, PeopleSoft Spend Management, Lowe's Data Center Relocation, and a Lowe's branded credit card implementation.  • Implemented, in collaboration with Microsoft labs, the world's largest SQL Server 2008 OLAP cluster in support of the Activity Based Costing project, a 2 year and $20 million initiative. Education BS in Business and Leadership CAPELLA UNIVERSITY - Minneapolis, MN February 2017 ASSOCIATES IN ARTS WILKES COMMUNITY COLLEGE 2002 to 2004 Skills CRM, ERP, PEOPLESOFT, SIEBEL, .NET, Project Management (10+ years), Portfolio Management (3 years), Product Management (3 years), Change Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning (5 years), Financial Management (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Resource Management (10+ years), Organizational Transformation (3 years), Global Development (8 years), Collaboration (10+ years), Problem-solving (10+ years), Ownership (10+ years), Communication (10+ years), Servant Leadership (10+ years), Coaching & Mentoring (10+ years), Employee Development (10+ years), Leadership Development (5 years), Cloud Technologies (3 years), eCommerce (4 years), Agile (3 years), SCRUM (3 years), Hybrid SDLC (8 years), Infrastructure Management (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years) Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/Albert-Sparks Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Cloud: MS Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS)  • eCommerce: Shopify, Magento, Custom .NET  • SDLC: Agile/SCRUM, Waterfall, Hybrid  • Infrastructure Mgmt: Windows Servers, Network Infrastructure, Desktop Support  • ERP: IBM Sterling, Custom .NET  • CRM: Siebel, MS Dynamics CRM, Custom .NET  • Finance: PeopleSoft Finance, MS Great Plains, 3rd Party Financial Integration (Synchrony, PayPal), Activity Based Costing, Taxware  • Database: SQL Server, DB2 UDB, Sybase, Oracle  • Development: .NET, C++, Visual Basic, Z/OS Assembler