Consultant, NY/LI Consultant, NY/LI Merrick, NY Work Experience Consultant, NY/LI PM Concept May 2010 to Present Manage projects consisting of many specific and defined work package elements, including overall project planning, monitoring and controls including WBS, Requirements Planning, Communications Plans, Risk Plans, Cost Expenditure Plans, Issues Tracking, Status reporting and their applicable administration efforts  IT Program Manager / Project Manager / PMO Consultant Cablevision December 2015 to June 2016 • Manage projects consisting of many specific and defined work package elements, including overall project planning, monitoring and controls including WBS, Requirements Planning, Communications Plans, Risk Plans, Cost Expenditure Plans, Issues Tracking, Status reporting and their applicable administration efforts (i.e. scheduling meetings, recording minutes).  • Define, develop and control the program's master schedule.  • Define, develop, control and provide monthly program's aggregated Risk Management Plans.  • Develop and distribute weekly Status Reports.  • Prepare and present of regular executive level program progress / performance reports.  • Coordinate, conduct and provide minutes for regular weekly Core Team status meetings. IT Program Manager / Project Manager / PMO Consultant Department of Education January 2015 to August 2015 • Worked as a PM for a major DoE initiative, Microsoft Program. This initiative enabled the DoE Enterprise to a cloud based email/collaboration tool and provide an overall upgrade to the existing infrastructure.  • Managed the procedure process for infrastructure components, which includes new firewalls, F5s, NetEnforcers and Routers.  • Managed Microsoft Professional Services Team to ensure that overall tasks meet timeline.  • Direct and oversee the Project Management Life Cycle (PMLC) which encompasses the planning, organizing and managing of resources to bring about the successful completion of specific projects goals and objectives.  • Developed and monitor schedules to ensure that projects are completed within established deadlines.  • Communicated status and risk issues to senior management and stakeholders. Project Manager / PMO Consultant MetLife August 2013 to December 2014 • Worked as a PM for Legal on one of MetLife's major initiative, Flag, to on shore US Variable Annuity Business to a combined non-NY statutory entity resulting from a multi-company merger.  • Provided guidance and training to a Junior Legal PM in all aspects of Project Management.  • Documented Legal Department's business reqs and ensured that it met MetLife's PMO standards.  • Developed detailed work plans, schedules, resource plans, project estimates, budgets and status reports; led project meetings.  • Worked with PMO to setup and monitor, at a program level, a process to identify dependencies, risks and issues.  • Worked with PMO to prepare senior management presentation for Flag initiative. IT Project Manager Consultant Citi Bank October 2011 to March 2013 • Managed the Retail Bank's Lines of Business initiatives throughout the project life cycle, overseeing work of 25-30 people. Retail projects included closure of Citi branches, implementation of new functionalities to existing branch processes.  • Developed detailed project plans, project schedules, issue lists and risk assessment matrices to ensure coordination of software development, testing, implementation and post implementation reviews throughout project life cycle.  • Used Planview tools to develop fast track plan for various projects.  • Provided stakeholders and management with status updates on project.  • Managed and took a lead role in driving business units to deliver required project artifacts and achieve business dependent milestones (BRD, HLD, Operational Readiness, Deployment Plans objectives).  • Worked with infrastructure PM to ensure that new site meet requirements and time line. Business Analyst / Project Manager Consultant JP Morgan Chase May 2010 to October 2011 • Documented business requirements and interfaced with developers in development of solution.  • Gathered, documented and analyzed IB Business Reporting needs.  • Developed a project plan and managed all phases of the project life cycle.  • Helped obtain resources to develop reporting and data requirements.  • Developed test plan, script and reviewed results with business test team. Project Manager Consultant, NetApp Professional Services Group Computer Concepts & Resources Inc - New York, NY September 2008 to March 2010 NY  • Analyzed business needs, establish goals and track project performance to meet client's requirements and expectations.  • Created project plans and schedules for technical discovery, design, test and acceptance, implementation and post-implementation reviews.  • Led cross-functional teams to execute project initiatives to balance costs with client goals.  • Managed resources to meet and exceed client expectations within time constraints. Program Manager, Technology Project Manager NPD Group - Port Washington, NY August 2006 to March 2008 • Conducted research and analysis to address user problems or needs.  • Analyzed business requirements for system enhancements.  • Prepared comprehensive UAT plans.  • Implemented and standardized Process Improvements associated with PDLC.  • Developed and set-up controls for Project Management Office. JP Morgan Chase - New York, NY July 1998 to May 2006 VP, Corporate Planning & Analysis JP Morgan Chase 2004 to 2006 • Developed the strategic initiatives requirements for Lines of Business within the Corporate Planning and Analysis Group.  • Ensured proper infrastructure for allowing the Lines of Business to perform their financial reporting and forecasting company wide for Senior Management.  • Led the Lines of Business initiatives throughout the project life cycle, overseeing work of 15-20 people. VP, Technology Project Manager New York, NY 1998 to 2004 Conformed to Project Development Life Cycle using tools, such as traceability matrices and project change control processes, which helped the organization attain Capability Maturity Model (CMM) Level 2 distinction in 12 months.  • Participated as the IT SME on Six Sigma Pricing initiatives to accelerate time-to-market.  • Led all aspects of the project from start to finish. This included identifying the project resources, making resource allocation decisions with managers of each IT discipline, and reporting the status to business and management. AVP, Organization & Methods Banque Nationale de Paris - New York, NY April 1989 to July 1998 • Worked with business units to help define and document business requirements for an initial multiple currencies accounting system in New York.  • Managed all phases of project life cycle, including system design reviews, test plan creation and extensive user acceptance testing for bank's accounting systems.  • Coordinated and implemented the development of a multiple currency accounting system in branches throughout North America (FL, IL, CA) which streamlined account reporting to head office.  • Managed all daily updates for bank's accounting system.  • Served as a liaison between system personnel and users to determine and document phase two upgrade requirements and new functionality for the multiple currency system. Education MBA in Business Management Pace University - New York, NY BA in Accounting in Finance, Business Law and Taxation Brooklyn College - Brooklyn, NY Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License