Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Single Digits Manchester, NH Work Experience Project Manager Single Digits 2018 to Present Hospitality Guest Wi-Fi &Management Software Provider    Successful at managing numerous projects all at various stages as it relates to the 5 phases of project management lifecycle.  ? Attained all milestones and deliverables for multiple complex Guest Wi-Fi (Cisco Meraki Hardware) and structured cabling (CAT 6/Fiber) implementation projects for new construction and migration takeovers for Hilton Hotels across the US with $100k average budget. (50 plus projects completed to date.)  ? Extremely effective pivoting to unexpected blockers and properly communicating change orders with clients, stakeholders, contractors and internal resources to strategically realign projects to stay on track and capture additional revenue and ensure satisfactory project completion on time, budget and scope. Resulting in superior client satisfaction and positive client experience for Property Ownership, General Managers and Hilton Corporate.  ? Proficient utilizing project management Jira software in an Agile methodology to effectively manage tasks, both independently and a cross functional capacity. Tracking progress from initiation to financial closure to minimize risk and adhere to Hilton brand standards of compliance by implementing successful projects.  ? Working knowledge of TCP/IP protocol, interpreting cable certifications and heat mapping results to produce passing results to meet Hilton compliance.  ? Selected to champion and facilitate the remediation for 250 existing Hilton properties in the United States and review quality assurance for past completed projects and confirm all are meeting Hilton's comprehensive standards.  - Coordinated $500k budget and worked with multiple sub-contractors to support the 6-month initiative.  - Contributed to organization being awarded Hiltons New Redesigned Guest Wi-Fi Standards and produced $2.5M in new contracts in Q4 in 2018. Member Manager- Confident IT Jack Ciotuszynski April 2019 to April 2019 I want to personally thank you for your attention to detail and stellar project management skills on our last project together at the Hilton Garden Inn Miami Doral from 4/15/19 through 4/25/19."- Jack Ciotuszynski, Member Manager- Confident IT  Successful Project Manager that delivers detailed project plans and established timelines to hit project milestones while remaining aware of changes and risks to ensure successful completion for complex projects. Transformational leader developing constructive and cooperative relationships with clients, stakeholders, internal teams and contractors.    Project & Program Management*Change & Risk Management*Strategic Planning*Client Relationship Management  Creative Problem Solving*Agile Project Methodology*Quality Assurance*Facilitative Leadership*Budgeting    Leadership Experience Program Manager Benefit Strategies, LLC 2015 to 2018 TPA - National Employee Benefits Provider    Oversaw full project lifecycle for high-profiled implementation projects while ensuring progression across all timelines and deliverables. Hired and coached qualified team members and confirmed high retention rates by supporting implementations, coaching, and supporting staff. Assessed daily account activity to guarantee all tasks were measured and observed to confirm and address internal obstacles affecting deadlines and project completion.  ? Guided team of 8 project specialists to implement employer HRA/Cobra healthcare benefit plans ($5M annual volume) for +2 years; Increased gross margins 8% first year and 11% subsequent year.  ? Serviced clients such as Boston Red Sox, Stamford Health, UMass Amherst, and Atrius Health.  ? Originated process improvement standards to optimize logistics, lessen risks and cultivate efficient implementations with faster rate of completion. Cloud Sales Specialist Birch Communications 2013 to 2015 Security & Infrastructure Specialist Anixter International, Inc 2012 to 2013 Major Account Manager PAETEC Communications, Inc 2002 to 2012 Application Proficiency  Fluent in Microsoft Office* SharePoint* Slack*Jira*Smartsheet*Confluence*Bugzilla*LinkWare*Adobe Acrobat* Ekahau Site Survey Project Manager Anixter International, Inc 1994 to 2002 Distributor - Division of Managed Services    Managed logistics and capabilities of 20 network engineers based on scope and scale of projects, as well as launched Cisco hardware to jobsites. Handled requests for proposals, composed scopes of work, inspected technical Intel, calculated pricing, scheduled projects, and conducted post-mortems. Conceptualized and implemented operational best practices while invoicing major projects.  ? 1st Project Manager to trail-blaze North Region Managed Services Department and made it profitable and well-established division, which eventually became part of AT&T.  ? Orchestrated multiple projects with high rate of success by meeting deliverables and target dates, which resulted in staying on-time, budget, and scope using project methodologies.  ? Captured $5M in annual revenue by maintaining cost recovery matrixes for job profitability and change control for anything out of scope of work. Education BS in Business Management Plymouth State University Skills Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/richsmithjr