Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - IT Solutions Temecula, CA Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager IT Solutions May 2018 to Present Responsible for the overall planning, organizing, and execution of IT based project functions for several Gilead Sciences buildings in Foster City CA, La Verne CA and Oceanside CA. Selected Contributions:  ? Managed the IT and Automation infrastructure buildout for Gilead Sciences' new Pilot Plant Manufacturing Facility in Foster City Ca.  ? Managed the IT infrastructure and Automation buildout for Gilead Sciences' new Research and Development Facility in Foster City Ca.  ? Managed the Dedicated Antenna System (DAS) Buildout for Gilead's Oceanside & La Verne Facilities.  ? Managed the project purchasing, financial reporting and schedules for both the Pilot Plant Manufacturing & the Research and Development Facilities in Foster City Ca.  ? Developed IT Project Standards for the Gilead IT organization worldwide. IT Project Manager Experis - Los Angeles, CA May 2015 to May 2018 Managed the installation of underground fiber connections to the four buildings of Gilead Sciences' Oceanside Ca. Facility  ? Managed the network upgrade for the entire Gilead Sciences' San Dimas site.  ? Designed and built a testing / integration site for the applications that are now used in Gilead's new manufacturing facility in La Verne Ca.  ? Managed the project purchasing, financial reporting and schedules for all Gilead IT projects in La Verne, San Dimas and Oceanside sites. IT Project Manager Ferentina, Inc August 2013 to May 2015 Responsible for the overall planning, organizing, and execution of IT based project functions for several clients. This includes directing all IT project operations to meet customer requirements as well as the support and maintenance of existing applications and development of new technical solutions. Selected Contributions:  ? Supervised the installation of a new wireless infrastructure for a 400 bed hospital.  ? Designed, built and trained client personnel to operate a multiple company Network Operations Center (NOC)  ? Migrated hospital Patient Heath Information (PHI) servers to Amazon Web Services server Cloud infrastructure.  ? Designed, built and trained personnel to operate PCI security infrastructure.  ? Designed IBM Watson Based application that will be used to teach scholarly writing to university students.  ? Acted as Agile coach for a scrum development team of UCS developers. Technical Manager, Communication Network Services Loma Linda University Health March 2010 to June 2013 Performed extensive requirements analysis on network / telephony solution design and engineering, leading a team of 11 network engineers. Selected Contributions:  ? Lead the Loma Linda Hospital Network Infrastructure team during the hospital's Electronic Medical Record (EMR) conversion from Cerner to EPIC based systems.  ? Successfully lead the storage capacity working group during the hospital's EMR conversion.  ? Lead the Network Installation team that installed the network infrastructure at the new Loma Linda Murrieta Hospital.  ? Designed, built and managed the Hospital Network Operations Center (NOC) where all ITL based monitoring occurs.    US Marine Corps (USMC) - Worldwide Locations  Built impressive record of achievement on active service, retired at the rank of Colonel in 2010; career success in development and implementation of multimillion-dollar, enterprise-level surveillance and communications solutions. Senior Operations Director Marine Forces Pacific October 2007 to February 2010 Held full responsibility for Marine Forces Pacific (Forward), Guam and Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI) serving as the first OIC MARFORPAC (FWD), Guam & CNMI spearheading the end-to-end transition of nearly 19K in personnel and dependents from Okinawa, Japan, to Guam and CNMI. Served as the official liaison to top government officials within Guam and CNMI, to facilitate superior relations between USMC personnel and local residents / communities; evaluated, determined, and communicated all aspects of operational requirements concerning property, facilities, utilities, and infrastructure. Selected Contributions:  ? Overhauled an outdated IT infrastructure, leading implementation of a fully independent communications network comprised of both NIPRNET and SIPRNET data communications and Cisco VoIP telephony; renovated existing buildings for administrative headquarters and disaster recovery facilities.  ? Contracted support through defense contract and hired locals, providing training on USMC operations to civilians responsible for community liaising, communications, administration, and logistics.  ? Hosted VIPs and Congressional delegates, presenting overviews of USMC requirements and initiatives.  ? Outstanding performance recognized by presentation of the Legion of Merit Medal, personally, by the Secretary of the Navy; Legislature of Guam passed a resolution of commendation and congratulations for demonstrating consistent respect for the local culture and the USMC impact on communities. Program Director Technology & Innovation - Camp Pendleton, CA December 2005 to October 2007 enabling the full Command, Control, Communications, & Computer (C4) function previously located in Fallujah, Iraq.  ? Designed and launched the Ground-Based Observation & Surveillance System (G-BOSS) within 6 months http://www.pendleton.marines.mil/StaffAgencies/AssistantChiefofStaffG35/TrainingSupportDivision/TrainingDevices/GroundBasedOperationalSurveillanceSystem.aspx, pioneering a blend of tower-mounted and unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-mounted surveillance in tandem with networking, video warehousing, and high-bandwidth IR asset integration serving theater-wide counter-IED operations. The G-BOSS solution is currently being used both the Army and Marine Corps in Iraq and Afghanistan.  ? Lead the team that built the Video Indexing (VIXIN) server that categorized, streamed and stored video from distant points in Iraq to the I MEF HQ for storage and backup.  ? Designed remotely-controlled Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) vehicle with mine roller in tow for detection of buried IEDs, transferring specifications to US Army's Rapid Equipping Force (REF) for construction.  ? Significantly improved operations of robotics operating the Tesla Coil and IED neutralizing device - eliminating EM interference associated with radio-control through wired interface for mounting on mine rollers.  ? Awarded Meritorious Service Medal for substantially improving defensive posture against attacks. Program Director Command & Control Systems January 2004 to December 2005 Pioneered design and implementation of satellite-based data and video communications for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), serving as Assistant Chief of Staff, G6 Command & Control Systems, for I-MEF Forward, spearheading development of the USMC's largest tactical network. Managed 40K technology assets for Command, Control, Communications, & Computer (C4) infrastructure serving 30K personnel. Selected Contributions:  ? Designed, developed, tested, and launched $15M System Wide Area Network (SWAN), enabling satellite-based video / data communications from unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) to Command, Control, Communications, & Computer (C4) Centers; featured send / receive satellite capability, email, VoIP, and conversion of NTSC video via IPTV.  ? Launch of VSWAN mitigated streaming video issues related to bandwidth and competition with mission-critical services; based upon VSWAN success, subsequent systems were tailored to meet specific operations.  ? Assumed responsibility for C4 information assurance and network security serving 5K+ NIPRNET and 3K+ SIPRNET clients; led survivability for USMC's largest tactical network, ensuring contingency and continuity.  ? Appointed as the senior Marine Corps Local Designated Accreditation Authority (DAA) in Iraq.  ? Led integration of newly required system into field infrastructure supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom, enabling a Biometric Automated Toolset System (BATS) for real-time data transmission and local national identification.  ? Recipient of Bronze Star Medal in recognition of extensive contributions to strategic and tactical operations throughout I-MEF Forward Operation Iraqi Freedom efforts.    ** ** ** Additional experience in USMC includes Communications Manager, Information Systems Manager, and Software Analyst; earned an array of medals, honors, and awards , including Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Navy & Marine Corps Commendation Medal, and Navy & Marine Corps Achievement Medal. and a Combat Action Ribbon ** ** ** Education Doctor of Management in Organizational Leadership in Information Systems and Technology University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ Master of Science in Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence De Paul University - Chicago, IL MBA National University - Los Angeles, CA Bachelor of Arts in History University of Illinois - Chicago, IL Skills Information Technology, SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Software Development, Project Management Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Colonel