IT Program Manager/Sr. IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager/Sr. IT Project Manager Nashua, NH Energetic, high capacity, senior IT program and project manager with several years of experience managing complex software development programs/ projects. Team player with strong leadership, and cross-functional collaboration skills, for organizing large teams to drive forward and achieve program deliverables. Possess the unique ability to successfully manage senior level program communication, engagement and expectations while diving into the details at the project level to move project teams forward.   Core Competencies: Technical Project and Program Management, Certified Scrum Master, Technical Leadership, SDLC, Agile, Scrum, Strategic Planning and Budgeting, Collaboration, Relationship Management, Organizational Development Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Program Manager/Sr. IT Project Manager Fresenius Medical Care - Lexington, MA July 2016 to Present Program manager of two enterprise wide critical programs.  The Total Access Care Program, which is the implementation of an end to end dialysis access management solution integrated with Fresenius clinical systems from front end applications through data integration with the enterprise wide data warehouse and business intelligence reporting to direct patient care clinics. In addition, oversight of a portfolio of time sensitive projects related to Fresenius’ enterprise wide data warehouse and business intelligence solutions, such as data warehouse platform migration from IBM Netezza to Oracle Exadata, with integration of additional source data for newly acquired business units, migration of BI solutions from legacy to the new data warehouse and implementation of a new clinical quality tool. Development of the intake process and the overall roadmap for planned work to ensure allocation of technical resources and coordination across projects. Managing the adoption of the data warehouse by analytical teams across the organization.    Sr. IT Project Manager/Technical Program Manager Fidelity Investments - Merrimack, NH March 2014 to June 2016 Successfully delivered a suite of projects, as a key manager, of a complex new platform and integration program at Fidelity called Next Generation Contact Center. Encompasses a new solution for managing voice, email and chat interactions for client facing representatives across the firm. Managing for this initiative an overall project budget of $1.4 million, delivering on time and within budget. Responsible for managing multiple projects to enhance and refine the representative facing desktop application, FocusPoint, to meet a monthly release schedule. Helped manage the software development team transition from a waterfall to scrum development model. Adjusted project management to evolve into program management overseeing and ensuring dependencies, risks and issues across the program were communicated and addressed to keep the scrum teams efficient and delivering quality software on time. Participated in Fidelity’s 4X program which focuses on identifying and delivering the highest business value items via the scrum model to increase quality and speed to market. Budget management includes estimation, forecasting and actual cost analysis. Sr. IT Project Manager/Technical Program Manager Alere Analytics - Lowell, MA November 2012 to March 2014 Managed to completion the Performance Planning & Capacity Testing Project with the objective to increase the scalability and overall performance of client facing applications to meet expected volume increases in 2013. This involved managing and coordination of internal resources and external consulting groups, (RedHat/JBOSS, HP premier partners and Amazon Web Services - AWS) to meet aggressive timelines to test, analyze and optimize existing systems to meet project deliverables. Delivered project on time and within budget.   Manage project team to enhance functionality required to meet federal Meaningful Use certification requirements and satisfy eligible professional clinical quality reporting requirements for reporting in 2014.   Develop and manage detailed schedules, communicate project status to stakeholders, track, manage, and drive issue resolution to maintain project schedule and meet deliverables. Work closely with team leads to build realistic project schedules ensuring successful, on-time delivery of projects.  Influence overall project and program management by educating leadership and project team members in PMP standards through the creation and incorporation of standardized project management templates and processes. IT Project Manager Partners Healthcare - Boston, MA January 2012 to November 2012 Manage project teams in support of the Compass Implementation Program, initially an enterprise wide implementation of Siemen’s Soarian financial and scheduling system which has now transitioned to an Epic financial and clinical implementation. Manage detailed schedules, communicate project status to stakeholders, track, manage, and drive issue resolution to maintain project schedule and meet deliverables. Work closely with resource managers to build realistic project schedules ensuring successful, on-time delivery of projects. Lead PMO initiative to create standardized project management templates to be leveraged throughout the organization. Mentor and train junior project management staff on project management knowledge areas and processes.   Specific projects: Epic enterprise wide site and validation session planning; MedAssets CDM and Crosswalk Consulting Product Implementation; Cobius Audit Manager product implementation; Soarian Via Citrix Pilot; Soarian Performance Testing; Compass 2.0 Reports & Extracts; Soarian Healthcare Query (HCQ) Tool Implementation; IT Project Manager/Technical Program Manager, PMO Health Dialog, Inc September 2007 to December 2011 Lead cross-functional teams through entire project lifecycle across multiple projects establishing milestones, managing resources, scope and timelines. Technical program manager overseeing and managing all provider related projects. Collaborate with other project managers across the organization to improve overall standardized project management processes.   Specific projects: HD Program Code Redesign; Member Data Business Rules Redesign; SMART Registry Re-engineering; CNAMTS Data Operations Migration; CNAMTS Member Portal; HDC3 Application; HEDIS Migration; Sr. Operations Manager, Data Production Management & Report Production Health Dialog, Inc November 2000 to September 2007 Responsible for the overall performance of two production departments. Managed departmental budgets and effectively managed, motivated and developed employees. Implemented on-going management of the organizational structure supporting the evolving needs of the business. Aligned resources to meet or exceed both internal and external customers expectations. Manage quality, cost and service level agreements through the creation of repeatable, sustainable policies, procedures and technologies complying with client quality specifications. Collaborates across the organization to meet organizational strategic goals. Education MA in Couseling 3.9 Rivier College - Nashua, NH 2005 to 2008 BA in Psychology/Business 3.5 Rivier College - Nashua, NH Skills PMP, Project Management, Certified Scrum Master, Microsoft Products, Organizational, Management, Team Building, Facilitation, Time Management, Planning, Technical Leadership, SDLC, Agile, Scrum, Strategic Planning and Budgeting, Collaboration, Relationship Management, Organizational Development, Agile, Project Management, Visio, Change Management, integration, JIRA, Program Management (3 years) Certifications/Licenses PMP June 2012 to Present Project Management Professional Certified Scrum Master September 2014 to Present