IS Operations Manager II IS Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> II IS Operations Manager II - BAE SYSTEMS, HAFB, UT Syracuse, UT Work Experience IS Operations Manager II BAE SYSTEMS, HAFB, UT December 2016 to Present • Lead technical operations to support overall company goals and strategic directives.  • Build SaaS business case models in the context of the impact of quality or lack of quality on Profit & Loss, cost and schedule.  • Lead SaaS development/deployment teams to deliver new products and deploy product updates.  • Develop strategic vision/roadmap and transform requirements into features / feature specs for product development.  • Working knowledge of CMMI, ISO9001, AS9100 and AS9102 compliance requirements.  • Highly organized with the ability to complete at high volume of projects and task with minimal  guidance and short deadlines utilizing Agile and Waterfall methodologies.  • Lead employees by driving exceptional service to maximize teamwork & production efficiency.  • Research and analyze data for current and future workload costs and gather data for lean initiatives  or process improvements.  • Identify and lead the implementation of system requirements, process improvements, and customer deployments.  • Contribute to proposal preparation and contract terms negotiation for Government contracts.  • Lead application deployment and network architecture to meet DFARS and FARS requirements in multiple lab environments. IT Program/Product Manager DYNO NOBEL - Salt Lake City, UT March 2016 to December 2016 Deliver large scope IT acquisition projects by evaluating, selecting and implementing leading-edge    hardware and software solutions.  • Backlog grooming, planning and vision refinement sessions with stakeholders and workgroups.  • Manage and report on budgets, resources, and return on investment for large concurrent projects.  • Collaborate with project/product stakeholders to develop and execute strategic roadmaps.  • Facilitate cross-functional steering committee and provide status updates to senior leadership.  • Utilized Earned Value Management System (EVMS) to report to leadership.  • Responsible for preparing, examining, analyzing, negotiating, and revising contractual language in contracts and subcontracts  • Led proposal development teams for future Government contracts. IT/BD Project Manager Intermountain Healthcare - Midvale, UT August 2014 to March 2016 • Led 15 business development efforts to achieve $30M in recurring yearly sales.  • Supervised the workload of 2 direct and 15 cross functional employees.  • Utilized Earned Value Management System (EVMS) to report project performance to leadership.  • Led software development team to build and deploy "SPRING" operating room software.  • Presented recurring executive leadership presentations and facilitated project evaluations and process improvement initiatives.  • Designed and implemented a comprehensive tracking processes to monitor Capture Management / Business Development performance.  • Implemented corporate wide IT projects utilizing Agile, Scrum, and Lean methodologies.  • Delivered corporate wide Oracle Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) project utilizing Agile and Lean  methodologies. Procurement Lead/ IT Project Manager SLRMC - Salt Lake City, UT September 2012 to August 2014 • Led implementation effort for automated tracking system to measure/improve business operations.  • Developed and led technical trainings for new software implementation.  • Managed daily and project workload of 5 direct and 20 matrixed employees.  • Investigated and tested software applications to replace a legacy MMIS.  • Negotiated complex contract requirements for government and non-government contracts.  • Obtained import documentation, certifications, and approvals from state and federal agencies. Program Manager RC Willey - Salt Lake City, UT September 1999 to September 2012 • Led corporate initiative to stand up metrics and performance tracking software solution.  • Developed a high performing team through training, mentoring, and coaching.  • Reviewed proposals and negotiated contracts with worldwide suppliers.  • Presented opportunities for improvement, budget reduction, and staff development to senior  leadership.  • Managed workload of 25 direct reports focused on Supply Chain operations and IT development  and deployment.  • Led process improvement efforts and developed KPI reporting for senior leadership. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Columbia Southern University - Orange Beach, AL Bachelor of Science in Health Administration Services Weber State University - Ogden, UT Skills Deployment, Saas, Process development, Customer relationship management, Program management, Budget management, Budget, Business development, Relationship management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-johnson-56111a42 Additional Information Expertise  • Team Leadership and Employee • Effective Communication Across all  Development Business Functions  • Project/Program Management • Leading SaaS Development/Deployment  • Process Development and Improvement Teams  • Business Development • Customer Relationship Management  • Budget Management • Strategic Management and Business  • Technical Systems Knowledge Planning