IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Clearpoint, A Professional Placement Agency Manvel, TX A PMP-certified Senior Project Manager with 10-year experience in IT project delivery and 10 years in IT operations, habitually striving for new ways to improve delivery efficiency and effectiveness. A customer-facing, people-centered leader, who works closely together with cross-functional global teams, collaborates skillfully with business stakeholders to create positive partnerships for on-time, within budget and scope delivery. A persistent communicator, with a proven record of success managing internal and external stakeholders through various communication channels from regular team standups, informal conversations to formal technical workshops, compliance sign-off, management presentations and steering committee meetings. Work Experience IT Project Manager Clearpoint, A Professional Placement Agency January 2019 to Present Targa Resources needs an experienced IT PM to lead cross-functional projects with challenging timelines. Key responsibilities include project planning, scheduling, and tracking application migration activities, and on-time, within budget & scope delivery.  • Delivering Data Center Consolidation project, by collaborating with hundreds of stakeholders to generate and execute project plans, while seeking collective efforts for issue / risk resolutions to ensure all involved stakeholders aligned early on.  • On-time, within budget and scope deliveries of Oracle Financials Security Remediation and HR SaaS application implementation.    Genuent, A Professional Placement Agency  JLT Group ? 2018 ? 5 mos  IT Infrastructure Project Manager  JLT needed an IT PM with vendor resource management experience. Key responsibilities included onshore, offshore vendor resource management to deliver North America Transformation program, consolidating 4 on-premise data centers onto one centralized Azure Cloud, duties included daily prioritizing tasks based on project critical paths, coordinating and leading daily stand-ups, facilitating technical design workshops, tracking and managing issues / risks including escalations to remove blockers. Created trackers to ensure gaps are closed.  • Lead role in finalizing project plan. Coached multiple individuals / teams to create effective project plans to enable optimal activity monitoring / tracking.  • Managed IT service providers such as HCL and Bell partners. Regular follow-ups, meetings, and escalations to ensure milestones reached, issues resolved, and risks managed in a timely manner.  • Collaborated with both technical and business communities to safeguard network designs. Sr. IT PM ? 7 mos T-SYSTEMS NORTH AMERICA July 2008 to February 2018 Requested by management to join a challenging transformation program. Key responsibilities included customer relationship management to ensure customer expectations aligned with its IT priorities, in addition to delivering security upgrade / re-IP projects.    • Certified Sr. PM by Deutsche Telekom PMO Board in Frankfurt, T-Systems' Parent Company  • Analyzed scope of work and secured management buy-in. Customer's Atlanta data center was near end-of-lease and had to be vacated within a compressed schedule. Identified a scope shortfall, worked with teams to close the gap, and presented quantitative scope of work to management and received the green light to move forward with data center strategic exit planning.  • Developed a winning plan under time constraint. Within a tight timeline, took sub-plans from team members, created an integrated plan in time for a subsequent management presentation, used as foundation for future iterations of the data center strategic exit plans.  • Coordinated efforts for 20+ site network re-IP / WiFi expansion / security software upgrade projects.    IT PM on Royal Dutch Shell Account ? Jul 2008 - Aug 2017? 9 yrs ? 1 mo  As a customer-facing PM, managed multiple IT enterprise-wide projects on behalf of Shell, as a customer-facing PM. Responsible for writing investment proposals / project charters, defining project scopes / measurable targets, identifying / escalating scope changes, and presenting to steering committees.  • Turned around AWS cloud migration project by identifying shortfalls and design tactical action plans to address top issues related to resourcing, scoping, implementation strategies, and lack of processes, working closely with team to be the first completing AWS migration among 5 Shell business units. Mentored and coached college interns on stakeholder / expectation management, and management presentation.  • Collaborated with a vendor SAP PM, together we led an international core team of 10+ technical and functional specialists, successfully migrated legacy SAP/R3 on a condensed timeline of 6 months from Windows servers in the US to Suse Linux in a German Data Center.  • Delivered 4 remote Cloud platforms in 4 countries, by working closely with local IT, networking, server and storage engineers, enabling Shell to begin R&D lab modernization. Sr. Data Analyst Shell Oil Products - Houston, TX 2001 to 2008 7 yrs ? 3mos  Managed outsourcing vendors and facilitated outsourcing transition meetings with multiple stakeholder groups, internal & external. In charge of middleware and Oracle upgrade and remediation projects. Led query performance tuning. Implemented and presented Oracle new features to the developer communities.  • Received Shell Performance Share Award for regional IT Outsourcing Transition Project, free from IT systems or staffing incidents pre- & post-Service Commencement day. Led the regional Outsourcing project with 4 partners, Shell, HP, T-Systems, and AT&T.  • Received multiple Shell Awards for successful middleware and Oracle upgrades in addition to query performance improvement.  • Requested on-site to assist another DBA resolve unexpected issues during Shell's first data warehouse Disaster Recovery (DR) drill in 2006 and received Shell Super Awards for outstanding performance for 2006 DR drill.  • Mentored and coached Junior database administrators and promoted standards in data warehouses and data marts. Education MBA University of Houston - Houston, TX MS in Computer Science Harbin University of Science & Technology - Harbin, CN Skills DATABASE, ORACLE, ORACLE FINANCIALS, SQL, HADOOP, Itil, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Software Development, SDLC, PM, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses PMI November 2007 to Present