Manager, Restaurant Systems, Contract <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Restaurant Systems, Contract Manager, Restaurant Systems, Contract - TACO MAC Powder Springs, GA • 15+ years Technical Project Manager- full cycle projects in Point of Sale (POS), inventory management, hardware refreshes, software upgrades, software integrations, helpdesk services, and implementation.  • 10+ years Change Management, Delivery and Execution Project Manager- creating consistent, repeatable and sustainable processes within a technology roadmap. Created best practices, SWOT analysis, process improvements and methodologies.  • 10+ years Director of Restaurant Systems - established technology strategy to align store system in the fields of services, networking, PCI-PADSS, security and infrastructure.  • 10+ years Technology Trainer - Developed training, documentation and execution for QSR franchisees, managers and cashiers. Developed training programs for inventory management, recipes, cash management and audit.  • 10+ year Technology Construction Manager - Review construction documents to ensure their completeness and within the established standards. Conduct pre-construction meetings and establish construction time frames and expectations. Conduct on-site inspections of the project for conformance to plans and specifications and monitor progress against the established schedule. Review/approve work orders, change orders, draw requests, and any other development invoices. Oversee final inspections, obtain occupancy permit and handle go live support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Restaurant Systems, Contract TACO MAC - Atlanta, GA August 2018 to March 2019 • Manage all IT functions for 29 restaurants • Prepare for Aloha v6.7 upgrade to Aloha v12.3 and Windows 10 • Manage all areas in NBO, CMC, and CFC for 29 restaurants • Handle all AP for the IT department • Responsible for all 3rd party software relationships, contracts and renewals IT Project Manager STARR RESTAURANT - Philadelphia, PA March 2018 to May 2018 • Project manager for the Aloha/ADP integration and rollout • Normalize the Aloha v6.7 data prior to upgrade to v15.1 • Upgrade Aloha CMC to Aloha CFC v6.7 and RAL v15.1 • Roll out RAL v17.1 to all locations and upgrade Aloha v15.1 IT Support Services Consultant RED LOBSTER - Orlando, FL August 2017 to November 2017 • Review and analyze service contracts for restaurant technologies, including SOW, SLA's and reporting • Review and recommend helpdesk procedures, effectiveness of ticket creation, ticket closing and effectiveness of helpdesk knowledge base • Provide knowledge transfer in areas of construction technologies, service s desk processes, and roll outs. This included the identification of updates to construction plans for new restaurants. IT POS PM Consultant THE KRYSTAL COMPANY - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to August 2017 • Lead the vendors for transition and implementation of new Point of Sale system (POS) • Review and analyze vendor services to ensure SLA's are met • Serve as technical expert for implementations, risk recommendations and gap analysis. Manager of Franchisee Technologies POPEYES LOUISIANA KITCHEN - Atlanta, GA November 2007 to March 2016 • Served as Project Manager on in store managed firewalls for PCI compliance • Delivered consistent, repeatable and sustainable processes with strong customer service levels to restaurant management teams through best practices and continuous process improvement.  • Managed Hardware and Software vendors for brand -Xpient, Sicom, Trustwave, Retail Radio, Ackerman Security, Mirus, Xformity, and Syrus • Created problem resolution with POS and BackOffice System vendors on hardware, software, application hosting, maintenance, catalog management and other services with restaurants.  • Managed and coordinated the purchase, implementation and installation of Restaurant POS, PCs, Back Office configuration for new and existing restaurants.  • Managed and stabilized broken relations with main IT vendors, turning them into partners.  • Provided and ensured accurate POS and Back Office security, workflow management reporting, and accounting implementation.  • Responsible for implementing the scope physical site planning, cost, schedule, installation and training of new company POS system • Served as point person to establish and maintain strong partnerships with vendors. Project Manager CORNERSTONE SYSTEMS, INC - Kennesaw, GA February 2006 to November 2007 • Managed TechCenter and TechBackup accounts outsource technical support to CSI.  • Prepared proposals, hour estimates, RFP/RFQ/RFI responses, and statements of work.  • Managed a variety of projects hardware installation, hardware and software migrations, system assessments and best practices implementations.  • Prepared service estimate proposals, RFP/RFQ/RFI responses and Statements of Work.  • Coordinated and communicated all aspects of multiple projects.  • Set deadlines, assigned responsibilities, monitor and summarize progress for clients. Project Manager-Consultant AVADO BRANDS, INC - Madison, GA July 2005 to January 2006 Director of Restaurant Systems HUDDLE HOUSE, INC - Decatur, GA November 2003 to May 2005 • Led a team to successfully image, stage, install and train 300 POS upgrades • Responsible for POS system design, testing, quality assurance, service management, project management, implementation, training, change management and support. Manager Restaurant Services May 2001 to October 2003 • Rolled out / installed Menu Link to 98 Don Pablo's Restaurants.  • Created, implemented and managed the roll out schedule for 98 restaurants.  • Worked with the restaurants troubleshooting of inventory variances.  • Manager of Restaurant Services for 131 to improve manager time spent on technology • Produced SQL reports from Micros database for executive management • Configured tested, scheduled and rolled out 131-stores Micro RES3000 upgrades • Tested, certified, and rolled out Micros gift cards application through Valuelink.  • Assisted with the conversion of 131 stores to Frame Relay. telecom • Updated menu items and prices for Don Pablos and Hops via Micros Database Management tool.  • Point of contact for all Vendor services and support Education Associate Skills Jira (Less than 1 year), Kitchen (Less than 1 year), Point of sale (10+ years), NCR NBO (10+ years), NCR CFC CMC (10+ years), Micros 3700 (6 years), QSR (10+ years), POS Training (10+ years), Fast Food Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lja0h0snjtml4ijn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS  • Aloha-CMD, CFC certified 2018 Syrus Systems  • Micros RES3700 certified Xformity  • Xpient POS Sicom POS  • Mirus Valuelink  • Bomgar Service Now  • Smartsheet Office 365  • JIRA Slack  • Zendesk NCR NBO certified 2018  PROJECTS/ROLL OUTS  • Hardware Refresh Kitchen Display System Roll out  • Online Ordering Table Management Systems  • PED Replacement Printer Refresh  • VoIP Network Refresh (Switches)  • Customer Wifi Gift Cards