Technical Project Lead Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> Lead Technical Project Lead - Ronco Specialized Summerville, SC Results-oriented professional proficient at integrating computer skills, customer support, and education to meet client needs. Professionally certified by Microsoft, with a wide variety of qualifications that include:    • Management of relationships between external business partners and the vendor development processes  • Maintenance and updating of resources within the company and outside staff relating to marketing activities.  • Insurance of rapid resolution to IT issues by working side by side with systems operations staff, software developers, support staff, and end-users.  • Knowledge and experience in working with a wide variety of technologies. Work Experience Technical Project Lead Ronco Specialized - Summerville, SC May 2017 to Present • Responsible for the installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of electronic communications systems; delivering high quality customer service in a timely manner.  • Perform and coordinate installation, programming, troubleshooting, and maintenance of communication equipment.  • Terminate cabling at headend rack locations.  • Document changes to project drawings 'as-builds' as necessary.  • Attend/conduct project meetings with installation or construction personnel and assist with scheduling and installation.  • Communicate project progress/changes to customers, the Company and technical staff.  • Assist in coordinating shipping of project equipment.  • Assist in generating RFI's and executing project change orders with sales personnel as necessary.  • Provided training to customers or end user personnel on operation and maintenance of systems.  • Provide effective 'on call' support.  • Attend job related training, as offered by the Company as well as self-driven learning efforts.  • Acquire technical certifications as needed for the job.  • Mentor, train, and share knowledge with others, as required. Biomedical Equipment Support Specialist Ralph H - Johnson, VA, US March 2016 to February 2017 Medical Center  Charleston SC (Contract for Infotech Innovations)  • Responsible for the medical equipment and systems at the Ralph H Johnson VA Medical Center and its Satellite Clinics while assigned to the Biomedical Section of the Facilities Management Service. Systems included configuration of all VPN's used for internal medical systems, Network design and installation of new systems, Nurse Call maintenance of West call and some Rauland responder along with troubleshooting wiring issues.  • Responsible for Vocera system concerning daily operation, troubleshooting, maintenance and training for hospital employees.  • Served as consultant to the clinical and administrative staff on technical principles concerning clinical applications and implemented integration of Dame ware to help manage, support users and to better manage offsite Active Directory configurations.  • Was responsible for comprehensive technical support of highly complex medical and non-medical systems such as physiological monitoring; cardiac arrhythmia; life support equipment; lasers; respiratory equipment; radiographic equipment or systems; laboratory equipment; audiometers; radio transmission equipment; telemetry equipment and computers and associated networks along with numerous pieces of sophisticated biomed instrumentation and systems.  • Performed duties of a broad scope and complexity including analyzing; diagnosing; developing and planning and troubleshooting network design and configurations while maintaining a high level of security as dictated per government specifics and best practices.  • Build and configured servers using VMware to keep clinics separate with their own instances and built a reporting method that allowed the VA to monitor each location but also report to better manage patient wait times and appointment setting.  • Was responsible for recommending, develop, implement, redesign, reconfigure or modify operating procedures to reduce equipment failure, eliminate hazards or enhance reliability and reliability.  • Performed scheduled and unscheduled maintenance on equipment to ensure that this equipment is operating and calibrated properly and is in compliance with codes and standards. Store Manager / IT Technician Stratton Mountain Market & Deli - Stratton, VT August 2013 to March 2016 • Provide customer service to all customers and aide in their shopping experience  • Provided leadership to employees and enforced all policies and procedures  • In charge of all aspects of ordering and maintaining inventories.  • Worked closely with other businesses to develop positive relationships.  • Crossed trained employees to be able to function in all levels of the different positions throughout the company  • Provided computer support and maintained Point of sales systems for 3 different businesses  • Configured, deployed and maintained iPad based point of sales systems.  • Responsible for all repairs, application development, RMA, MDM and device management (JAMF).  • Maintained inventories and databases to provide real time reporting and accurate product counts, costs and profits.  • Responsible for creation of weekly work schedules and maintaining proper staffing levels at all times.  • Created trend reports to allow for more accurate ordering from many different vendors.  • Maintained professional approach and helped to create a customer first attitude. Project Manager C.S Lewis Foundation - Northfield, MA February 2010 to August 2013 • Direct and manage project development from beginning to end.  • Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management.  • Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.  • Effectively communicate project expectations to team members in a timely and clear fashion.  • Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  • Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  • Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary.  • Where required, negotiate with other department managers for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company.  • Determine and assess need for additional staff and/or consultants and make the appropriate recruitments if necessary during project cycle.  • Set and continually manage project expectations with team members and other  • Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  • Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas.  • Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.  • Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.  • Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work. Technical Support Manager J.D Associates - Leominster, MA November 2007 to January 2010 • Analyze customer POS (Point of sale) product issues within released applications.  • Work with product development, R & D and other internal departments to resolve issues, develop solutions to minimize cycle time for problem resolution, and make improvements for future releases.  • Collaborate with team members to share knowledge of issues and corresponding resolutions or workarounds.  • Develop training materials and web based support materials.  • Support to the Technical Support Center, Sales, Value Added Resellers (VARS), Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), and high profile corporate customers. Education Batchelor of Arts in Christian studies Grand Canyon University September 2012 to May 2016 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Texas Tech University - Lubbock, TX August 1988 to December 1992 Skills Devops, Java Military Service Branch: USN Service Country: United States Rank: GSM3 June 1982 to August 1988 Gas Turbine Systems Mechanics (GSM) operate, repair and perform organizational and intermediate maintenance on mechanical components of gas turbine engines, main propulsion machinery including gears, shafts, and controllable pitch propellers; and assigned auxiliary equipment and propulsion control systems.  In addition to maintaining and repairing gas turbine engines and auxiliary equipment, these sailors work with blueprints, schematics and charts, perform administrative procedures related to gas turbine propulsion system operation and maintenance, and conduct work area inspections.    They also test lubricating oil and distillate fuels for contamination, neutralization, and precipitation, operate standard test equipment and stop engines to check for proper performance. They replace and adjust the operating tolerance of various equipment, such as contacts, microswitches, relay switches, pressure switches and temperature switches, and operate electric plant control and main propulsion equipment.    Also on the list of equipment they repair and inspect are operating pumps, turning gear, air compressors, oil purification systems, low-pressure air dehydrators and engineering control systems. They perform preventive maintenance on ships' fuel and air systems, maintain sea water service systems, waste drain systems, oil purification systems and manually operated valves. Commendations: Navy Sea Deployment Service Ribbon  Meritorious Unit service Ribbon Certifications/Licenses Driver's License 10 Hour Occupational Safety and Health Training course Present 10 Hour OSHA Training Assessments Workplace English — Highly Proficient August 2019 Understanding spoken and written English in work situations. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/iu-ninnn75iqvecd Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.