Collections Clerk Collections Clerk Collections Clerk Birmingham, AL Work Experience Collections Clerk World Acceptance Corporation November 2010 to June 2018 Process legal forms, draft legal motions and documents, work with court staff and Judges, law enforcement, Special Process Servers, Garnishee's, branch staff and supervisors, and Defendants for the processing of lawsuits in an effort to collect monies owed to the company. Also update and retrieve information from AlaCourt, AlaFile, Pacer, and LexisNexis software systems, and proficient Windows applications. Process daily mail to and from courts, file Judgments, Liens, Garnishments, Writs of Execution, and other legal processes. Process payments using electronic debit payment software and process daily deposits for multiple states. Manage heavy caseloads and meet all deadlines. IT Project Manager Computer Sciences Corporation July 2007 to May 2008 Responsible for all IT voice and data projects involving 4 hospitals, clinics, administration and support buildings, and physician offices including upgrading and replacement of approximately 4000 computers, consolidated electronic billing of all voice, data, long distance, and cell phone services, and department relocations. Director, Telecommunications St. Vincent Health System January 1992 to July 2007 Supervised switchboard operators and on-site contracted technician, oversaw PBX phone system with approximately 3000 phone sets, key phone systems at multiple facilities, fiber & carrier remote phone systems, voice mail, call accounting, messaging on hold, voice recording systems, ACD (automatic call distribution) and call centers. Extensive knowledge of AT&T voice and data services, as well as various long distance and cell phone services and vendors. Receptionist/Secretary Pennsylvania Life Insurance Company May 1990 to January 1992 Responsible for answering and routing of calls, coordinating telephone problems with equipment vendor, screening applicants, and other various clerical duties including filing, processing incoming and outgoing mail, etc. Education Business Curriculum Jefferson State Jr 1978 to 1979 Northern Telecom Training Institute - Richardson, TX Skills Budgeting, Strategic planning, Contract negotiations, Rfp, Systems analysis, Excellent written, Purchasing, Collections, training, Customer Service Skills, Accounts Receivable Assessments Intermediate Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Word techniques including the use of formatting, Track Changes, and Comments. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/aub2nd391poyaqu Customer Focus & Orientation — Highly Proficient August 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kqyhaki0gf6k7ez3 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS    Administrative: Department management, strategic planning, budgeting and purchasing, contract negotiations/RFP development, systems analysis, consulting, strong supervisor skills including assessment, planning, implementation, and evaluation, well equipped for human relation issues, extensive experience interacting with and influencing administrative staff and Physicians.  Personal: Quick learner, intuitive, reliable, flexible, ability to multitask, excellent written and interpersonal skills.