Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - LJH DEVELOPMENT, LLC Pittsburgh, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager LJH DEVELOPMENT, LLC - Pittsburgh, PA August 1994 to Present Managed over $2.7MM in rehab and property assets of single family and multi-family units in Pittsburgh neighborhoods. Provided quality housing for families in need through affordable programs such as the Housing Authority of the City of Pittsburgh and Community Human Services.    • Developed scope of work (SOW) and prioritized tasks in order to ensure successful delivery of quality projects were on time and within budget.  • Executed and maintained management processes and disciplines in the areas of scheduling and quality production, communication, cost and procurement management.  • Collaborate with lenders, local officials and community members to develop transition plans, including ongoing development. Project Manager USTech Solutions / PNC BANK - Pittsburgh, PA November 2018 to January 2019 Provide project management support for the PNC 2020 Vision third party risk vendor project. Streamlined third-party vendor contracts by integrating contract management systems, data control, risk identification, and processing.  • Develop, contribute and implement third-party vendor contract engagements to support product, channel or capabilities, through process design, process improvements, business and technical requirements documentation and information sharing; worked with vendors to identify and recommend improvements to management and implement a full-scale training program, as well as, project plan, timelines and status reporting.  • Created weekly update reports using MS Project and PowerPoint to track and monitor project progress and assigned SME's/teams action items reach weekly sprints and milestones. Project Manager IT Randstad Staffing / BNY MELLON - Pittsburgh, PA June 2018 to November 2018 Drove Cloud Migration - Managed Phase III and Phase IV of New York 240 Greenwich Street corporate cloud migration. Coordinated workflow with TSG, GS & GSRE for the installation and denomination of all network (VDS) and audio-visual rooms.  • Collaborated with IT, HR, construction management and third-party vendors to transfer teams to cloud computing network while assisting with remodeling efforts.  • Attend meetings with the architect, interior designer, space planner, electrical and mechanical engineers to determine basic systems and performance criterion for each part of the project.  • Gathered computer, telecommunications, audio-visual and office equipment data from team leads to assess teams' requirements for their cloud migration and office relocation. Program & Project Manager / Lead Analyst Randstad Staffing / BNY MELLON - Pittsburgh, PA July 2015 to September 2017 Led Asset Servicing technologies for Bridgewater's Associates $125B worth of assets, around trade processing, data warehousing, accounting, performance measurement, and trading to create a comprehensive middle and back office outsourcing solution.    • Responsible for daily Executive status report, coordinated and lead daily project calls, tracking project performance baseline schedule, and project expenditures.  • SME defect reports SME's for monitoring and controlling project progress; allocating resources appropriately, reducing team project spending and increase productivity.  • Used Agile methodology and modified Scrum Stand-Up meetings for domestic and international teams to improve daily compares efficiency by 25% and reduce redundancy compare breaks identified by 20%.  • Performed and daily compares between accounting software to identify system breaks, corresponded with SME's and conducted integration testing.  • Lead geographically and culturally diverse cross-functional teams for large projects across departmental and business units. Derivatives Specialist April 2015 to June 2015 Organized timely and accurate processing of Exchange Traded, and Over the Counter derivatives, Swaps, Futures, Options and Forward FX. Worked closely with internal operations areas including IDA, Accounting, ISS, Security Lending, Global and Domestic Settlements, and investment managers and brokers.    • Developed quality control process for verify accurate calculation of daily gain/loss on futures contracts, reconciling currency balances required for net forward settlement, reducing rework 25%. Substitute Teacher PITTSBURGH PUBLIC SCHOOOLS - Pittsburgh, PA August 2014 to April 2015 Establish and support strong classroom management and discipline, promote an active culture of inquiry, and a positive learning environment within the classroom. Project Manager Notary LJH DEVELOPMENT, LLC - Pittsburgh, PA June 2012 to July 2014 Led large-scale engagements to support product, channel, or capabilities. Developed, contributed, and implemented process design, improvements, and technical requirements documentation and information sharing. Designed, developed, and deployed training curriculums and courseware.    • Notarizing loans and other legally binding documents within the foreclosure department, in accordance with Federal regulations. Responsible forsworn documents, sworn oath and verification of employee documents. Operations Project Manager LJH DEVELOPMENT, LLC - Pittsburgh, PA April 2010 to June 2012 Arranged project management support over commercial loan paperless project. Work with senior management and stakeholders to create workflow and identify project risk.    • Performed routine analytical review of data and documentation which included customer data and review for fraud, risk activities and Federal audits. Increase in work production by 30%.  • Designed and implemented new test runs to improve efficiency, determine workflow and enrich internal/external customer satisfaction. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Business Point Park University - Pittsburgh, PA Skills Change Management (Less than 1 year), Mentoring (Less than 1 year), Quantitative (Less than 1 year), Quantitative Analysis (Less than 1 year), trading (2 years), Scheduling, maintenance, Outlook, budget Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lancejayharrell