Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Culver City, CA Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager WEILL CORNELL MEDICINE - New York, NY August 2015 to July 2019 • Responsible for full lifecycle project management of multiple IT Projects. Defined project scope, goals and deliverables in support of business goals, and worked with management and stakeholders for approvals.  • Created and maintained project documentation including; charters, schedules, status reports and change requests.  • Estimated resources needed and work effort for all project activities and negotiated with resource managers to ensure that the appropriate resources were assigned to achieve project goals. Recorded actual time spent on each project and reported on variance between forecasted. Maintained resource capacity plans for actively managed projects.  • Identified, communicated and managed project issues and provided prudent risk response.  • Monitored and controlled execution phases to ensure that projects were completed on time and met all business and system requirements.  • Took an active role in representing the initiatives of the Project Management Office (PMO), developing new initiatives to ensure growth of the PMO, training both ITS and non ITS WCM staff on frameworks and supporting fellow team members by providing guidance on policies and procedures, as well as coverage on projects when needed. Senior Operations Specialist WEILL CORNELL MEDICINE - New York, NY September 2011 to August 2015 • Planned and executed innovative strategies to achieve objectives for infrastructure improvement; and coordinated resources with senior management in the Minimally Invasive Technology Program (MINT).  • Coordinated with Information Technology services regarding IT audits, maintenance, upgrades and acquisition of new software and hardware, as well as IT policies.  • Ensured the timely adherence to deliverable schedules; managed the activities and data needs of the MINT team; kept senior leadership informed of progress, barriers to progress with proposed solutions.  • Recruited, developed, trained, oriented new temporary and permanent employees; supervised and monitored administrative staff and implemented performance improvement measures as required. Operations Specialist WEILL CORNELL MEDICINE - New York, NY July 2008 to September 2011 • Contributed ideas and streamlined procedures to resolve numerous project issues including tactical matters, scope creep and divergent business user needs.  • Directed and ensured the administrative functions of the Department's Residency Program.  • Initiated continual efforts to improve operations to achieve business targets by identifying opportunities to employ IT to enhance business opportunities.  • Created structure, transparency and improved internal/external procedures by creating manuals and guide books for Dermatology residents and staff. Education M.B.A in Management Information Systems Long Island University - New York, NY 2014 B.A. in Communications Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA 2006