Fraud Team Lead Fraud Team Lead Fraud Team Lead - Walmart Rogers, AR Work Experience Fraud Team Lead Walmart 2016 to Present I investigate complex orders for fraud trends that affect customer financial and identity  information. I complete work assignments and priorities that comply with company  policies, procedures, and standards of ethics and integrity. Work with my team to excel  Walmart guidelines and expectations.    Payments Contact Center  I have experience working on 9920 chargeback, PIP (Pay In Person) write off, payments  which includes refunds, billing, tracking orders, assisting customers with concerns about their orders, verifying orders to prevent fraud. During the first quarter reports, I am  considered exceeding and almost role model status. I was awarded champion  Recognition for my performance. I assist the other agents when they have questions or need help to finish work before the deadline. I have strong customer service skills and the ability to resolve the concerns before the seven minute requirement. I am familiar  with UNO, Accertify, Citrix, Clientline and Avocado software.    Walmart David Glass Technology Center  Project Manager (Scrum Master)  I have accomplished most of my project items before their required deadlines which saved money for the company and released them to be able to start early on other tasks  and concentrate on the remaining items that are not yet finished. I am responsible for leading projects from its inception to execution. This includes planning,  execution and managing the people, resources and scope of the project.  I am responsible for 3 projects which included multiple products within each project and multiple teams within each project. These projects were VDI (Virtual Desktop  Infrastructure), Productivity Applications (Microsoft Office Products, Inquisium, You  Earned It, Poll Everywhere), and Edge Networking (Wired and Wireless communications within the stores and the customer experience). IT/Service technician General Office Supply 2007 to 2016 I would communicate with businesses about any requirements that need to be  met to effectively install equipment, software on the network servers and then I  would plan accordingly and surpass their expectations.  Install, service and repair office networks and any size copy machine.  Maintain local business network and update terminals for point of sale functions.  Install business software that is requested by any company.  Manage the service department alone when the manager and other technicians are  away on calls or vacation. Co- Manager/ Project Manager KMART 2001 to 2003 I would associate with customers, employees to provide exceptional customer service  and control the operations of the store which includes revenue, data storage, receiving and store layouts.    IT Project Manager  I was the project manager responsible to manage a large team for upgrading IT  systems within KMART infrastructure to Super KMART. I tasked each team with different projects which included wiring, servers installs and point of sale equipment. I  was able to complete each site project ahead of schedule and below budget. Manager Walmart 1999 to 2001 I was responsible for making the customer experience enjoyable. I constantly review and obtained a balanced cash office and managed associates to make sure they follow  all guidelines. Area Manager CheckPoint Systems 1997 to 1999 I was the area manager for the New Orleans area and I was responsible for installing  and maintaining RF anti-theft antennas and CCTV equipment in businesses. Some of the companies were Winn-Dixie, Rite Aid, Libraries and Post Offices. I managed my area  by communicating with the customers about installs or resolving issues onsite or by phone. Flight control Specialist USAF 1992 to 1996 I was in a group of 6 people tasked to test out a new cargo aircraft and to make sure it  worked within the military guidelines. We accomplished this task and the USAF  purchased this aircraft. This Aircraft has now been used in several military operations  across the world and in movies. The aircraft was a fly by wire configuration and I had to maintain all the flight computers, network, data bus lines and electronic  motors so that the aircraft was flight worthy.    Military Police  I was required to protect the base and airfield from terrorists and to police the military  personnel when needed. I am a marksman with firearms and expert field course.    Operations of Special Investigations (OSI) Education Springdale High School Skills Microsoft Office, Inventory, training Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E4