Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts OnBase Consultant Hebron, NE Work Experience Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts 2016 to Present OnBase Administrator  • Participated in requirement gathering sessions with business owners, business analysts and team members to analyze business requirements and proposing solutions.  • Analyzed all the aspects of a business activity, including processes (both manual and automated), data, inputs, outputs and the related stakeholders.  • Participated in design reviews and provide input to the design recommendations; incorporate security requirements into design; and provide input to information/data flow.  • Maintaining work plans, incident tracking, error tracking, and documentation required to effectively manage deliverables and expectations consistent with business requirements.  • Discovered, Designed and Implemented OnBase Workflow Solutions.  • Performed business process analysis and document the requirements of the solution.  • Provided accurate estimates and manage project work to ensure completion in a timely manner  • Provided professional solutions by translating business process requirements into a technical solution through design, implementation, testing, and training.  • Conducted and documented business discovery with stakeholders to determine functional requirements of the OnBase solution.  • Collaborated with other Business users and Vendor expertise in delivering and supporting OnBase solutions.  • Diagnosed and troubleshoot operational issues impacting deployed OnBase solutions  • Assisted with identifying and documenting best practices and challenges associated with configuring OnBase solutions.  • Interacted with all levels of management, users, testers, technical staff, vendor staff, as well as internal and external customers, business partners, and stakeholders to ensure effective and satisfactory automated solutions.  • Conducted research on emerging application development software products, languages, and standards in support of development efforts.  • Recommended, scheduled, and performed software improvements and upgrades. IT Lead STATE OF NEBRASKA 1999 to 2016 • Recruited back to take a lead role in departmental IT systems implementation.  • Became Enterprise Content Management Administrator.  • Converted an existing paper process to a electronic workflow process in Execute 360  • Designed, developed, and upgraded an existing electronic workflow process to OnBase Solution.  • Setup test procedures for upgrading OnBase from V11 to V15.  • Participated in design reviews and provide input to the design recommendations; incorporate security requirements into design; and provide input to information/data flow.  • Designed and developed multiple workflows, Capture processes, reports and procedures in OnBase.  • Setup the user Access and security in OnBase.  • Developed processes to capture documents depending on the user requirements.  • Integrate documents and processes between OnBase and existing systems.  • Configure documents, processes, and procedures using OnBase configuration modules.  • Developed the interface between the mainframe system and OnBase.  • Spearheaded collaboration between IT Team and consultants in the development of a new electronic reporting system; project was completed on time and reduced report creation from months to days.  • Built protocol for Help Desk personnel to efficiently respond to systems I created.  • Produced solutions to 120 issues related to the implementation of the ARS system.  • Authored systems training at off-site locations and user conferences.  • Created web application for field investigators to instantaneous pull up records in the field.  • Developed communications systems to seamlessly work with team members in Nebraska, South Carolina, Brazil and Russia.  • Debug and advise users on the Document Imaging system for Highway Safety Information System using the HyLand's OnBase software, VB 6, SQL2008 and DB2. Project Manager MIS TECHNOLOGIES 1997 to 1999 • Set up the policies of migrating all the software from the mainframe to the LAN.  • Charged by MIS Leadership to ensure the Sprint Project Managers followed the proper protocol.  • Designed an application that would allow all Project Managers to report their status on a daily basis; application was adopted as the reporting standard.  • Led training of Sprint Project Managers on new reporting systems.  • Collaborated with PMO on technical and systems-related trouble shooting. Sr. IT Developer STATE OF NEBRASKA 1994 to 1997 • Identified and fixed CICS application issues, DB2 errors and Cobol II problems.  • Developed the framework for the electronic bid submission systems which are now the standard.  • Trained personnel and oversaw the operation of the Monthly Letting EBS data entry system. Education AA in Computer Science Southeast Community College Skills ONBASE, DB2, JDBC, SQL SERVER, ODBC Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/wesley-siebenneicher-54061528 Certifications/Licenses OCSA February 2015 to February 2022 OnBase Certified system Administrator OCWA February 2015 to February 2022 OnBase Certified Workflow Administrator Assessments Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nubrc-owqqv8ue5 Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/g9pl0pscnrnzajg Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  • Working with technical and business teams to evaluate new and emerging technologies, vendors and business models  • Demonstrated leadership capabilities through projects or other work planning experience.  • Managed and deployed initiatives by influence develop and deliver presentations, training sessions and demos.  • Led the implementation of numerous solutions in Enterprise Content Management resulting in hard dollar savings, improving process efficiency, addressing compliance and regulatory issues, enabling growth, improving content security and access to content throughout the enterprise  • In-depth knowledge of various platforms, software systems, and servers.  • Excellent communication skills with strong background working directly with coworkers and clientele to identify business objectives and establish requirements.  • Solid facilitation and organizational skills including attention to detail and multi-tasking skills.  • Monitoring ongoing projects and ensuring delivery of the projects within the stipulated time, quality and cost.  • Reviewing, analyzing and evaluating ideas, projects and opportunities to develop new products, new technologies and business models for the business segments.  • Experience in IT working on many Off-Shore and On-Site Projects and handling large teams.  • Extensive knowledge and expertise in project management and systems development methodology.  • Resource forecasting and planning in line with business requirement and skill development of the associates on a continuous basis.  • Coordinated activities and milestones between customer and tech teams on time.  • Ensured Cross Functional Coordination for timely completion of project.  • Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Project and Office    SKILLS    CICS, DB2, Cobol II, Java, J2EE, EJB, Servlets, JDBC, ODBC, JSP, IBM, Stored Procedures, WebSphere, Web Servers with SQL Server and DB2 Mainframe databases on Windows NT platforms. Also experienced with WebSphere, Java, JDBC, ODBC, J2EE technologies, ECM, G360, Onbase Configuration, VB Script, OnBase 15, Unity Forms, DIP, COLD, Bar Codes, Advance Capture, Workflows, Workflow Approval Management, Scripting, Report Services, SQL Server2008, Disconnect Scanning