TIER II TECHNICAL SUPPORT TIER II TECHNICAL SUPPORT TIER III TECHNICAL SUPPORT Nashville, TN Work Experience TIER II TECHNICAL SUPPORT Tractor Supply Company - Brentwood, TN May 2019 to July 2019 Remotely provided Tier II Technical Support for 1,700 Tractor Supply Company Store Systems across the US  utilizing Windows, Linux, Blade Logic, Dameware, RDP, SQL, Airwatch, and Putty. Maintained timely  communications with customers on work progress. Assessed & prioritized tickets assigned to our team in our queue as well as reassigned tickets to the proper departments based on the issues in each ticket. Entrusted with making  decisions after performing troubleshooting with the affected store over the phone, of replacing hardware or sending an onsite technician to physically go assess, and resolve the situation(s) at the store(s) assigned to their region.  Instructed onsite technicians (via phone) through the processes of programming & fixing hardware in existing stores along with setting up entirely new stores and new equipment. Remotely performed configuration updates to several  types of store devices with software, scripts, and firmware. Remotely pushed various updates & configuration  updates to computers, registers, credit card devices, and servers as standard & daily procedures. Successfully & effectively assessed and fixed complex software and firmware deployments along with complex Microsoft Server and Linux Server environment issues. SENIOR COMPUTER ENGINEER FIELD TECHNOLOGY SERVICES - Las Vegas, NV August 2017 to October 2018 Responsible for troubleshooting software & hardware failures, identifying network problems, and any other related  IT related issues (Windows & Mac). Provide technical on-site maintenance and support on a daily basis for new and existing systems, hardware, licenses, software, and MGM Resorts International Employees. Developed solid and  positive working relationships with peers, seniors, executives, and higher echelons throughout MGM International  Resorts. Assist Project managers in coordinating, organizing, overseeing, and completing projects at multiple MGM  Resorts International properties including casinos and corporate properties. Continuously recommending, finding, and establishing ways to help improve CE Department's and MGM's overall success and efficiency in achieving  mission goals by saving time & money through better organization, troubleshooting methods, and purchases of office equipment & tools. Regularly take initiative in having discussions with my Computer Engineer Team, other  Computer Engineers in MGM, Directors, Executives, and Department Vice Presidents to get feedback & input to take in to consideration towards other ideas for improvement on the daily functioning of the Computer Engineer  team(s) as well as for MGM Resorts International as a whole. Provided multiple levels of field support, including  system hardware and software, PC's, IP configuration & networking, hardware / software issues on company  supported devices. Provided better service than expected while keeping within company rules & regulations, licenses, and budget(s). Provided and executed break fix solutions for desktop, printer, Point of Sale (POS), tablets,  and other approved wireless devices. Coordinated with customers & vendors, and followed up with all projects as necessary to stay within or ahead of given timelines and deadlines. Consistently recognized & applauded on a  regular basis for rising above the rest and exceeding the standards on my own skills, and knowledge, along with my  integrity and my assertiveness. SECTION LEADER, PROJECT MANAGER, SUPERVISOR, & IT SPECIALIST UNITED STATES ARMY March 1995 to July 2016 Various Locations Worldwide  SENIOR ( IT) NETWORK ADMIN, PROJECT MANAGER, ANALYST, & SUPERVISOR  Selected to work in 4 Star General Commands providing services and assistance to the 4 Star Commanders & all  Flag Officers appointed under them. Appointed to be in charge of 15 personnel including soldiers & government  employees. Direct responsibility for management, administration and daily Information Services Support Division  Operations with equipment valued at over $100 Million in support of peacetime, war time and training mission  including: Developing Strategic IT Proposals and Project Budgets, Operational Procedures and Battlefield  Emergency Evacuation/Destruction Plans; Performing Data System Studies; Assisting with design, editing and testing of computer programs; Requisitioning, receiving, storing, issuing and maintaining accountability for  equipment, parts and supplies; Interviewing, hiring/firing, training, scheduling, assigning, giving written  evaluations, motivating, coaching, mentoring and supervising Emergency Response Team Members; Conducting  meetings with programmers, commanders, section leaders and customers to improve IT efficiency; Implementing, coordinating, performing and supervising inspection, operation, removal, installation, integration, configuration,  programming, testing, modifying, debugging, troubleshooting, repair, security and preventive maintenance on multi- functional/user computer hardware, software, network and Defense Message (DMS) information processing  systems, peripheral equipment and auxiliary devices in mobile and fixed facilities, as well as power generators and assigned vehicles; Training technicians and certifying users at Help Desks and Call Centers assisting both military  personnel and civilian customers; Performing and documenting System Analysis, Data Control, Bulk Storage and Transfer, as well as Information Assurance operations; Isolating, correcting malfunctions and restoring systems;  Preparing accurate Application Package, Program Reference and Output, Production Statistics, Maintenance, Equipment/Parts and Quality Control Reports; Preparing and maintaining Program Operation Manuals and  Procedures, technical documents, logs, rosters, status boards, charts and graphs. Position required extensive  knowledge of computer language commands and files.    SCI TACLAN SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR & AUTOMATION ACCREDITATION SUPERVISOR  In charge of Planning design and configuration, setting up, operating and managing daily utilization of Tactical  Local Area Networks (TACLAN) System to include network equipment, 2,500 computers and affiliated peripherals  valued at over $3,000,000; Providing technical support and supervising 1 Supervisor and 3 GS employees.  Information System Analyst & Supervisor for High-Priority Special Assault Aviation Battalion Operations  encompassing equipment valued at over $100 Million including: Coordinating and controlling procurement, upgrade, installation, operation, maintenance and administration of 4 Tactical TACLAN and ADP (Automated Data  Processing) Communication Systems to include computers, radios and ground/aircraft systems; Training and supervising 7 personnel in automation and communication support. Conducted several PDSS (Pre-Deployment Site  Survey) assessments on behalf of command & commander to assess equipment requirements to present to the commander for procurement of essential equipment, facilities, security, and accessories needed to achieve or exceed  mission standards within or well under the unit's allocated budget(s) along with adhering to DoD & Army  Regulations (e.g. AR 530-1, D0DD 8500.01E, AR 25-1, AR 25-2, DoDI 5205.08). Consistently praised & commended for my performance as a leader along with the performance & skills of the soldiers appointed under me.    HELP DESK OPERATIONS LEAD TECHNICIAN  Provided technical support during Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom wartime missions  encompassing 2,100 desktops, laptops, printers and 1,500 users: Created user and computer accounts; Monitored  network availability and integrity; Supervised 12 soldiers and $1,500,000 in automation equipment.  I  Hiking, Camping, Cycling, Kayaking, Surfing, Cooking, Gym    E PROJECT MANAGEMENT PMI - Honolulu, HI 2016 to 2016 Graduate: General and Advanced Studies Information Technology  United States Army NCO Academy & Advanced Leaders Course (ALC)  General and Advanced Studies in Information Technology Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University Of Maryland University College High School Diploma Pace High School - Pace, FL