Project manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span> Project manager - WPP/Prosource. IT Work Experience Project manager WPP/Prosource.IT - New York, NY March 2019 to Present Completed Laptop/Win10 refresh for 200 plus users in preparation of Office relocation  Managed On-Prem to Cloud data migration project, MS Teams/SharePoint; StorSimple; Azure  Completed relocation of 200 plus users: Facilitate Phone move; Prepare, Validate, test network connectivity; Update RIA trackers, Status Reports, CAB documents; Conduct vendor management and escalate if required; Drive/follow up on all efforts to ensure resolution.  Drive Application/Database migration: Conduct Application testing, attend troubleshooting call to provide advisory and consultancy services Owner/CEO HOJ-US provide Consultancy and Advisory 2011 to Present Project Manager Bank of China - New York, NY November 2018 to November 2018 On Going  Establish PMO functions: Create/Maintain Project plan, Status reporting, Vendor management, Change management CAB, and SOP for all existing and new projects  Communicate in Chinese with all on-site and off-shore teams. (Spoke more Chinese in 6 months then in the past 35 years) Senior IT infrastructure transformation PM MFX - NYC/NJ - New York, NY May 2017 to March 2018 Conduct discovery in Multi-Locations and Multi-Client environment for Current and Future IBM hosted Datacenter  Review master inventory (Infrastructure, Apps, Mid-ware, DBs,) for planning and Budgetary review of New DC build  Leverage DR/BCP process to define Migration approach, Roles and responsibilities, for replatform of Legacy Systems  Create/Review RIA reports, address risks by defining upgrade path, patching schedule, and implement remediating actions.  Establish Governance, Cadence, structure, communication protocol, and Escalation procedure  Conduct workshops for App/server mapping and inventory, identify Dependencies, Coordinate Migration efforts from Multiple Vendors, and/or Service providers  Address Security/vulnerability audits of legacy systems and create mitigation plan  Schedule, Drive, and conduct daily, Weekly, and adhoc Deep Dive project planning sessions  Collaborate with Client, Vendors , and SMEs to address resources alignment needs  Provided Status report to PMO, Project Leadership, Stakeholders, and Governors group.  Conduct CAB meeting and Drive GO/NoGO meetings  Lead and Manage Command center Activities throughout Execution of all (Prod, stage, Dev)  Managed WinX to Win10 Roll out for Laptops, VDIs, and Desktops PCs, EUS/Help desk ticketing system Program/Senior PM Gotham Technology/Estee Lauder Companies January 2016 to May 2017 Establish and reinforce Governance, Cadence, Structure and Communication plan for portfolio of IT transformation projects: Datacenter (DC) Migration/Decommissions; App/Database/Middle Ware migration; System Upgrade/Re-platform; Tools deployment; IT Compliance/Security Audit; EUC/EUS (Win10 and O365, Upgrade/Migration)  Meet with Project sponsors, Governance, stakeholders to review SOW, Charter, Migration Approach/methodology.  Track Budgetary Spending, Resource allocation, utilization/scheduling; Request additional funding and resources  Conduct Scrum/Status meeting, and Ad hoc meetings for Escalation, RCA, Postmortem analysis and reviews  Empower migration team to collaborate with Client/Vendor in deep dive planning, migration, and execution  Conduct CAB and Go/NoGo meetings as part of Change management and Pre-Go Live execution process  Monitor Command center activity, provide real time reporting during execution checkpoint meetings.  Manage Vendor activities for End to End Decommission Process.  Coordinate/Provide evidence for Security and Compliance Audit for all Transformation projects  Conduct DR/BCP testing with Vendors, SME and Business unit leaders. Present results to Auditors Lead Triumvirate team in support of Infrastructure Migration Triumvirate team Xceed/Bank of America - New York, NY February 2015 to October 2015 ON-Prem to IaaS service model (Private Cloud).  Apply established Wave migration process in Discovery, Planning, Reporting and Execution phases of migration.  Collaborate with LOB team to identify migration candidates according to Design principle (Discovery), Conduct Deep Dive sessions to review Questionnaires, drive the provision, and migration process (Planning)  Maintain control of migration related efforts, tasks, communications throughout the migration ( Execution)  Conduct weekly touchpoint meeting for App Load, QA/QC, Migration, Decommission process. (reporting)  Facilitate, drive, and conduct meetings to clear migration blockers. (Execution)  Provide updates during status meetings with Stake holders, PMO, Program manager, & Governance group  Collaborate with mX technology team in support of mX implantation efforts  Collaborate with Migration Command Center to define Migration Event tasks, timeline tracker  Provide weekly status report to management team. Sr IT Transformation PM Express Script / SMS September 2014 to February 2015 Review Discovery artifacts: Infrastructure/Application inventories, and map to New Architectural design diagram  Create/Review migration plan/process, Design principle, methodology, schedule, resources alignment  Schedule Kick-off meetings, Technical Review workshops, Deep Dive Sessions, Go-Live checklist for CAB.  Finalize Migration project plan with Apps and migration team. Attend CAB meetings to obtain approval  Allocate resources to execute project plans, tasks, and create migration calendar.  Create status reports, RACI report, RAG Score cards, RIAD tracker with Remediation/action plans.  Attend, conduct and Drive project status meetings. Address action item and remediation plan as needed  Create Remedy tickets for Servers, SAN, OS, network configurations, etc provisioning  Create RunBook for command center, and migration team. Create SOP for DC operational team (BAU)  Provide documentation and facilitate the DR/BCP drills with different business units Project manager, DC relocation, Application migration Unilever April 2014 to September 2014 Drive/Manage Application migration/Datacenter consolidation project from The Americas to UK  Review Architectural diagram, Determine migration approach with SMEs for P2V, V2V, New Build, L&S  Conduct Deep dive sessions with SMEs, and Migration team to create project, migration, and cutover plans  Use Remedy for Change and asset management, resource allocation, task assignment.  Track and Report on status of migration during Scum meetings. (T-X checklist, RAG, RAID, Remediation tasks)  Create Go-Live checklist and conduct Go/No-Go meetings, and schedule Migration  Execute migration plan with Command center and Migration team. (Hour-By-Hour task list) DC/ IT Infrastructure Transformation Project Manager HCL America March 2013 to December 2013 Managed multi-phase DC Transformation project in FL, NY, NC, Atlanta and Smyrna GA  Orchestrated project discovery process, created, managed, reviewed, and executed all project plans for DC Consolidation/Migration project with multiple phases and locations.  Using Change Management System to create tickets for all Project related Task  Established DR/BCP documents addressing Compliancy and functional needs.  Conducted project status meetings to identify, mitigate, and proposed action plan to address risk, issues, and gaps.  Leverage Heat Map report to track, monitor and report on resources availability on-site and off-shore  Conducted daily and weekly PMO status meetings and attended monthly Steering committee workshops. IT Transformation Project Manager Confidential Law Firm Tampa, FL September 2012 to February 2013 Managed DC relocation project (Michigan to Denver) while maintaining operational SLA.  Managed Procurement, build, migration, and UAT process for Hardware, Software, Middleware, Applications, Databases, and Network Circuits moves from old DC to new DC.  Created SOP for PMs and BAU to provide Project support while maintaining operational service level.  Managed BAU to enhance EUC experience: Desktop application support, Email; Secure Remote access, etc  Establish, report, and maintain SLA, KPI/CPI matrix  Create reviewed, justified and presented 3-year budgets for IT transformation projects including Procurement process and procedures.  Create, Managed, execute E2E PM process for P2V, V2P, New Build and Lift & shift for Data center and Apps migrations  Negotiate Contract, SLA, and SOW with Vendors, and IT services providers  Conducted project status meeting with all PMs, SMEs, Business Unit leads, BAU manager  Conducted UAT, monitored testing progress, review results address issues/problems  Managed the preparation and execution of DR/BCP tests that adheres to audits/compliance requirements. Senior PM, DC migration HCL /AstraZeneca - Wilmington, DE March 2012 to July 2012 Managed, planned, and coordinated DC migration processes: New DC Build, Inventory Discovery/Validation, Migration planning, Scheduling  Review resources Heat Map to ensure resources availability; Interview and on-boarding technical resources/SMEs  Attended status meetings to report and update milestones, risks, deliverables, etc.  Created T-X Checklist to track migration process.  Created cutover plan per migration Wave plan, Servers/Hosts list, Patching schedules, etc  Created process for backing up of AD environment before any migration activity Manager Enterprise Computing - Washington, DC April 2011 to February 2012 Manage 20+ on-site, off-shore team members to ensure optimal functionality of Hosted Datacenters  Manage consolidation, Upgrade, DR/BCP projects. Involving Electrical, HVAC, Rack relocation, Decommission.  Managed systems installs, upgrades, Server Patching, Migrations/Consolidations, DR test (SOP)  Provide status report presentations to OCIO and senior executives  Meet with SMEs to discuss projects status, resources allocation/utilization  Leveraged Remedy ticketing system for Change, Incident, and Work Order management.  Reviewed Major Incident Reports and Root Cause Analyses for postmortem reviews.  Conducted quarterly Mock Drills for DR/BCP training exercises.  Schedule, execute, and ensured completion of semiannual DR/BCP testing, Created remediation list and followed-up with action items. Prepared reports/test results for SOX compliancy reporting  Ensured KPI/CPI and SLAs are met with clarity and proficiency in a timely manner.  Minimized negative financial impact for any breached KPI/CPI in the Matrix.  Coach and mentor staff to promote collaboration and cooperation.  Reviewed resources Heat Map and recommend to retain valuable talents.  Interviewed and hired new team members to fulfill Onsite and off shore positions. IT Systems Manager Royce & Associates September 2007 to January 2010 Managed all IT infrastructure operations including Servers patching, Storage, Network, Back up functionalities. Managed Help desk, Application, and Trading Floor Support. Manage 10 Engineers and Admins on various projects: V -LAN, DC construction, DC moves, Office Moves, Trading Floor relocations, DR/BCP initiatives. Perform HR functions: Managed staff to maximize performance and improve service efficiency. Planned, approved, and scheduled training for staff. Conducted performance appraisal for direct reports. Addressed under-performers; Established SOP for operation, maintenance, project, and asset management Manager IT Ops, Senior LAN Admin, Regional LAN Admin, LAN Admin The Segal Company March 2003 to September 2007 The Segal Company July 1992 to September 2007 IT Project Lead, Western Region The Segal Company February 1999 to March 2003 Regional LAN Administrator, Western Region March 1992 to February 1999 Started as LAN/SYS Admin with SOP duties. Performed PM duties of DC/ IT Transformational projects  Traveled extensively through NA, EMEA for IT infrastructure projects that included company-wide Y2K compliance effort.  Promoted to IT operations director in 2001 Education Computer Information Systems Brooklyn College - Brooklyn, NY Links http://linkedin.com/in/chuck-juan