IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Novi, MI Work Experience IT Project Manager Aspect Software (contracted through EC Sourcing) - Novi, MI August 2015 to May 2019 Provided project management services for new installations and upgrades of the Aspect suite of call center products: Unified IP (ACD and multichannel contact), List Management (automated outbound dialing), Quality Management (monitoring, recording and playback), and Workforce Management (agent scheduling and adherence) software. Each project includes planning, coordination of North American and off shore resources, customer interface, budgetary compliance, customer change request management, risk management, and adherence to contractual Statements of Work. Projects range from premise based to cloud-based solutions. Project monitoring and control was accomplished with Microsoft Project, sales and support case information was maintained in Salesforce, project resource requests and budgetary tracking was done in NetSuite, and all project artifacts and documentation was stored in Microsoft SharePoint, a collaborative tool that integrates with other Microsoft Office applications such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. IT Project Manager Blue Cross Blue Shield (Contracted through Strategic Staffing Solutions) - Detroit, MI August 2012 to August 2015 Served as the delivery lead / project manager for the entire project lifecycle of the Next Generation Call Center effort. The project was a three year, multi-million dollar endeavor to replace the existing call center network infrastructure, software, and support structure at BSBSM with a Cisco based solution and would include more than 20 business units and over 2000 agents. The result was a state of the art, multichannel contact center with significantly improved customer and agent experiences. Strict adherence to the overall project budget and timelines as well as accurate forecasting was required to minimize the impact to the strategic plans of the business. Extensive collaboration with internal business units and management of external vendor partnerships ensured minimal downtime and results that exceeded expectations. Regular executive presentations were given to continuously update leadership on project status. Technology Consultant IV Hewlett-Packard - Pontiac, MI August 2008 to May 2012 Provided the coordination of technical resources to build, schedule, and maintain an enterprise level testing facility to support the planning and execution of application integration testing. Championed the use of virtual servers to solve the issues of cost reduction and rapid deployment of servers for testing. Embracing virtual server technology significantly reduced lab costs and increased organization flexibility.  Performed call center outage resolution and root cause analysis, calculation of Key Performance Indicators and developed and implemented the BPO Availability Management Plan for driving process improvement and process maturity into the organization. Infrastructure Specialist EDS, an HP Company - Auburn Hills, MI April 2003 to August 2008 Developed technical strategy, creation and review of architecture and design documentation to conform with the Quality Management System (QMS), technical project oversight, team development, and extensive vendor interaction regarding the architecture, design, configuration, and pricing of products. Consultant Specialist EDS, an HP Company - Troy, MI March 2001 to April 2003 Identification, analysis, and recommendation of hardware and software tools required to enhance EDS' position as a world-class provider of customer assistance centers. Provided technical leadership, extensive vendor contact, proposal review and development, The resulting consistency in design and deployment helped EDS remain a world class leader in contact centers. Consultant Specialist EDS, an HP Company - Southfield, MI May 2000 to March 2001 Coordination and support of General Motors web-related infrastructure projects. Reviewed and provided requirements documentation, solution feasibility and recommendations for improvement. Reviewed vendor contracts and quotes and provided exceptional customer relationship management. Advanced Network Administrator EDS, an HP Company - Southfield, MI May 1998 to May 2000 Installation, configuration, and support of technology supporting the General Motors Request Management call centers. Developed documentation and performed implementation of organization wide network standards and strategies regarding operating systems, communications protocols, and contingency management / disaster recovery methods. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Organization Administration Central Michigan University 2015 Skills Outlook, budget, Estimating, Scheduling, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, vendor interface (8 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomwelgosh