IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMP, CSM San Francisco, CA Project Leader. Problem Solver. What can we accomplish together? Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager San Francisco Fire Credit Union - San Francisco, CA November 2018 to Present Delivering projects with a strategic focus on operational excellence and member engagement.   • Leading enterprise implementation of the new credit loss accounting standard.  • Managing construction of a new 22,000 square foot office with a tight 5-month deadline. Project Director San Francisco Unified School District June 2017 to June 2018 Led an SAP cloud-based Human Capital and Budget Development systems replacement initiative.  • Engaged in successful contract negotiations for $10 million in partner services and software.  • Aligned project goals and outcomes to the District’s vision, mission, and strategic plan.  • Led cross-departmental partners in optimizing processes and change management activities.  • Facilitated debrief sessions; coached team members with issue identification and resolution. Agile Project Management Consultant US2020 - San Francisco, CA May 2016 to May 2017 Supported application development. Managed external vendors and the remote developer team.  • Improved scrum processes and framework adoption by the team through coaching.   • Facilitated sprint planning and product backlog refinement; improved story completion rates. Corporate Engagement Specialist AmeriCorps VISTA - US2020 - San Francisco, CA July 2014 to July 2015 Developed strategies to recruit and retain corporate partners for a startup nonprofit.  • Led development and execution of the inaugural STEM Mentoring Awards & Symposium, securing $200K in corporate sponsorship.  • Crafted the monthly newsletter doubling subscriptions in nine months.  • Supported engagement initiatives, which contributed to 100% corporate partner retention. Project Coordinator Oxbridge Education - Hong Kong, HK February 2012 to July 2013 Developed and taught English courses for secondary school students. Senior IT Consultant Pichler Computing - Rockville, MD January 2005 to June 2011 Led the developer team through all phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC).  • Facilitated achievement of departmental performance standards by developing a reporting application that monitored and improved case workflow and resolution.  • Improved customer satisfaction with business intelligence software by designing custom training materials tailored to the client’s needs and user capabilities. Senior IT Consultant Information Builders, Inc - Arlington, VA February 1999 to August 2004 Developed reporting applications on multiple platforms for federal and commercial clients.  • Facilitated real-time, agency data sharing by developing a reporting pilot that accessed three systems with distinct data databases and data structures.  • Applied optimization techniques to 75 reports resulting in 90% performance improvements.  • Presented to technical and non-technical audiences at local and national user conferences. Education Bachelor of Arts in International Business and Economics State University of New York, College at Brockport - Brockport, NY 1994 Skills PM, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Project Management Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/pamluk Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) May 2016 to May 2020 From Scrum Alliance:  "A Certified ScrumMaster® helps project teams properly use Scrum, increasing the likelihood of the project's overall success. CSMs understand Scrum values, practices, and applications and provide a level of knowledge and expertise above and beyond that of typical project managers. CSMs act as "servant leaders," helping the rest of the Scrum team work together and learn the Scrum framework. CSMs also protect the team from both internal and external distractions." Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2018 to March 2020 From PMI:  "The Project Management Professional (PMP)® is the most important industry-recognized certification for project managers.    You can find PMPs leading projects in nearly every country and, unlike other certifications that focus on a particular geography or domain, the PMP® is truly global. As a PMP, you can work in virtually any industry, with any methodology and in any location."