IT Professional <span class="hl">IT</span> Professional Currently seeking positions such as: Director of IT / IT Department Manager / IT Lead / Systems Manager / IT Consultant 000000 Accomplished professional with 20+ years of Information Technology experience in both small and large organizations in the United States and around the world. Expertise in evaluating and assessing a company's existing IT infrastructure and then implementing changes and/or upgrades that improve efficiency, eliminate potential problems, reduce costs, increase data security, and facilitate growth in today's fast paced and competitive business environment.  Currently seeking positions such as: Director of IT / IT Department Manager / IT Lead / Systems Manager / IT Consultant  Possesses unlimited and unrestricted authorization to work for any employer in the US. Able, willing, and eager to relocate for the right opportunity and/or travel in the US as needed. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Professional Freelance/Self employed November 2018 to Present Working as an independent Information Technology contractor for private customers.  • Setting up and installing various IT systems, such as PCs, laptops, routers, firewalls, and encrypted Wi-Fi networks.  • Advising customers on the purchase of mobile phones, recommended apps, as well as support and troubleshooting.  • Providing assistance in data management & migration: backup, restore, and data transfer from old to new devices.  • Consulting on best practices for all aspects of data cyber security, such as password lifetimes, antivirus, anti-spam, anti-spyware, and anti-malware solutions. Senior IT Consultant New Lineo Cinema LTD July 2014 to November 2018 Was asked to assist the company as a remote consultant for any and all day-to-day and special IT issues that arose.  • Advised the new IT department managers regarding past and present company IT issues and procedures, as well as future & special projects. One such project was converting all time clocks to biometric units to prevent employee fraud.  • Guided server virtualization projects using Hyper-V and VMware and securely transferred in-house Windows and Linux servers to the Microsoft Azure and Amazon AWS cloud platforms to simplify managing the IT department and reduce overhead. Set up and configured cloud firewall protection rules as well as secured and encrypted remote access.  • Traveled to Israel to lead and advise the in-house IT team on the technical procedures and requirements necessary to open 3 new movie theater multiplexes at various locations throughout the country. IT Department Manager New Lineo Cinema LTD April 2011 to July 2014 Promoted to manage and direct all IT-related issues, systems, and infrastructure within the company. Headed the entire IT department, which consisted of technicians, programmers, and other personnel at different nationwide locations.  • Interviewed, hired, and trained new IT technicians in procedures and technical support methodology.  • Adopted new and innovative methods and technologies, provided technical solutions to all company departments, and solved complex IT issues within the company that required immediate attention.  • Prioritized company technology projects and schedules as well as short and long term tasks of the IT personnel.  • Developed and implemented a comprehensive strategy to secure all company systems by creating written security guidelines and procedures. Installed and configured systems such as advanced email and web filtration systems.  • Put into place advanced backup, failover, redundancy, and recovery methods and procedures that ensured round-the-clock, optimized, uninterrupted operation of mission-critical systems.  • Secured all locations using multiple networked IP HD cameras which were used in various police investigations and to thwart employee and customer fraud.  • Enacted centralized operating systems and patch management procedures to make sure systems were secure. IT Project Manager New Lineo Cinema LTD December 2009 to April 2011 Hired to implement information technology projects in all areas of the company, including back office applications, theater management systems, concession and ticketing hardware and software, company informational and e-commerce websites, ERP, payroll systems, as well as routers, and firewalls.  • Purchased, installed, and configured new Windows and Linux servers as well as security hardware and software such as firewalls, biometric (fingerprint) authentication systems and secured VPN access for remote connections.  • Automated routine and time consuming work tasks by writing and testing shell scripts as well as configuring them to run on demand or automatically.  • Established new working procedures and policies that took effect following the systems conversion that saved the company time, money, and increased overall efficiency.  • Trained (remotely and in person) users and customers in the correct and proper use of the new systems.  • Updated the configuration of the Active Directory on the Windows domain controller and created a restrictive Group Policy to increase security by preventing unauthorized user software installations and configuration changes.  • Implemented file and folder user access restrictions, data encryption, SSL certificates, multi-factor authentication, and multi-layered firewall protection to safeguard the company's sensitive data.  • Led additional complex cross-platform technological projects in conjunction with large corporations such as VISA, MasterCard, PayPal, Checkpoint, and VeriFone on behalf of the company. Computer and Information Systems Department Manager Cineworld Group November 2003 to July 2009 Promoted to be responsible for management of all IT personnel and technology in the company's headquarters, remote sites, and subsidiaries around the world.  • Defined IT employee functions and then interviewed, hired, and trained new employees in company processes, procedures, and support methodology to provide expert level support to company employees.  • Set up, configured, and managed firewalls (Checkpoint, Cisco, Fortinet), routers (Cisco, Alcatel, Linksys), switches (including setting up secure VLANs), Microsoft SQL and MySQL databases, informational and e-commerce websites, domains, e-mail servers (including Microsoft Exchange) & centrally managed antivirus and antispam systems.  • Developed and deployed test (QA) environments for regression testing of new program versions and features.  • Administered and supported remote worldwide company locations as well as trained their users.  • Executed numerous successful complicated IT projects that required imaginative solutions in a mixed environment. Systems Administrator Cineworld Group October 2001 to November 2003 Hired to provide primary and advanced technical support to office employees in all departments within the company's two office locations, as well as to movie theaters at remote locations nationwide in a 100+ user mixed environment.  • Set up and maintained site-to-site and remote access VPNs to provide secure data access to the company's resources to authorized employees from anywhere in the world.  • Trained and supported technical and non-technical users remotely and in person on all IT related topics and subjects.  • Purchased, installed, configured, and maintained the company's main email server based on Microsoft Exchange.  • Provided advanced technical support (remotely and on-site) for the nationwide movie theater multiplex chain.  • Built tools that automated standard processes using shell scripts and Visual Basic to save the company time and money.  • Designed and deployed brand new network infrastructure (using switches, routers, and firewalls) and established required maintenance procedures to accommodate the increased use of IT in the company's business dealings.    Additional Information:  Technical Expertise:  • Hardware: Installation, maintenance, and management of LAN, WAN, Ethernet, firewalls, routers, switches, and WI-FI access points and routers, as well as POE and Power-line communication devices, SAN/NAS systems, IP cameras and biometric authentication (fingerprint scanners). IP telephony and smartphone installation & support. Building, modifying, upgrading, and repairing desktop, laptop, POS systems, servers, and printers of all types.  • Software: Cloud Computing, Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, Hyper-V, VMware, Hypervisor, Microsoft Windows Server and Desktop, Linux (Ubuntu, Red Hat, CentOS, Debian), Apple MacOS, Active Directory, Group Policy, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft Office (including Office 365), Checkpoint, Cisco, Juniper, and Fortinet firewalls, site-to-site and remote access VPNs, SSL VPN, networks, DOS, VNC, TeamViewer, LogMeIn, Remote Desktop, Terminal Services, Ghost, ERP, SAAS, IOT, HTML, XML, IIS, Tomcat, Web services, Microsoft SQL, MySQL, RAID, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, RADIUS, LAMP stack, TWRP, ITIL, OPOS, OWA, antivirus, anti-spam, and anti-spyware, shell scripts, SSL certificates, virtual machines, Apple IOS and Google Android operating systems (including configuration of synchronized email, contacts, calendars, conference rooms, and other shared resources). Education Bachelor's in Computer Engineering San Jose State University - San Jose, CA Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, DNS, EXCHANGE, FIREWALLS Links http://www.eamir1.wix.com/eranamir http://www.linkedin.com/in/eamir1 Assessments Technical Support — Expert May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dsk4nfmsym8g6gkj Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ktsr1cfqxbrmp8so Active Listening — Expert May 2019 Actively listening and appropriately responding in conversations. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uo2t5yytda3bhft9 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Areas of Expertise:    • Managerial skills  • Team leadership and mentoring  • Critical thinking and decision making  • Attention to details & "big picture"  • Strategic planning and budgeting  • IT Staff hiring, training and management  • Cyber security policy establishment  • Operation procedures development and implementation  • Inventory maintenance  • Project management and scheduling  • Network and system architecture  • Prioritization of projects & task lists  • Cost reduction  • Contract & SLA negotiations  • Executive reporting skills  • Technical business solutions  • Vendor relations  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills