Project / Support Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> / Support Coordinator Project / Support Coordinator - ZIO Group Orlando, FL Work Experience Project / Support Coordinator ZIO Group October 2018 to Present Coordinate project schedule, materials and resources  ? Liaising with clients to identify and define project requirements, schedule, scope and objective  ? Maintain open and frequent communication to ensure clients' needs are met throughout the lifetime of a project  ? Light technical troubleshooting with clients  ? Open and maintain support tickets to ensure client satisfaction  ? Material review and purchasing  ? Coordinate technical support appointments to resolve client problems  ? Completed support invoicing for clients after completion of a ticket Manager Barks and Leashes Dog Services - Doral, FL August 2017 to September 2018 Create and disperse weekly schedule to employees and make changes to the schedule as necessary  ? Schedule and conduct client meet and greets  ? Conduct client interactions to schedule boardings, sittings and walks  ? Conduct safety checks before walks to ensure safety for dogs and humans while on walks  ? Handle client payments and disburse pay to employees  ? Clean and maintain holding areas for dogs being boarded  ? Clean and maintain linens used during stays  ? Feed and distribute medicines to dogs when appropriate Project Coordinator, IT - WhiteCap HD Supply, Inc - Orlando, FL August 2016 to December 2017 Coordinated project team from inception through completion and executed corporate planning and project management  ? Developed new systems, techniques and procedures for automated planning systems, reporting, issue resolution, risk management and budget tracking  ? Reviewed plans and schedules for compliance with master schedule and resolved scheduling conflicts  ? Prepared and conducted daily, weekly and monthly meetings to review, track and report project status  ? Created and reviewed project budgets to ensure accurate costs and internal labor accuracy  ? Mentored and supported associates within the project management area  ? Supported internal department training  ? Supported and conducted vendor meetings and continuing education trainings  ? Supported and maintained VP of IT and supporting manager's calendars  ? Scheduled travel for VP and managers through Concur  ? Completed and maintained expense reports through Concur Executive Administrative Assistant Reliable Services Group, LLC - Orlando, FL May 2007 to August 2016 Created billing reports, purchase orders, order forms, supply lists, written instructions, brochures and meeting outlines  ? Accounts payable and receivable  ? Payroll and reimbursements  ? Created and maintained company website  ? Created PowerPoint presentations and word documents for contract bids and wrote accompanying cover letters  ? Wrote a variety of customer and vendor correspondence, insurance certificates, permits, warranties, blueprints and personnel forms  ? Performed necessary credentialing/orientation of new employees including eligibility to work, Jessica Lunsford badging, background screenings and drug tests  ? Scheduled inspections, deliveries and materials to and from job sites  ? Responsible for daily operations including housekeeping, opening the office, customer and vendor communications, transferring and answering phones, customer and employee satisfaction, and closing the office  ? Advanced computer and office equipment set-up  ? Proven ability to adapt to changes in project and/or customer's requirements or needs  ? Prioritized multiple project/office needs based on changing or new customers, projects and circumstances Sales Associate Skechers - Orlando, FL June 2006 to August 2007 Hostess Papa Joe's - Orlando, FL October 2004 to June 2006 Education Diploma in Licensed Massage Therapist Holistic Institute of Massage Therapy - Orlando, FL 2010 to 2011 High School Diploma University High School - Orlando, FL 2003 to 2007 Skills Customer service, Quickbooks, Microsoft office, Oracle Additional Information SKILLS  ? Excellent in Microsoft Office programs  ? Extensive knowledge of QuickBooks  ? Extensive knowledge of Concur Travel and Expense software  ? Experience in Oracle systems  ? 14+ years in customer service