Sr. Project Manager / Program Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager / Program Manager, SITA - CULTURAL TRANSFORMATION Alpharetta, GA An astute leader, strategist, planner and technologist experienced in several industries. Accumulated a record of success leading numerous large-scale, complex business and technology initiatives. Able to work effectively delivering results in either functional, matrix, or projectized environments for large corporations and equally in small to mid-sized entrepreneurial entities. Have successfully managed budgets from $50K to $55 Million. Active leader through 6 M&A, D engagements. Strategically focused while remaining bottom-line sensitive, known for driving results through pragmatic planning and cultivating relationships. Fast-learner; culturally adept and adaptable. Work Experience Sr. Project Manager / Program Manager SITA - Atlanta, GA October 2009 to Present CULTURAL TRANSFORMATION  ? Defining and driving the Learning Plan which provides 4 pillars of learning - eLearning, Product Learning, Classroom Learning and On-Premise Learning. Developing geographical Learning Champions to drive the tactics of the strategy plan. Working with HR and divisional leaders to define gamification strategies that drive high participation rates, skill improvement and positive ROI.  ? Driving the cultural maturity and transformation of the Project Management practice worldwide. Successfully leading the global PM skills assessment effort which defines the global practice competency levels and resultant training needs.  ? Built the new Global PM Practice SharePoint Intranet portal which provides all PM best practices, a PM template library, SSO tools access, a resource library filled with external reading references to improve practice knowledge and tactical guides.  OPERATIONAL TRANSFORMATION  ? Led the Data Center Transformation program (Atlanta, London, Singapore, and Montreal). Drove the development of all strategic and tactical plans needed to make this organizational change a reality. Articulated cost-saving models by moving DC support to the SCC. Chaired the Program Governance and PM team meetings.  ? Led the multi-year $13+ Mil., Next Generation Operational Support System (NGOSS) program for the newly formed 24/7 Command Center (SCC) based in Singapore and Montreal. Platform provided proactive monitoring and management of over 30k customer assets and 450 airports. Drove the creation of IT Service Catalogue, improved incident reporting, and reduced legacy tool set costs by $3 Mil.  ? Drove the PCI-DSS re-certification effort to ensure on time results for this Level-1 VNP (Visa Network CC Processor).  ? Revitalized the e-Commerce program. Worked within the Data Center and Engineering matrix environment to drive all engagements from initiation through transition. Reduced build cycle from 16 weeks to 8 weeks via daily sprint meets and immediate RCA analysis. IT Director WorldStrides - via Technisource - Charlottesville, VA April 2007 to April 2009 o Crafted, delivered and managed the 2-year IT Strategic Plan outlining all IT changes planned. Key member of the ITSC.  o Established all project rules of engagement. Defined policies and processes relating to initiating a project, funding review, business impact and capacity planning. Worked with executives to promote the new PMO policy structure for IT.  o Renegotiated all vendor contracts covering web hosting services, audio/video conferencing, voice & data services, eLearning, cellular services, and hardware and software services. Actions resulted in a collective savings of $400,000 in contract expenses.  o Sourced and managed the vendor selected for the delivery of a $1M VoIP system. Wrote the RFP; chaired the Steering Committee and led the vendor selection process. Reduced telecommunications expenses by $200K the first year.  o Defined a new Disaster Recovery strategy by incorporating several contingency steps: D2D and D2T backups, redundant key server architectures (load balancing and failover designs), and Acronis for disk imaging and recovery management. Defined levels of disaster (I-V) along with the appropriate IT responses. Provided quarterly drills to ensure procedural consistency.  o Managed the SLA delivery of our 24/7 Help Desk Service providing Tier-I support. The Help Desk utilizes ITIL Service Support practices for incident management and communications. Tier-II /III support provided with staff in ATL, CHO and SLC. Associate Vice President – Project Management Office / PMO OPTEUM FINANCIAL GROUP - Atlanta, GA September 2006 to April 2007 o Built and introduced a Governance, Risk, Compliance (GRC) tool that was used by all IT leadership. This tool helped executives make informed decisions regarding the performance activities of the IT project portfolio. Member of the ITSC.  o Led a process mapping effort for a SOX 404 audit that focused on internal controls and supporting documentation management. The 2006 E&Y SOX audit resulted in no material weaknesses or deficiencies within the IT organization.  o Managed the implementation of Kofax Ascent Capture for document imaging and Hyland Onbase for Workflow Management. Both supported the company’s ‘go-green’ strategic imperative. Associate Vice President & Director – Application Engineering OPTEUM FINANCIAL GROU - Atlanta, GA October 2003 to September 2006 o Devised and executed an IT cultural change that transitioned the organization from a technology-driven to a business-driven focus. The Development team received the highest number of group and individual awards – 36 total.   o Worked with LOB’s (Lines of Business) to redefine project priorities and deliverables. Realized a 25% reduction in cost/time to develop .NET software solutions by standardizing SDLC methodologies, reducing risk through rigorous application testing/ review process, controlled change management processes and refined post-delivery support practices.   Chaired the Business Process Improvement team meetings. Group developed, refined and mapped processes for QA, CM, IT Operations, Help Desk, and Development. Frequently reviewed COBIT & ITIL frameworks for establishing adoption practices. Senior Project Manager. IT Consultant Sogeti USA LLC - Atlanta, GA October 2003 to March 2004 o Project led the development of the Project Management Office (PMO) for Opteum Financial. Developed rules of engagement, standard operating procedures (SOP) and reporting practices. Defined Risk Management practices. Created a templates library.  Managed the launch and system integration of the Correspondent Lending (Conduit Bank) business channel. Led the development of all business processing mapping, IT technical delivery alignment strategies and system integration management. Senior Manager IT ARRIS INTERACTIVE - Atlanta, GA October 1999 to December 2002 o Built a customer-centric IT team from 4 to 57, plus 10 consultants; mentored and promoted 6 to site managers overseeing data center operations, networking, network/data security, application monitoring, telephony and help desk operations.  o Reduced software costs by 50% by renegotiating company software needs then translating those needs to all vendors for better licensing and support pricing agreements. Total saved within one year: $4.5M.  o Project Manager in all IT activities for 5 M, A&D initiatives. Member of the company’s M&A Team for IT. Largest divestiture plans covered separating Arris from Nortel Networks. Plans included two data center rebuilds, software licensing, a network and AD domain rebuild. The 9-month plan was executed with 0% production downtime.  o Created sub-system SAP sites at our manufacturing plant in the Philippines along with our NALA distribution center in Canada and our EU site in Spain. Partnered with our Philippines offshore SAP vendor to set up and program sub-system changes. Operations Manager Digitel Corporation - Atlanta, GA May 1999 to October 1999 o Responsible for teams installing various Nortel PBX’s, IVR’s, various data networking products, and fleet operations. Global Operations Manager Intellivoice Communications - Atlanta, GA January 1998 to May 1999 o Managed the implementation of all Voice Activated Dialers (VAD), IVR/ VRU and Unified Messaging systems implemented throughout South America, Europe, Canada and Israel. Support Manager / Supervisor III MCI Telecommunications - Atlanta, GA October 1992 to January 1998 o Co-creator of the National Help Desk. The group supported all sales centers with telephone, network and application support. The creation of this group helped improve support turnaround times by 75%. Changed from outsourced (Vanguard) model to in-house.  o Team leader for the Small Business Data Center team. Ensured accurate daily processing of 1+Mil. Sales records nightly.   o A member of the JV set up team. Participated in the Call Center set up for the MCI-Avantel JV in Monterrey & Mexico City, Mexico. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Marymount Manhattan College Associate of Arts in Business Management Queens Borough Community College Skills budget, Scheduling, Estimating, Maintenance, Outlook, Microsoft Project, Word, Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/wayneferrer/ Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E5 October 1979 to October 1985 AT2 - Worked on P3 Anti-Submarine Warfare planes. Specialized in Communications and Navigation equipment, and Doppler Radar. Based in NAS Willow Grove, PA. Certifications/Licenses PMP ITIL v3 Foundations Six Sigma Black Belt Six Sigma Green Belt CGEIT