IT Manager Program Management & Business Relationship Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Management &amp; Business Relationship <span class="hl">Manager</span> Manager Program Management & Business Relationship Manager - Honeywell Federal Manufacturing & Technology Lee's Summit, MO I am an IT Manager Program Management & Business Relationship Manager with 10+ years of organizational leadership, process and pipeline management and vendor oversight specializing in IT and web environments. I am a business-minded, strong communicator that applies a common sense approach to creating solutions, with a proven history of bridging the gap between IT and business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Program Management & Business Relationship Manager Honeywell Federal Manufacturing & Technology - Kansas City, MO June 2018 to Present •Direct the integration of IT project plans and overall execution of multiple IT programs & projects.  •Partnering with the business, providing overall IT leadership for the development and implementation of integrated enterprise-wide business technology solutions.  •Develop IT program & project strategies.  •Integrate the development of IT project standards, procedures and quality objectives across multiple IT programs and organizations.  •Integrate IT project plans, schedules, cost and organization-wide metrics across multiple programs and organizations.  •Provide formalized, continuing work direction and leadership to assigned IT project leaders/teams including scheduling, assignment of work and review of IT project work.  •Track and report on IT project portfolio status and metrics to senior leadership.  •Negotiate for financial, physical and human resources to support multiple IT programs and organizational objectives, within and across organizational boundaries.  •Act on potential risks/issues, providing proposals for mitigations/solutions to senior leadership when escalation is required.  •Provide leadership and direction to project leaders/teams, holding resources accountable for use of defined IT project management processes and process improvement techniques such as the PMBOK and six sigma.  •Assess overall customer satisfaction (voice of the customer), IT project success and performance of project team.  •Develop and maintain productive working relationships with program and project sponsors, customers, vendors and other key stakeholders.  •Perform direct managerial duties as needed, including but not limited to, interviewing, hiring, training, planning/assigning/directing work, appraising performance, rewarding/disciplining associates, addressing complaints and resolving problems. Sr. IT Project Leader Honeywell Federal Manufacturing & Technology - Kansas City, MO September 2016 to June 2018 •(Acting) IT Program Manager; managing IT PMO project pipeline, developing Project Charters, securing project funding, providing executive status / updates and mentoring IT Project Managers throughout the project lifecycle.   • Project Manage multiple efforts for the Honeywell FM&T IT organization, leading projects through the conceptual, requirements gathering, design, development and implementation phases.  •Develop, write and communicate Statements of Work (SOWs) with purchasing to secure supplier support.  •Develop and maintain all IT project related documentation, including project plans, schedules, project financials and executive communications.  •Determine staffing requirements and employee disciplines to form IT project teams.  •Provide continuing direction and leadership to assigned teams including scheduling, assignment of work and review of project work.  •Identify and take action to mitigate potential risks and make recommendations to management when escalation is needed.  •Assess variance from the original plan and develop/implement the changes necessary to ensure project meet scope, schedule and financial objectives.  •Develop and maintain a productive working relationship with project sponsors, customers, vendors and key stakeholders throughout the project lifecycle.  •Work with customers and IT business analyst to assure expectations and project goals are being met throughout the project. While assuring the customer accepts and is satisfied with the final deliverable or product.  •Utilize six sigma process improvement techniques. IT Project/Program Manager III Sprint - Overland Park, KS December 2009 to September 2016 •Supervise and manage on-shore employees as well as on/off-shore contractors responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining sprint.com. Oversee project staffing, pipeline management and forecasting for 60+ team members and the website.  •Created and continue to manage the ATG Core Governance team, responsible for communicating with the entire sprint.com development, test and environment teams ensuring awareness of future projects and associated development impacts to the ATG Core Components.  •Created and continue to manage a production ticket resolution program within the sprint.com development team. Improving ticket resolution SLA's. Allowing a greater number of fixes to be delivered to production each release, greatly improved communication between the development, system test and environment build teams and provide overall leadership to an area of the web development team where leadership was lacking.  •Serve as the IT product manager for sprint.com self-service/account controls functionality, working jointly with the web business, marketing and finance teams to support frontend UI experience of the site.  • Project managed the self-service/account controls application changes in support the Sprint.com redesign and re-platforming effort. Responsible for managing the sprint.com site-wide code split to ensure greater flexibility and independence between each application while maintaining uninterrupted use of the ATG Core Components.  •Managed and supported the transition to a new IT consulting company for the sprint.com development team, which required travel in the US as well as India to ramp-up and train resources.  •Perform management related activities for both employee and contract resources, including visa renewals, performance plan creations and reviews, career planning, interviews, employee and contractor on/off boarding and intern program support.  •Delivered 5 projects in 2015 as the overall IT project manager utilizing both waterfall and agile (SCRUM) delivery methodologies, with budgets ranging from $10K to $1M+ and durations of a few weeks to 12+ months. Delivering all within budget, on time and with limited defects for each project. • Delivered 13 enterprise projects in 2015 as the application project manager for sprint.com (self-service/ account controls) utilizing both a waterfall and agile (SCRUM) delivery methodology, meeting the project schedule and application budget with limited defects for each project.  •Mentor to other IT Project Managers within the sprint.com web development team. IT Project/Program Manager II Sprint - Overland Park, KS July 2006 to December 2009 •Managed software development efforts for the Wholesale Cable (VoIP) organization resulting in the deployment of Remote Call Forward to the TV/PC, Commercial Enhanced Voicemail and 911 Support Applications among others.  •Managed projects with budgets in excess of $1M and exceeding up to eighteen months in duration.  •Matrix managed project teams of 50+ employees and contractors (on &off-shore) driving each to achieve their respective scope, schedule and budget.  •Presented weekly project status to IT Executive Team, focusing on schedule, budget and new change request.  •Managed projects utilizing the standard waterfall and agile approaches as well as SCRUM methodologies.  •Pipeline prioritization and program management, identifying required projects, defining project scope, resource constraints, and prioritizing the pipeline based upon this analysis. Process Re-Engineering Specialist II Sprint - Overland Park, KS April 2005 to July 2006 •Led vendor contract negotiations to select an enterprise level contractor management tool resulting in the selection and implementation of the PeopleSoft sPro tool. The application managed contractor resources allowing management a view of resource skill sets and availability. As resources were selected and assigned to a project all contractor time management and submission was managed through the tool.  •Developed business and functional requirements to drive the selection and implementations of our contractor management tool.  •Led a cross-functional team to perform process improvements and create cost saving synergies for the newly merged Sprint-Nextel Supply Chain Management. Business Systems Analyst II Sprint - Overland Park, KS May 2000 to April 2005 •Managed desktop efforts for approximately 2000 resources within the Finance Shared Services organization, leading mass upgrades of desktop hardware and software.  •Developed business, functional and system requirements to drive hardware and software projects.  •Created, managed and executed application test scripts and test cases, utilizing Test Director and WinRunner. Supervisor APEX (ACH) U.S. Central Corporate Credit Union - Overland Park, KS January 1999 to May 2000 •Managed the vendor selection of a new nationwide credit union owned and operated automated clearing house, resulting in a cost savings of over $5M annually for our corporate credit union members.  •Managed the implementation of the automated clearing house, from application selection, employee interviews and hires, to procedure development for operations management.  •Managed 10 employees and contractors, overseeing the daily operations of the automated clearing house.  •Managed 4 helpdesk employees supporting corporate credit union members of the automated clearing house.  •Produced and presented monthly operations reports to senior level management. Supervisor ACH Commerce Bank - Kansas City, MO September 1997 to January 1999 •Managed 4 employees, overseeing the daily operations of the automated clearing house.  •Streamlined departmental procedures and guidelines.  •Produced and presented monthly operations report to senior level management. Education Project Management Training in Project Management George Washington University April 2002 to August 2003 B.A. in Psychology Rockhurst University August 1993 to July 1997 Skills Microsoft Office Products (Project, Word, Excel, Visio, Powerpoint, Publisher, Outlook) (10+ years), Planview (2 years), Microstrategy (2 years), Clarity (4 years), Livelink (5 years), Confluence (2 years), Peoplesoft (10+ years), IT Program Management (10+ years), Scrum (5 years), IT Project Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning, Word, Strategic Planning, Word, Powerpoint, Powerpoint, Strategic Planning, Word Awards Honeywell Silver Award 2017-10 Successfully led the implementation of Microstrategy Visual Insight. Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt September 2017 to Present Groups Kansas City Ronald McDonald House June 2010 to September 2016 Food preparation for families staying at the Kansas City Ronald McDonald House. Kansas City Christmas In October October 2000 to October 2004 Lite home construction/repair for low-income families.