PROGRAM MANAGER PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Strategic AI and Software Leader Austin, TX Work Experience PROGRAM MANAGER CognitiveScale 2019 to Present Creating revenue and competitive advantage  ?      Managed multiple client-facing programs deploying big data / AI solutions to Fortune 100 enterprises in the financial, healthcare, and retail verticals  ?      Led cross-functional teams to build custom AI applications, including data scientists, front and backend engineers, UX / UI, and machine learning engineers  ?      Worked closely with Sales, Legal, and Business Operations on contract execution, and alignment with technical delivery  ?      Designed and managed partnership program to enable third parties to go to market as product resellers  ?      Presented ethical and responsible AI program at the 2018 D9 Summit in Tel Aviv, Israel    Improving corporate productivity  ?      Established Agile playbook for project managers and software developers  ?      Incorporated internal India development team fully into project teams to foster engagement    Adding financial benefit  ?      Helped develop pricing toolkit to ensure software services meets established profit margin on projects  ?      Helped establish time-tracking practices to ensure net-gain P&L for software services  ?      Lead data and model migration from legacy platform while maintaining real-time production SLAs SR PROJECT MANAGER CognitiveScale - Austin, TX 2018 to 2019 Creating revenue and competitive advantage    ? Managed multiple client-facing programs deploying big data / AI solutions to Fortune 100 enterprises in the financial, healthcare, and retail verticals  ? Led cross-functional teams to build custom AI applications, including data scientists, front and backend  engineers, UX / UI, and machine learning engineers  ? Worked closely with Sales, Legal, and Business Operations on contract execution, and alignment with technical delivery  ? Designed and managed partnership program to enable third parties to go to market as product resellers  ? Presented ethical and responsible AI program at the 2018 D9 Summit in Tel Aviv, Israel    Improving corporate productivity    ? Established Agile playbook for project managers and software developers  ? Incorporated internal India development team fully into project teams to foster engagement    Adding financial benefit    ? Helped develop pricing toolkit to ensure software services meets established profit margin on projects  ? Helped establish time-tracking practices to ensure net-gain P&L for software services  ? Lead data and model migration from legacy platform while maintaining real-time production SLAs SR PROJECT MANAGER Kimbia - Austin, TX 2016 to 2018 Creating revenue and competitive advantage    ? Configured and managed SaaS platform within the higher education program  ? Managed implementations - Customer facing: front end development, and report building for top-tier  international universities and community foundations  ? Led a services team of four people responsible for $5 million ARR  ? Established SOPs and documentation in a startup environment  ? Implemented B2B and B2C standards    Improving corporate productivity    • Leadership role within the transition team during acquisition by GiveGab  • Transferred best practices to new leadership team SR PROJECT MANAGER 2015 to 2016 IT PROJECT MANAGER Planview, Inc - Austin, TX 2014 to 2015 Creating revenue and competitive advantage    ? Managed implementations - Client facing: Troux upgrades and migrations for over 50 enterprise clients  ? Managed implementations - Corporate: NetSuite, Datadog, Concur, Office 365, Box  ? Managed the wholesale migration of customer environments from a managed datacenter to a colocated  datacenter  ? Oversaw all software upgrades, and migrations from on-premises to cloud  ? Managed corporate IT HQ move, consolidating two office locations  ? Implemented NetSuite ERP which streamlined the quote-to-cash processes  ? Reduced exposure to Oracle LMS audit, while overseeing virtual and physical server restructuring of multiple development and production environments    Improving corporate productivity    ? Created repeatable technical strategy to facilitate the acquisition of multiple SaaS companies and products  ? Facilitated weekly, international leadership meeting  ? Oversaw multiple phases of migration from on-premises to cloud e-mail, messaging, and Active Directory  ? Key departmental liaison between Global Technology Operations ( IT, DevOps, Hosting, Infrastructure)  and the rest of the organization    Adding financial benefit    ? Saved organization $5 million in Oracle licensing fees through restructuring database architecture  ? Oversaw third party Sarbanes-Oxley audit, which was required to maintain relationship with existing  customer  ? Led organization's first SSAE-16, SOC 2, Type II audit TRAINING PROJECT MANAGER 2012 to 2014 TRAINING SPECIALIST II Goodwill Central Texas - Austin, TX 2010 to 2012 Creating revenue and competitive advantage    ? Improved sales and customer service with stable, cost-effective, enterprise-ready training cohorts  ? Partnered with Social Services Case Management Network to provide employees with free CEU  opportunities  ? Instrumental in roll-out for e-manifest logistics technology    Improving corporate productivity    ? Developed and implemented over 30 eLearning modules, including Corporate Etiquette, Servant  Leadership and Effective Communication  ? Managed outsourcing of eLearning through Mindleaders (Skillsoft) while maintaining enterprise specific  internal eLearning  ? Integrated Outlook training calendar to SharePoint    Adding cultural and financial benefit    ? Curated yearly diversity training, including annual Black History Month celebration  ? Insured diversity compliance to maintain organizational accreditation through the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF) OFFICE MANAGER Postaluniforms.com - College Station, TX 2009 to 2010 Managed clerical and administrative functions for the nation's largest postal uniform supplier    ? Accounts payable  ? Accounts receivable  ? Maintained company website  ? Vendor relationships WRITING CENTER COORDINATOR Long Island University - Brooklyn, NY 2007 to 2009 Managed a team of 15 writing tutors, and curated writing center library and reference materials    ? One-on-one tutoring with undergraduate and graduate students  ? Coached and mentored a team of 15 tutors  ? Designed tutoring materials ESL INSTRUCTOR Tianjian Polytechnic 2004 to 2004 Taught business English to several classes of university students. Enabled adult learners in business and scientific fields to communicate in English. Effectively delivered lessons across cultural and linguistic  boundaries. Established leadership skills. Education MA New York University 2004 to 2006 BA Oklahoma State University 1999 to 2004 Skills PMI, Program Management, Apple, Project Management, PMP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/robertoplanos