Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Merchants Information Solutions, Inc Laveen, AZ I have a flexible and adaptable approach to project management and use tools and practices that will best serve each individual project. I enjoy building relationships with team members, stakeholders, clients and vendors. I can easily bridge the gap between business requirements and technological capabilities. I enjoy autonomy and am able to see the bigger picture based on stated product goals or organizational strategy. I have a depth of experience with project management and can take a project and run with it. I'm an effective communicator, both written and oral, and have a knack for leading project teams to define action items and develop resolutions to roadblocks quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Merchants Information Solutions, Inc - Phoenix, AZ June 2010 to Present As the Senior IT Project Manager, I'm responsible for planning and coordinating efforts supporting the roadmap for the Identity Theft product suite. Microsoft shop supporting the product suite consists of 6 customer facing web applications, 5 internal customer support applications and as well as WCF, SFTP, API and other ancillary core product services wrapped up underneath.  • Manage team of software developers and quality assurance analyst. Assign duties and perform annual reviews.  • Define and manage project requirements, product roadmap, responsible for implementation and product rollout.  • Assist with testing, test plans and success criteria.  • Participate in product marketing strategy.  • Manage product and customer enhancement requests.  • Prioritize enhancements for future software releases.  Cyclopedia Phoenix, AZ Project Manager Corpedia August 2009 to June 2010 As a Project Manager, I was responsible for the development and implementation of project plans supporting custom e-learning courses on behalf of Fortune 500 companies such as Fedex, Proctor & Gamble, and Johnson & Johnson. As a leader in risk assessment and e-learning for ethics and compliance, I was responsible for managing many projects simultaneously worth many millions of dollars in revenue at any given time.  • Plan and direct activities of designated projects to ensure that goals and objectives of project are accomplished on schedule.  • Create and maintain project plans for custom html and flash e-learning courses.  • Assure overall project quality by conducting Quality Control checks and testing of courseware and other translation deliverables.  • Maintain accurate records of projects and keep documentation current for project related information.  • Facilitate communication and provide issue resolution as needed.  • Prepare and approve weekly status updates, statement of work documents, and project quotes.  • Setup new projects and maintain communication and deadlines. Director of Product Development Element Payment Services, Inc - Phoenix, AZ January 2006 to February 2009 As the Director of Product Development, I was responsible for planning and execution throughout the product lifecycle for several key projects to the organization during my tenure. Key to the role was gathering and prioritizing product and customer requirements, defining the product vision, and managing product releases for a number of high level initiatives. One example is the successful initiation, planning, execution, launch and closing of a web reporting application supporting customers' credit card data including: authorizations, sales, batch, payment history and monthly reconciliation statements.  • Defined and managed requirements, product roadmap, responsible for implementation and product rollout.  • Successfully migrated customers from a competing reporting application.  • Assisted with testing, managed pilot and beta program.  • Defined product marketing strategy.  • Managed product and customer enhancement requests.  • Prioritized enhancements for future software releases. Director of Product Management Open Payment Technologies, Inc - Scottsdale, AZ 2000 to 2006 As the Director of Product Management, I was responsible for managing all applications, products and services in relation to the transaction processing platform. The gift and loyalty platform was annually processing $500 million dollars in stored value payments at the time I was there. I engaged with Sales in order to prioritize new development requests required to land additional accounts and participated in the implementation process for large revenue opportunities.  • Developed a roadmap for products and services.  • Successfully managed loyalty product launch in support of customer requirements.  • Managed project priorities and development of release schedule.  • Defined priorities for product improvements and product offerings.  • Evaluated financial attractiveness of business opportunities.  • Managed cross-functional product development activities including regular coordination with engineering, operations, customer service, and implementation.  • Served as champion for new initiatives in expanding products and services.  • Translated company strategy into action plans and projects.  • Supported continuous product improvements.  • Technical understanding of the product, extensive operations knowledge, recommended future products for the processing platform.  • Defined detailed business requirements in support of product enhancements. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Grand Canyon University 2013 Bachelor of Science degree in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2004 Associate of Applied Science degree in Applied Science Scottsdale Community College 2000 Skills PRODUCT LIFECYCLE (3 years), PRODUCT LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT, PROJECT MANAGEMENT, BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS (6 years), PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT (9 years), Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES    Product Lifecycle Management  Product Development  Project Management  Software Application Development  Waterfall / Agile Methodologies  SDLC  Business Requirements  Application Testing  TFS