Sr IT Analyst- City Planning Department IT Lead Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst- City Planning Department <span class="hl">IT</span> Lead City Planning Department IT Lead - City Of Kansas City Kansas City, MO Work Experience Sr IT Analyst- City Planning Department IT Lead City Of Kansas City - Kansas City, MO April 2017 to Present    Advanced level professional staff position within City Planning and Development department. Responsible for all department IT functions and architecture projects. Lead complex technical projects and problems, and coordination of project teams engaged in large size projects across departments. Performs all IT activities including helpdesk, VM server management, report writing, database applications, AV management.     • Technical leader with city integration into Energov civic services platform including configuration, crystal report writing and peripherals  • Plan and coordinate PC life upgrades and replacements  • Redesigned CPD conference rooms with latest in audio visual technology IT Director PPGreat - Overland Park, KS January 2016 to October 2016 Manage all computer infrastructure and operations for multiple offices. Collaborate with departments on projects involving technology maintenance, distribution, implementation, and integration. Implement planning processes that regularly evaluate new and existing technology and information systems. Create IT policies and procedures regarding architecture, development, security, disaster recovery, standards, service level agreements, purchasing, and service provisioning.  * Provided accountability and leadership that resulted in reduction of backlogged IT help tickets 74.4% in three weeks (from 78 to 20).  * Reviewed network provider contracts and costs/invoices associated with technology, saving $15,000 monthly and recovering $8,100 in billing errors and unused resources.  * Successfully increased speed of Nextgen on Citrix through load balancing.  * Initiated creation of IT merger plan with multiple clinics in Oklahoma, Kansas, Arkansas and Missouri.  * Interviewed new network providers and redesigned network for better efficiency; received quotes for new configuration saving over 20% compared vs. current configuration and provider.  * Initiated communication with Johnson County Community College to creating internship opportunities with PPG for level 1 EHR/ IT Analyst positions.  * Worked with Oxen technical services and performed a minor upgrade of EMR 3/25.  * Created new network / email accounts for 75+ new personnel and configured 18 new providers in the Nextgen EMR. Administered the Rosetta HL7 Interface system between the reference lab and clinics. Interface Analyst All Scripts contracted(Liberty Hospital) - Kansas City, MO February 2015 to January 2016 Provided guidance on integration of hospital information systems for solutions that included Chartmaxx, 3M, coding, and Allscripts Sunrise Care Manager. Developed and tested interfaces to and from all HIM systems. Connected interfaces to outside companies for reference labs and radiology consulting. Designed, developed, tested, and implemented full project life cycles. Analyzed interface specifications from sending and receiving systems to determine feasibility and interface methodology. Performed troubleshooting of interface issues and documented interfaces and incidents. Analyzed and identified complex problems within interface software.  * Acted as Lead in the building of the Siemens interface.  * Programmed interfaces in MONK on e-gate 2.5.1 and administered e-link. Attended e-link development class.  * Built new HL7 (version 2.2. - 2.5.1) interfaces for SoftMed LIS upgrade project in e-gate.  * Administered Allscritps SCM eLink engine, as well as Siemens openlink interface.  * Maintained interfaces based on user requirement changes and modifications to data formats, hardware platforms, and protocols. Independent Contractor Kansas City, MO November 2012 to January 2015 Senior Business Analyst / Project Manager  Formulated and defined systems scopes and objectives based upon user needs and business systems requirements for business enterprises on a contract basis. Devised and modified procedures to resolve issues regarding equipment capacity and limitations and operating time. Provided technical support and project coordination in maintaining networks, designing/configuring LANs, administering servers/systems and optimizing network security.  * Assisted with optimizing organizational efficiency by defining, delivering and supporting strategic plans for implementing information technologies.  * Directed technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices and user projects.  * Recommended information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes. Identified problems, evaluate trends and anticipate requirements. Senior Systems Analyst / Project Coordinator University of Southwestern Medical Center - Dallas, TX January 2011 to October 2012 Defined application issues by conferring with clients and evaluating processes and procedures. Organized, consolidated and develop the LIS system. Provided training and leadership to junior analysts. Directed systems reconfigurations via the change management processes.  * Served as Project Lead for several implementation projects (Histology LAB migration, Lab Specimen Collection Manager application, Care Logistics implementation, Children's Medical Center HL7 interface connection to UTSW LIS system and orders interface modification to EPIC CPOE).  * Reduced backlog 50% by developing an efficient triage system for Heat ticket system that ensured expedited attention and resolution of user problems.  * Tested and trouble shot information flow from LIS through cloverleaf HL7 engine to EPIC EMR and other ancillary systems requiring LIS flow.  * Documented instrument interface flow and operation checks, reducing problem resolution time by 70%.  * Interfaced architect i2000, Coulter Dxh 800, ACL-TOP including network connections. Re-wrote tests and re-verified results with lab personnel. Supported STAT order tracking boards' application.  * Generated an 80% decreased in critical LAB information turnaround time by developing automated reports and special reports utilizing Crystal Reports software on VM servers. IT / Systems Manager Johnson County Wastewater - Olathe, KS March 2008 to December 2010 Recruited to organize, consolidate, standardize and develop strategic plans for a more cohesive use of technologies. Led a 10-person cross-functional technical team. Managed $2.5 million capital and $1.2 million operating budgets.  * Spearheaded a system transition of outdated organization-wide technology to highly functional, streamlined and cost-effective client-server and Web based technologies business solutions, dramatically improving efficiency, decreasing expenses and optimizing data integrity/safety.  * Worked with Cayenta CIS team to configure and create reports for migration to new billing system * Orchestrated an inter-agency technology refresh of 150 desktop machines, resulting an $80,000 cost savings.  * Saved $25,000 annually by performing cost analysis of cell phone use, as well as printing and copier expenditures.  * Identified government fiber network sharing opportunities, realizing $20,000 per year reduction in T-1 line costs. Systems Engineer Cerner Corporation - Kansas City, MO October 2006 to March 2008 * Documented new systems' configurations and approved changes * Planned for future systems capacity of all hosted client domains and systems * Advanced troubleshooting for resolutions of client hosted systems * Supported Cerner millennium remote hosted clients on Citrix servers * Provided front and back-end server application support for client systems Systems Analyst II Louisiana State University Medical Center - New Orleans, LA February 1999 to September 2006 * Managed a $1.2M Misys LIS upgrade project as well as several related system upgrade projects * Reengineered and implemented a more reliable hardware upgrade and configuration for the statewide laboratory information system with the latest AIX 5.X, P650 server technology, and IBM 500 FastT SAN with McData fabric switches, which saved the state hospitals hundreds of man hours by reducing down time and outages by over 90% configured TCP Wrapper encryption software via KORN shell scripting on the AIX system for HIPAA compliance.  * As part of the LIS upgrade I configured an IBM 3583 LTO tape library with Tivoli saving 3 hours weekly changing and managing tape backups. This also assisted in disaster recovery planning for the data center and restored full laboratory services within 60 days after hurricane Katrina * Configured window server with oracle 8.x and installed Optimaxx LIS record archiving software and HP 320Ex optical jukebox.  * Developed electronic logs utilizing MS Access for CAP compliance inspections that eliminated paper processes.  * Responsible for forecasting LIS annual computer budget of over $750k and LIS systems special support projects.  * Supported and administered Sun UE6000 and Sunfire 280R running Solaris 6 and 8 hosting medical library software, Cisco works and oracle database. Also administered Citrix 4.0 servers presenting Siemens patient registration application.  * Planned and implemented Medicus coding software conversion to 3m Softmed encoder. Also, medical record tracking upgrade projects including configurations of new dell servers.  * Administered windows and novel servers hosting 3m Softmed encoder software, trauma tumor registry software, Cactus physician credential software and medical record tracking software.  * Coordinated installation of Siemens radiology information management system hardware and software configurations including workstation interfaces. RMS was hosted on a HP-UX OS. Coordinated Siemens document imaging hardware testing and hardware installation in all hospital clinics. Education M.S., Information Technology in Management Florida Institute of Technology - Melbourne, FL 2008 B.S. in Computer Science University of Central Oklahoma - Edmond, OK 1998 Skills AIX (7 years), Cerner (1 year), change management (1 year), Cisco (7 years), Citrix (9 years), Clients (Less than 1 year), Configuration Management (Less than 1 year), EHR (Less than 1 year), ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS (Less than 1 year), EPIC (1 year), GRAPHICAL USER INTERFACE (Less than 1 year), GUI (Less than 1 year), oracle (7 years), Oracle 8 (7 years), Solaris (7 years), TCP (7 years), UNIX (7 years), VIRTUAL MACHINE (3 years), VM (3 years), Web based (2 years), Strategic Planning, Vmware, exchange, Network Administration, SQL, Customer Service, Active Directory, HTML, Disaster Recovery, Excel, Vendor Management, VoIP, IT Management