SR IT PROJECT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER SR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> / SCRUM MASTER Experienced IT / SDLC Project Manager and Scrum Master Jacksonville, FL Results-focused Project Management Professional (PMP) and Certified Scrum Master (CSM) with two decades of experience in the financial services industry and over a decade of extensive Enterprise IT/SDLC project and product management and digital transformations.     Detail-oriented and deeply skilled leader with a proven track record identifying room for improvement in existing processes and developing comprehensive solutions that streamline daily operations and deliver measurable bottom-line improvement. Demonstrated ability with digital transformations and motivating personnel to achieve project objectives on-time, under-budget, and beyond expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR IT PROJECT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER Advanced Disposal - Ponte Vedra, FL November 2018 to Present • Fast-track delivery of DocuSign project to save the company $1M over three years.  • Project leader and Scrum Master for $1M eCommerce payment and customer service portal.  • Delivered critical PCI compliance project components for the Digital Platform program.  • Coordinated data center migration project along with a Citrix to Horizon migration.  • Utilized Jira, Confluence, MS Project, Teams, and Slack SR IT PROJECT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER - CONSULTANT TIAA Bank - Jacksonville, FL April 2018 to November 2018 • Scrum Master for Digital Marketing SDLC IT team tasked with developing the integration points for 3rd party client communication software to be used with Straight through Account Opening (STAO) program.  • Scrum ceremonies, TFS, SharePoint, forecasting, and budgetary duties.  • Proficient with PWA/ Project Server. STRATEGIC PROJECT MANAGER Southeastern Grocers - Jacksonville, FL February 2016 to April 2018 • Coordinated the timely and ambitious enterprise delivery of the private label/Own Brand program that contained reformulations and rebranding for over 7,000 new and updated products.  • Created and implemented internal tracking mechanism that collected inputs from design vendor, marketing, supply chain, and the C-suite.  • Delivered supply chain warehouse optimization projects that saved $1.2M by consolidating routes.  • Facilitated business process mapping efforts for the Real Estate and Construction teams in order to identify gaps and develop solutions that led to cost and resource efficiencies. PROJECT MANAGER VyStar Credit Union - Jacksonville, FL March 2015 to January 2016 • Gathered project requirements and collaborated with team members to develop project plans with clear milestones, deliverables, and schedules utilizing waterfall and scrum methodologies.  • Created project charters, business requirements, functional specs, training, and communication plans for all projects. SENIOR BUSINESS ANALYST/SCRUM MASTER CIT Group - Jacksonville, FL August 2013 to March 2015 As Scrum Master, I updated user stories, groomed the product backlog, held stand up meetings, and coordinated SIT, QA, and UAT testing for middleware product enhancements and bug fixes, and used agile scrum methodology to implement the Equipment Finance System's custom allowance and usage-based billing system. SR PROJECT MANAGER CONSULTANT at Everbank Interactive Resources/EverBank - Jacksonville, FL December 2012 to July 2013 Recruited to manage projects focused on ensuring mortgage lending product changes complied with regulatory guidelines and finished ahead of strict schedules and manage 3rd party vendor relationship for Home Lending website. PROJECT MANAGER / SCRUM MASTER Lender Processing Services - Jacksonville, FL December 2008 to November 2012 Led SDLC IT projects and liaised with Chase and Wells Fargo on-site teams, collected and reported on project time, budget, risk, and IT resource management, and responsible for client communications and defect reporting. Conducted daily standups, sprint retrospectives, sprint planning, and sprint review sessions. SR. AUDIT CONSULTANT Washington Mutual/Chase - Jacksonville, FL July 2007 to November 2008 Prepared and performed research for internal audits, external investor audits, Regulation AB testing and reporting, RCSA control testing and remediation, rating agency questionnaires, and contact with business units to request and verify information for rating agency questionnaires. Project Manager Citibank - Jacksonville, FL 2006 to 2007 Resource Manager LOGS/First American - Jacksonville, FL 2001 to 2006 Education Master of Arts in English University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL 2008 Bachelor of Arts in English University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL 1993 Skills Pmp certified, Pmp, Ecommerce, Jira, Training, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, CSM, PM, Scrum Master, Scrum, Kanban Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/rjasonbrady Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2015 to September 2021 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) September 2013 to September 2020