IT Integration Project Manager, Mergers & Acquisitions <span class="hl">IT</span> Integration <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Mergers &amp; Acquisitions IT Integration Project Manager, Mergers & Acquisitions Antioch, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Integration Project Manager, Mergers & Acquisitions MB Financial, Inc - Rosemont, IL February 2019 to May 2019 February 2019 - May 2019  • Waterfall/Agile Environment  • Provided IT Project Management support to both Fifth Third Bank (FTB) and MB Financial IT Leadership and Project Teams during the final stages of the IT Integration.  • Collaborated with all MB Lines of Business (LOB) to identify and document IT Playbook Tasks/Requirements (Infrastructure, Applications, Security) impacting IT for Conversion Weekend. Scheduled weekly IT Playbook Meetings with IT Teams to ensure the tasks were properly documented, along with task execution times, and task ownership for Conversion Weekend.  • Coordinated and attended Onsite Meetings with Fifth Third Bank and MB Financial IT and LOB Team Leads to discuss the Operational and Infrastructure impacts during Conversion Weekend. Captured, communicated, and followed-up on Action Items/Concerns associated with each LOB so that both FTB and MB IT Teams could resolve in advance to avoid any issues during Conversion Weekend. (Examples: File Transfers Timings, Network/Email/Printing/Phone Availability, Customer Communications).  • Member of the MB IT Testing Team, responsible for attending daily meetings to capture and communicate meeting minutes, action items, issues/risks associated with the testing resources, application availability, and schedule/timeline.  • Provided Integration Program Status Reports to Leadership and Stakeholders. Implementation Project Manager, Client Implementations/PBM CVS Health - Northbrook, IL September 2018 to January 2019 • Agile Methodology Environment  • Provide Project Management Support to (4) Sr. Implementation Managers for small to moderately complex sized Client Implementations during Peak Season/Welcome Season/Open Enrollment.  • Responsible for coordinating, managing, and executing project activities related to Client Implementations for 80+ Clients, including: Managing and Communicating Project Status Updates, Coordinating Schedules, Managing Project Meetings, Task Tracking and Execution, Testing, Project Reporting, and Administrative Support.  • Use Outlook, Excel, Tableau Reporting, SharePoint, PeopleSafe, and Salesforce.com tools for Project Management, Tracking, Communication, and Execution. IT Associate Project Manager, PMO, Workplace Solutions / Unified Communications & Collaboration Kellogg Company - Oak Brook, IL January 2017 to February 2018 January 2017 - February 2018    Project Coordination:  • Waterfall/Agile Methodology Environment  • Coordinate multiple IT projects and work-streams related to the success of the Skype for Business Global Deployment Program impacting 5000+ users  • Coordinate and communicate deployment activities, equipment management, project financials, document/communicate meeting minutes, action item follow-ups, uploading project documentation onto Project SharePoint site  • Facilitate daily/weekly/monthly meetings and teleconferences with Project Stakeholders and Teams to provide a forum for effective communications, to coordinate resource activities, identify and resolve risks and issues, and provide detailed reporting (Meeting Notes/Action Items)  • Responsible for coordinating and scheduling additional activities and resources, both internal and external, as required for successful completion of site visits and migrations. (Network Team, Electrical / Fiber / Cabling/Paging work)  • 3rd Party Vendor Management/Site Assessments: Collaborate with Procurement, Legal, and Project Team to vet and onboard vendors. Coordinate and facilitate daily/weekly meetings to document and align both teams on Project Goals, Roles, Responsibilities, Deadlines, etc.  • Equipment Management: Order, Track, Communicate Status of equipment needed for each site migration with the Business Analyst, Site Contact, and Project Team  • Create and maintain project documentation (Microsoft Project, SharePoint, PowerPoint, Excel, and Teams)    Financial Management ($2M):  • Maintain comprehensive records and files for: Purchase Orders, Invoices, Payment Processing, Monthly Reconciliation with Project Manager, Program Manager, and IT Finance Teams.  • Hardware/Software Purchasing Lifecycle Management Support  • Asset / Depreciation Management: Track and submit Capital Expenses for Quarterly Capitalization  • Monthly Financial Reconciliation: Collaborate with Program Manager, Project Manager, Accounting, Procurement, and Vendors to resolve invoicing issues, Budget Actuals and Forecast Planning IT Associate Project Manager, Service Delivery, Infrastructure/Telecom, Vendor Management HSA Bank - Milwaukee, WI March 2016 to September 2016 • Waterfall/Agile Methodology Environment  • Plan and implement low to moderately complex project plans and budgets; contribute to the development of moderate to highly complex project plans and budgets.  • Manage aspects of Project Charter Development, to include documenting business needs, defining impact on all existing processes, and obtaining appropriate review/approvals.  • Track project plan performance to ensure timely delivery of all milestones and objectives.  • Coordinate testing with clients and team members.  • Facilitate the development of process/metrics to measure project results.  • Monitor post- project activities to determine success of project; develop and recommend areas of improvement. IT Project Coordinator, PMO, Applications/DEV, Operations HSA Bank - Milwaukee, WI April 2015 to March 2016 • Waterfall/Agile Methodology Environment  • Provide administrative support to IT Leadership and Department.  • Use Outlook to facilitate project logistics such as emails, meetings, conference rooms, and conference calls.  • Scribe meeting minutes for decisions, follow-ups, and action items during meetings, publish/distribute minutes, and perform basic follow-up with Project Managers and Tech Leads.  • Use PowerPoint to create Monthly Executive Presentations on Program & Project status.  • Organize, publish, and manage Program and Project related documentation in various sources for reporting/analysis. (i.e., SharePoint)  • Plan, coordinate, and execute monthly IT - All Employee Meetings.  • Serve as a liaison with IT, Procurement, Legal, and Controlling for software purchases.  • Serve as liaison for meeting planning/coordination for internal and external employees, along with vendors and clients.  • Assist in creating and submitting Service Now Requests, along with software/hardware requests, for new temps/perms in IT, follow-up with IT-Infrastructure on progress, and notify colleague/ manager when complete, or when issues arise.  • Use Excel and Visio to track new/terminated employees for the monthly Headcount Report and IT Organization Chart.  • Communicate key information to the department via email. IT Project Coordinator / Administrator (PMO & Governance Team) VW Credit, Inc - Libertyville, IL August 2014 to January 2015 • Waterfall/Agile Methodology Environment  • Member of Program Management Office team dedicated to large-scale, multi-million dollar/year Program impacting 70% of the application portfolio and implementing partnership with external providers of hosted software solutions.  • Project Documentation, Issue/Risk Tracking, Meeting Coordination & Facilitation, Project Scheduling & Maintenance, Status Reporting, Resource Allocation (Planview) planning and maintenance. Create/Maintain project schedule, track action, maintaining documents in Program SharePoint site.  • Use Outlook to facilitate project logistics such as emails, meetings, conference rooms, and conference calls.  • Use Word to create meeting agendas and project communication materials for project team members, supervisors, and business partners.  • Scribe meeting minutes for decisions, follow-ups, and action items. Publish/distribute minutes, and perform basic follow-up with Program and Project Managers.  • Use PowerPoint to create Monthly Executive Presentations on Program & Project status.  • Organize, publish, and manage Program and Project related documentation in various sources for reporting/analysis. (i.e., SharePoint)  • Assist Program and Project Managers with project planning, tracking and reporting.  • Track and help to resolve project issues as needed. Monitor and track risk identification and mitigation efforts.  • Ensure change control process are executed by IT and Business Program and Project Managers.  • Collaborate with other IT groups involved in the project delivery process.  • Resource management of permanent/contract employees working on multiple programs/ projects. Update distribution lists, meeting invites, and meeting documents on Program SharePoint site.  • Assist Program Managers with Staffing Administrative Tasks including:  ? Created Position Requisitions, circulate for signatures, process with Controlling, and provide updates to Program Managers.  ? Open Hardware/Software requests and System Access Requests with IT-Operations to ensure employee's workstation and computer is configured before start date.  • Plan and coordinate monthly Program updates and luncheons for those involved on the Program (approx. 200 employees). IT Executive Coordinator for VP/CIO, IT Leadership VW Credit, Inc - Libertyville, IL June 2008 to January 2015 • Provide full administrative support to (1) VP/CIO, (4) IT General Managers, (1) IT Senior Finance Manager, and the IT Department as a whole (approx. 350 permanent and contract employees).  • Use Outlook to facilitate project logistics such as emails, meetings, conference rooms, and conference calls.  • Use Word to create meeting agendas and project communication materials for project team members, supervisors, and business partners.  • Use PowerPoint to create Monthly and Quarterly Executive Presentations  • Use Concur System and Outlook to coordinate domestic and international travel arrangements including processing Expense Reports.  • Manage multiple tasks and projects on a daily basis within the IT Department to ensure that the business runs smoothly.  • Manage elaborate and efficient filing system, both electronic and hard-copy, for IT Leadership and Department.  • Plan, coordinate, and execute IT - All Employee Meetings 3-4 times a year, both on and off-site.  • Plan, coordinate, and execute IT - All Team -Building events; twice a year, both on and off-site.  • Prepare, process, and follow-up on Check Requests, Invoices, Purchase Orders, Purchase Requisitions, and Project Appropriation Request to ensure timely delivery of goods and services.  • Provide support to the Project Management Office (PMO):  ? Assist with the creation and distribution of the monthly IT Executive Summary Report.  ? Generate, publish, and email weekly, monthly, and quarterly Status Reports.  ? Use Dreamweaver to publish/update reports, org charts, presentations, and information on the internal IT website.  ? Create process documents for reports, and upload to SharePoint site. (Knowledge Sharing)  ? Resource Allocation (Planview) planning and maintenance.  • Use Outlook and SharePoint to support the IT-Ops Training Coordinator as a Training Administrator with the training schedule for VCI- IT.  • Assist in creating and submitting System Access Requests, along with software/hardware requests, for new temps/perms in IT, follow-up with IT-Ops on progress, and notify colleague/ manager when complete, or when issues arise.  • Serve as go-to person for external employees from Corporate, Auburn Hills, Portland, Canada, and Germany with meeting planning at the Chicago Service Center.  • Use Outlook to coordinate company milestone anniversaries for IT Senior Management.  • Use Excel and Visio to track new/terminated employees for the monthly Headcount Report, Fire Team/Security Update, IT Organization Chart.  • Keep track of, and order, inventory/supplies for all of IT to ensure staff have what they need to perform their job effectively.  • Communicate key information to the department via email. VCI, Customer Care Supervisors and Representatives VCI Customer Care Department May 2007 to June 2008 internal monthly newsletter, Up To Speed, from May 2007 to June 2008. Highly skilled in putting information in a creative format, which has resulted in receiving positive feedback from the Director of VCI, Customer Care Supervisors and Representatives. Created the verbiage for the Customer Care Excellence Award. License and Title Administrator VW Credit, Inc - Libertyville, IL October 2006 to June 2008 • Maintain title delinquency below defined objectives by using a variety of research and contact methods. Perform front and back-end title follow-up with dealerships, DMV's, outsource vendors (Assurant / Par) and/or customers to resolve title issues in a timely manner.  • Prioritize workflow to perform multiple roles in high volume processing operation. Troubleshoot discrepancies on titles; verify that all pertinent information is completed accurately on all documents to ensure a perfect title.  • Create and update the Titles Statistics Board with weekly statistics and provide a daily positive message to motivate the team.  • Provide input and suggested ways to improve processes, including the releasing of the liens for Kentucky retail customers, resulting in customer satisfaction when obtaining a "free and clear" title. Created customized letters for the title-holding states within my region to aid in resolution of missing titles. IT Client Services Representative Milwaukee Career College - Milwaukee, WI November 2005 to July 2006 Admissions Coordinator February 2005 to November 2005 Client Services Assistant April 2004 to February 2005 • Serve as a liaison in the Information Technology Department for the students, instructors, and various government sponsors associated with the Private Industry Council (P.I.C). Ensure that all lines of communications were effective in helping students achieve their goal of bettering their socioeconomic status. Wrote training proposals for curriculum programs and maintained and updated all student files.  • Deliver sales presentations to groups and individuals to generate business for the Information Technology Department. Advise clients on the options available to meet a wide range of corporate training needs. Create marketing and promotional materials under the direction of my supervisor.  • Market MCC through attending various events in the community such as college fairs, business expositions / trade shows, and networking events to benefit the college in terms of student enrollment, internships and placement. Networked with guidance counselors at local high schools and coordinated college visits.  • Plan, coordinate, and ran MCC events (New Student Orientation, Graduation, Blood Drive, Earth Day, Hunger Task Force-Food Donations).  • Coordinate and participate in all the Advisory Board Meetings, held tri-annually, by recording meeting minutes and distributing to the all members once approved by the President of the college.  • Serve as first point of contact for potential and new students. Tracked recruitment leads in a weekly, monthly, and yearly basis for the MCC business plan. Research and compile data on various media outlets for MCC advertising campaigns. Compile student survey data to assist management in identifying strengths and weaknesses. Education B.A. in Sociology University of Wisconsin - Whitewater, WI 2003 A.A. in General Education College of Lake County - Grayslake, IL 2000 Skills Dreamweaver, Sharepoint, Visio, Planview, Salesforce.com, Livelink, Sap, Microsoft office, Publisher, SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology