Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager of Facilities Services West Covina, CA • B.S in Computer Network Management West Seeking a dynamic position to solve organizational problems with effective technical and  Wood College analytical solutions. Skilled in IT, construction and Hospital facility projects, that range from a  Anaheim, CA. 2008 full network infrastructure upgrade to major system database migration, medical office building  construction and new construction and refreshes within a Hospital environment. Extremely  professional with strong planning, training, communication and leadership skills. Fluent in Work Experience Project Manager Arthrex - Industry, CA October 2018 to Present Manage and lead the implementation of the Synergy Matrix product line throughout the United States. Synergy Matrix is the World’s first surgical end-to-end 4K integrated video system.     •Lead and execute synergy integrated projects in a retrofit and new construction environments.   •Lead and execute all aspects of the Project Management process, while creating and driving the deployment strategy for the integration team  • Plan, organize, lead and monitor the activities of the project team via Workfront   • Manage third party integrator and project assignments   • Manage procurement processes and coordinate material and resources allocation   • Work closely with Quality and Regulatory assurance group to ensure compliance and quality per FDA regulations.   •  Provide management deliverable ( Project Plan, Project Change Requests and Project Lists)  • Build Project Plans, MS Project schedules, Visio system diagrams and conduct WebEx conference calls with stakeholders  • Execute and complete multiple tasks and projects in effective and timely matter  • Track the status of deliverable, meeting minutes and any decisions made regarding Project Change Requests and outstanding issues  • Maintain regular contact with the Client Project Manager, providing the status of project progress   Technical point of contact for all Clinical Informatics products dealing with Electronic Medical Records integration such as EPIC, Allscripts, and Cerner.  • Provide troubleshooting support to hospital administrators dealing with HL7 and DICOM either onsite or through remote software applications   Establish and maintain strong working relationships with hospital staff and account executives within the supported area to help support sales  • Familiar with HIPAA PHI regulations and hospital procedures, Reptrax, Simplr and VendorMate compliant   Knowledge of high-resolution digital video formats including, switching and signal distribution Project Manager of Facilities Services Mission Viejo and Laguna Beach - Mission Viejo, CA 2016 to 2018 • Responsible for managing the work order system by Maintenance and Engineering.  • Coordinate various programs utilized within Facilities (Ceiling permit program, Indoor Air  Quality Measurements, Emergency Notebook and blue print management )  • Oversea the ground program and manage projects internal and those performed by outside contractors.  • Ensure that records for preventative maintenance, fire alarm systems are complete and compliance with various regulatory agencies.  • Ensure that landscaping of the entire facility is always maintained.  • Manage and inventory project and facility drawings to ensure that integrity of the records  are maintained.  • Ensure that all emergency systems (electrical, medical gas, fire systems) are accurate and regularly updated.  • Oversee signage, purchases, supplies, production and installation that are part of the Hospital facilities.  Projects:  • OSHPD project - High level disinfectant tunnel wash replacement  (Completed)  • OSHPD project - Network infrastructure access points upgrade. (Laguna Beach Hospital, Mission Viejo Hospital and Medical Office Buildings)  (Completed)  • OSHPD project - Hospital wide television service upgrade (Laguna and Mission Viejo  Hospital) COX analog to digital. (Ongoing)  • OSHPD project - Nuclear medicine (MRI Rooms) equipment upgrade and patient room  re-design. (Active)  • OSHPD project - Pharmacy HVAC upgrade (existing HVAC was undersized and was not  providing adequate pressure for the clean room)(Active)  • Wayfinding application project - Working hand in hand with IT to add application signal  catchers throughout the entire Hospital (Both campuses) (Active)  • Exterior signage refresh - working hand and hand with city officials and design architects.  (Active)  • Cancer Center - New construction of 104,000sqft building with a 5 story car garage, building will house Radiation oncology, Nuclear medicine, Diagnostic imaging and a 40 bay  infusion area. (Active)  1244 E. Adul St West Covina, CA 91792  EddieVarela@gmail.com IT Project Coordinator II Retail Outlet Systems, Lucky Brand Jeans, Los 2015 to 2016 • Technical lead between all IT vendors and business operations.  • IT communications lead of making the business aware of upcoming, projects and business  impact.  • Lead of managing IT service vendors to make certain that  service level agreements are met, utilizing Samanage  incident system.  • IT lead coordinator of IT related equipment in new retail and outlet stores.  • IT lead of procuring and managing all IT equipment ranging  from Point of sale machines, store network infrastructure and telephone systems with the utilization of Samanage incident  system.  • IT lead of new and closing retail/outlet locations.  • IT lead of managing monthly inventory maintenance, data and voice budgets for Lucky Brand  Jeans corporate, retail and outlet locations  • IT lead of new hardware implementation.  Projects:  • Upgraded existing T1 line circuits, ranging from a minimum of 10MB/10MB to a Maximum 250MB/250MB at 260 Luck Brand Jeans stores that reside in the US, Canada and Puerto  Rico.  • Managed the point of sale software migration from Windows XP to Micros at 260 stores and created a "how to" document for the vendor to follow.  • Managed the transfer of all telephone services at 260 stores from one telephone service vendor  to another.  • Successfully managed and opened 6 new stores from an IT stand point.  • Upgraded 260 stores data rack, point of sales and workstation battery backup supply units.  • Created a new service agreement contract for new store installs and routine IT maintenance for retail and outlet locations.  • Project managed and created the scope of work of upgrading the Lucky Brand Jeans  headquarters phone infrastructure from Analog to VOIP.  • Managed a cost savings telecommunications project with an estimated yearly savings of $135K  • Project managed Tyco Security and implemented a new CCTV over IP systems for Retail, Outlet  and Corporate sites.  1244 E Adul St West Covina, CA 91792  EddieVarela@gmail.com  Operations/Facilities Project Manager, Taco Bell Corporate, Irvine, CA  |2013-2015  • Define, test and implement multiple projects across 400-900 Company operated Taco Bell  and ensure consistent and integrated implementation of service is segmented across all  units. Deliver the total business solutions on time and on budget.  • Collaborate with senior management partners from IT, Engineering and Marketing. To plan  business initiatives to accomplish program objectives. Identify and resolve project issues and manage project risk.  • Establish and manage cost, schedules and performance of large highly complex projects.  Fully accountable for complex/diverse projects with a high degree of business risk.  • Manage all projects utilizing the Officetrax platform database and Microsoft project office.  • Worked and presented projects to local jurisdictions for permit and scope of work  approval when city and/or state requested for company requesting permit to be present.    Projects:  • Managed the implementation of upgrading the drive thru communication hardware for  900 Taco Bells with the ability to answer the telephone via the headset. Implementation  worth $1.7M that came right on budget and 1 week prior than the actual date of completion.  • Managed the implementation of upgrading 685 Taco Bells Energy Management  Systems with a worth of $1.5M. Project return of investment in electrical utilities reported to be $1M in a course of 1 year.  • Managed the implementation of installing 400W LED parking lot lights at 400 Taco Bells  and the installation of 800W Metal Halide parking lot lights at 435 Taco Bells. With a budget of $3.5M that came right on budget and completed 2 days than the actual date of  completion. Project return of investment in electrical utilities reported to be $1.5M in a course of 2 years  • Managed the implementation of upgrading 732 Taco Bells landscape watering systems, project scope was to installing smart weather sensors, low flow nozzles and digital  watering time clock. Project was completed 2 weeks than the actual date of completion.  Return of investment in water utilities was $2.5M in a course of 3years.  • Managed the implementation of breakfast from a facility stand point by installing coffee  machines at 900 Taco Bells and implementing the language of Breakfast on all road, high  rise and mid-rise signs.  • Managed the upgrade of 872 food preparation lines with a budget of$20.5M, the goal  was to prepare Taco Bell for its next big initiative, to sell breakfast and expand their menu.  The project completed right on the date it was reported and on budget. Senior Technical Analyst II Taco Bell Corporate, Irvine - West Covina, CA 2005 to 2013 Managed the technical stand point of 1,530 company owned and 3,438 Franchise  owned Taco Bell stores that utilize SCO Linux, Suse Linux or Red hat Linux operating  system for the manager's back office computer.  • Coordinate field dispatches that consist of Point of sale equipment, Drive thru headsets and Time management equipment, Internet (Cable, 3G, 4G, Satellite  and DSL) Drive thru communication boards, and back office computer related  equipment. Utilizing Remedy platform database.  • Taco Bell service desk senior technical lead for any hardware related escalations.  • New hire and existing employee technical trainer.  • Project managed 800 corporate and franchised stores back of house computer upgrades.  • Assist franchise owners with technical related contracts and guidance on choosing the best back office computer platform that best fits their needs.  • Represent Taco bell in weekly vendor meetings regarding contract agreements and status updates with maintenance related calls.  • Lead on creating documentation with new ways of troubleshooting devices and proper  escalation paths.  • Project owner of 980 Taco bells network cabling re configuration.  • Lead on providing vendors with the current software image.  • Senior lead of special hardware teams that consist of 4 Analyst per team. Broadband, drive  Thru timers, Order confirmation boards and Point of sales devices. Medical Records Clerk St. Jude Heritage Health Care - Fullerton, CA 2003 to 2005 Gather patient information by collecting demographic information from a variety of sources; interacting with registration areas and physicians' offices; retrieving  information from automated printer.  • Maintain master patient index by completing assigned portion of daily audit trail;  correct and communicate problems according to established procedures.  • Initiate the medical record by creating and processing the patient care record folder.  • Maintain record availability by processing charts into the department; using chart mark- off procedures; facilitating chart location activities.  • Retrieve medical records by following chart-out procedures; documenting reasons  charts cannot be retrieved for statistical and follow-up purposes.  • Keep health care providers informed by communicating availability or unavailability of the record. Education Bachelor's Skills Maintenance, Project manager, Project plan, Project plans, Cisco, Hipaa, Polycom, Voip, Switching, Ms project, Epic, Idx, Cerner, Meditech, Visio, Deployment, Assembly, Cctv, Point of sale, Construction management, Outlook, Scheduling, Word, budget, Estimating Additional Information Skills Spanish and English  • Software: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Relevant Experience  Outlook, Power point , Project and Visio), Project Manager - Synergy, Arthrex, Inc. 2018 - Present  Meditech, EPIC, IDX, Cerner, Work Front,  • Manage and lead the implementation of the Synergy Matrix product line  Officetrax and Samanage.  throughout the United States. Synergy Matrix is the World's first surgical end-to-end 4K  • Hardware: Point of sales Machines, mobile  integrated video system.  point of sale, Desktop, Laptop, Drive thru  • Lead and execute synergy integrated projects in a retrofit and new construction  communication component assembly, environments.  installations, systems operations, • Lead and execute all aspects of the Project Management process, while creating and driving  maintenance, CCTV over IP, VOIP systems the deployment strategy for the integration team  • Plan, organize, lead and monitor the activities of the project team via Workfront  (Cisco and Polycom) • Manage third party integrator and project assignments  • Management: Project management, Project • Manage procurement processes and coordinate material and resources allocation  • Work closely with Quality and Regulatory assurance group to ensure compliance and  coordination, vendor management. Asset  quality per FDA regulations.  management, construction management, • Provide management deliverable ( Project Plan, Project Change Requests and Project Lists)  property management and Hospital facility • Build Project Plans, MS Project schedules, Visio system diagrams and conduct WebEx  management. conference calls with stakeholders  • Execute and complete multiple tasks and projects in effective and timely matter  • Track the status of deliverable, meeting minutes and any decisions made regarding Project  Change Requests and outstanding issues  • Maintain regular contact with the Client Project Manager, providing the status of project  progress  • Technical point of contact for all Clinical Informatics products dealing with Electronic  Medical Records integration such as EPIC, Allscripts, and Cerner.  • Establish and maintain strong working relationships with hospital staff and account  executives within the supported area to help support sales  • Familiar with HIPAA and PHI regulations.  • Familiar and fully understand ICRA and ILSM process and documentation.  • Knowledge of high-resolution digital video formats including, switching and signal  distribution