QA Analyst QA Analyst Quality Project Analyst - Multiplan Inc Anna, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience QA Analyst Quality Assurance II, Maximus Inc December 2017 to Present Performed calibration of QA Auditors. Trained incoming Service Representatives in the QA procedure. Conducted bi-weekly calibrations of Operations Supervisors and Managers. Performed all QA Supervisor duties. Collaborated with head contractor to insure all sub-contracts were calibrated. Created and implemented process improvements, and as part of continuous improvement followed up by creating reports to tracking KPIs. Handled special projects as needed for overall increase in training efficiency and delivery. Reviewed call monitoring and provided accurate analysis of calls, using standardized analysis methods. Collaborated with call quality team members to identify and streamline processes and implement process standards that enhance service delivery and the customer experience. Provided feedback to call center supervisor and operations managers for increased efficiency and effectiveness. Participated in design of call monitoring formats and quality standards. Delivered structured and timely recommendations both verbal and/or written feedback to the Quality Supervisor and/or Quality Manager for employee enhancement. Worked within the TQM process environment, follow all systems of TQM. Assessed script adherence and compliance with Maximus call center and Healthnet guidelines. Participated in customer and client listening programs to identify customer needs and expectations. Quality Project Analyst Multiplan Inc 2017 to Present Performing audits of quality team members. Perform data queries and prepared reports on weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis. Use Excel functions to generate spreadsheets and pivot tables. Project coordinated Business Process Optimization project across 2 geographic regions including Texas and Utah. Project coordinator of the audit revision form project also across same geographic regions. Project team member of all projects within the Quality Organization. Analyze and determine root cause using quality analysis tools. Performed calibration of QA Auditors. Senior IT Business Manager Richardson, TX 2001 to 2013 Accountable for driving and performing resolution of routine and/or complex technical issues across environments used to provide services for clients that have a need for high-availability of their systems, products and services. Strategic problems identifier from foundation through resolution while driving teams in IT and business toward optimum resolution. Facilitated multiple daily issue status calls between the various IT applications and business. Managed Post Deployment Support activities, including facilitating PDS document agreement meeting, PDS document creation, resource assignment, PDS document sign-off, etc. Responsible for managing the defects found in the entire lifecycle of a large, complex suite of ordering and billing software. Reviewed all new defects for accurate priority, defect information and correct assignment, thereby reducing erroneous priority and assignments, which decreases overall defect resolution times. Liaison between business and development to ensure high severity defects are addressed in a timeframe appropriate for the business client. Facilitated multiple daily defect status calls between the various applications in the billing and ordering software suite. Planned and implemented bi-weekly root cause analysis meetings and manage meeting outcomes to ensure data integrity gathered for defect root causes. Identified accurate metrics to be provided to applications teams to improve troubled areas of code, configuration, or process. Mediated all defect related disagreements between various teams, responsible for final decision. Arranged and facilitated ad hoc working sessions between multiple teams to resolve defects expeditiously. Remotely reviewed and resolved defects in working sessions using Citrix. Identified areas of improvement within the defect management process to decrease defects or defect turnaround times. Extensive knowledge in HP Quality Center/ALM, with focus in Defect module. Project managed the migration from a company owned defect management tool to Quality Center (QC). Installed Windows Server and HP Quality Center/ALM on Server supporting over 300 PCs. Project managed the implementation of Quality Center (QC) across three geographic regions. Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), ALM (5 years), Microsoft Project (5 years) Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP July 2018 to July 2021