IT Manager/ Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Specialist Seven Valleys, PA IT Professional with experience in Designing computer and Network (Internet, Intranet, FTP Servers, computers, etc.) ensuring effective and efficient running systems. Highly motivated with strong Analytical, Technical Skills in maintaining Network and System Operations. Experience in Managing IT Projects maintaining the best practices for IT Systems operation and Security Standard. Excellent communication and Leadership. Fully Bilingual in English and Spanish. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/ Project Manager ZionTech, Inc. - York, PA February 2019 to Present • Assembling project plans, giving teamwork assignments, identifying resource needs and escalating any issues appropriatelyPreparing the business case and showing the impact of a project in terms of costs, savings, revenues and benefitsTracking key project milestones and adjusting project plans to meet the needs of the businessManaging budgets and timescales effectivelyBuilding strong working relationships with all key stakeholdersCoordinating effective communication with all stakeholders throughout the processEnsuring an excellent understanding of the project at hand and the priorities of the business units affected by any change IT Manager FBM - New Freedom, PA August 2018 to February 2019 Small project - Contract for 6 months    Manage information technology and computer systems  Plan, organize, control and evaluate IT and electronic data operations  Manage IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance  Design, develop, implement and coordinate systems, policies and procedures  Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems  Act in alignment with user needs and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy  Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in time  Audit systems and assess their outcomes  Preserve assets, information security and control structures  Handle annual budget and ensure cost effectiveness  Speaking to management team/clients to find out what they want and to advise them objectively on where IT might make a difference to the business  Planning the stages of the projects and how each affects the business  Coordinating the project team  Agreeing costs, timescales and standards to be met and monitoring these throughout the projects  Adjusting the plans where needed  Making sure there is a smooth change over from the old systems to the new ones  Keeping management and clients updated on progress  Evaluation of each project stage and once completed IT Specialist Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - Humacao, P.R., US June 2017 to July 2018 1 year contract. System Administrator MMM Holdings LLC - San Juan, PR March 2016 to May 2017 1 year contract Professor IBC - Humacao, P.R., US January 2015 to March 2016 IT Systems Auditor Cooperativa Cidreña - Cidra, P.R., US September 2014 to November 2014 Small project, Contracted Work. IT Specialist Pepsico - San Juan, PR September 2014 to October 2014 Small project, Contracted Work. Arcos Dorados - San Juan, PR April 2014 to September 2014 Arcos Dorados San Juan, P.R. Apr 2014 - Sep 2014 (5 Month Contract)  (McDonalds Franchise)  System Administator Operations Support Specialist Consulting Company - San Juan, PR June 2013 to December 2013 Small project, Contracted Work. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard - Aguadilla, PR June 2006 to February 2013 GlaxoSmithKline - Cidra, P.R., US December 2004 to April 2006 Education Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science & Information Technology in Computer Science & Information Technology University of Maryland School of Information & Technology 2006 Skills Active Directory. (Less than 1 year), Cisco (Less than 1 year), DataStage (Less than 1 year), Factory Works (Less than 1 year), GMP (Less than 1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Servers: Windows NT, 2008, 2012, 2016  Software: Kronos, SAP, Factory Works, Web Admin, FileZilla, CA Workload, Spectrum, DataStage, Sterling, SQL Server, NetBackup, IIS, Onbase  Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, UNIX, Oracle, Office 365, Active Directory  Infrastructure/Servers: TCP/IP Protocols, network security, Cloud-based solutions, GMP, Cisco routers/switches, WAN, LAN, VoIP, VLAN, VPN, and Wi-Fi.    COVER LETTER    I have in depth experience in Information Technology performing similar responsibilities to those listed in the job posting and meet the requirements for the position. I am very interested in joining Your Company. I look forward to speak with you and the hiring managers to discuss this opening and my qualifications. Feel free to contact me at your convenience for any additional information, or to coordinate a meeting.