IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director Troy, NY Top-performing IT Management Professional with over 20 years of progressive experience in business leadership and a demonstrated record of improving organizational effectiveness and operational efficiency. Strong project management expertise designing and implementing technology solutions that drive process improvements and result in improved competitive position. Highly accomplished business strategist adept at planning, analysis and budget forecasting while building and maintaining vendor relationships. Work Experience IT Director Horizon Bradco - Schenectady, NY 2016 to Present Responsible for the management of all communications, security, software and network and staff at all locations. IT project planning, outsourced vendor management, hardware/software implementation etc. Designs, recommends and implements solutions for new and existing projects. Building and maintaining vendor relationships and performing contract negotiations. Employee development through training and mentorship.  Key Accomplishments  • Completely overhauled the Field Service process, implementing new applications to 200+ techs in the field  • Mobile application development using MobileFrame (.Net framework)  • Development of management dashboard, KPI's and other reporting Metrics tools.  • Migration from Exchange to cloud based Office365  • Voice/data upgraded at 4 locations with new Fiber, SIP and failover data. IT Manager/ Project Manager FORT MILLER GROUP - Greenwich, NY 2014 to 2016 Responsible for the management of all voice, data, security and network communications. IT project planning, Implementing VMWare for server consolidation. Designs, recommends and implements solutions for new and existing projects. Building and maintaining vendor relationships and performing contract negotiations.  Key Accomplishments  • Designed a data collection process utilizing DSI interface to JDE which is used on production floor. Developed an RFP sent to several vendors. Designed and implemented project plan for data collection and T&A tracking  • Data analysis of collection process.  • Development of management dashboard utilizing MS SQL, MS Access & Crystal reports  • Automation of data flow from Collection system directly into JDE for Inventory, T&A, Labor Tracking etc. using .Net framework IT Manager ENVIRONMENT ONE CORP - Niskayuna, NY 2003 to 2014 Responsible for the management of all voice, data, security and network communications at over 20 locations. Manages IT operations, 6 employees, and implementation of new business network and computer systems. Creates and facilitates the implementation of a six month and three year rolling strategic plan. Designs, recommends and implements solutions for new and existing projects. Establishes and enforces IT Policy and standards ensuring a secure and safe networking environment Provides training and support to end-users and development, mentorship and leadership to staff. Develops and manages IT budget including building and maintaining vendor relationships and performing contract negotiations.  Key Accomplishments  • Implemented VMware, consolidating 21+ physical servers to 4  • IBM iSeries and Infor (XA) management, User Security, Performance Monitoring, Patch maintenance, System configuration changes, Query400, CL programming. System backups and disaster recovery, hardware maintenance, etc.  • Directed division-wide roll-out of web Service desk, project tracking & asset management tool to 20+ locations  • Manage Helpdesk staff both at local and divisional level  • Completed multiple upgrades of Infor (XA) ERP system.  • Overhauled Data Center, upgrading HVAC, data, telecom, fire suppression power and security  • Led team responsible for planning and implementing a data warehousing project for 20+ locations  • Conduct quarterly and annual SOX testing. Performed SOX audits for several other locations  • Planned, implemented and perform annual tests of Disaster Recovery/Business Continuity plan for multiple locations IT Operations Manager/Programmer Analyst CONTEC CORPORATION - Schenectady, NY 1998 to 2003 Responsible for planning, designing and implementing information technology projects for a multinational repair facility. In charge of product lifecycle management and product management for many projects including software/hardware installations, system implementations and upgrades. Managed, trained and mentored 8 department staff. Programmer Analyst/Trainer Town & Country Computer Services - Schenectady, NY 1993 to 1998 Responsible for new system development, maintaining current programing and break/fix changes. Customer training on the Ins Pro (Insurance Processing System) Throughout New York, Pennsylvania and Ohio Education B.S.B.A. in Information Technology Management Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO Skills asset management (10+ years), budget (10+ years), disaster recovery (10+ years), operations (10+ years), security (10+ years), Network Administration, Strategic Planning, exchange, Customer Service, Vmware