Manager IS - Transformation <span class="hl">Manager</span> IS - Transformation Leading Digital Transformation Projects West Babylon, NY An IT Leader with a strong understanding of technical projects, managing technical teams and leading multiple concurrent projects with shifting priorities. Possesses the organizational, communication and problem-solving skills required to translate business requirements into actionable work and see that work to completion with a keen interest in new technology and continuous improvement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager IS - Transformation NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital - New York, NY May 2015 to Present 1/2019 - Present  Leading a call-center transformation project to insert an AI phone bot into the coll-center workflow.  Currently in limited beta on the hospital's main number, the vendor solution is gathering data on the intent of calls with the goal of handling simpler transactions like transfers, ultimately allowing operators to provide an increased level of service on more complicated transactions. Project Manager IS - Web and Application Development NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital - New York, NY February 2017 to December 2018 Leading a development team focused on patient engagement and patient access projects including  deploying over 300 electronic patient whiteboards at the patient bedside. The electronic whiteboards  are updated from the EMR with the patient care team, fall risk, pain score and upcoming schedule.  Responsible for scoping and executing multiple concurrent projects and coordinating resources across IT and clinical departments. Project Lead IS - Web and Application Development NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital - New York, NY May 2015 to February 2017 Managed internal team and vendor team to deploy a new version of the hospital's patient portal, myNYP. Since deployed in 2016, over 80,000 patients have connected to the portal to access their hospital records. Consultant Starpoint Solutions - New York, NY October 2014 to April 2015 Managed multiple projects at NewYork-Presbterian Hospital including the design and development of a mobile internal staff directory deployed to all staff phones through mobile iron. App allowed direct phone calls, secured SMS and paging. IT Project Manager Global Services Corp - Port Washington, NY September 2013 to October 2014 Drafting new Project Management policies and procedures based on internal audit and SOX/PCI compliance requirements. Project Director, Real Estate Products Group Gabriels Technology Solutions - New York, NY June 2009 to September 2013 The Project Director is responsible for communicating project status to executive and client  management and monitoring progress of tickets in the JIRA ticketing system by on and off-shore  resources. As the main point of contact with the client responsible for defining and tracking the receipt of designs, assets and data from the client within the timeframe required to meet promised launch  date. Representative project work includes:    Developed procedures to manage a portfolio of real estate search sites for media client's  resources in New York, Romania and India. The project portfolio generates 25K revenue  monthly.    Implemented the firm's Real Estate Advertising platform for major NYC broker with over 100  affiliated brokers. Approximately 40 functional gaps were identified and remediated during the implementation. Project generates approximately $1/2 Million in revenue annually.    Managed the development of a mobile real estate search API for the client's iPhone and Blackberry application. Collaboration between client Product Managers and Design Team and  external iOS developers in Finland was managed with Basecamp and Google Docs.    Implemented federated login with the New York Times and the Real Estate Search website using the Security Access Markup Language (SAML) and private keys.    Using a process based on the SCRUM methodology led the development of a self-service  website for Real Estate Agents used to purchase upgrade to their listings and register for a metric reporting service provided by the client.    Evaluated and re-factored web page code using tools such as WebPageTest to improve page  load times from 12 to 3 seconds. Improvements exceeded client requirements and have been  used as a framework for performance improvements on other sites developed by the company. Senior Project Manager, Project Management Office Weight Watchers International - New York, NY September 2006 to August 2008 Ensured project goals were aligned with business objectives and that projects comply with overall time, cost and quality success criteria. Monitored progress against plan and communicated project status to  Senior Management. Representative project work included the following: Vice President, Financial Control IT Credit Suisse - New York, NY August 1999 to November 2005 Project Manager leading a team of 8 Developers and Business Analysts to create back office applications in support of Corporate Treasury function. Responsibilities included project budgeting, maintaining project data in Enterprise Project Portfolio Management System, project staffing, determining user requirements and managing all phases of a development project. Education Master's in Information Systems Hofstra University - Hempstead, NY September 1986 to May 1989 Bachelor's in Finance and Accounting Hofstra University - Hempstead, NY May 1986 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kevinmorrisonpmp Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2004 to March 2020 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) April 2019 to April 2021