Senior Manager Senior <span class="hl">Manager</span> Saint Jo, TX Innovative executive with more than 21 years of proven expertise driving cutting-edge, global technology solutions that result in reduced costs and time-to-market, increased productivity, and bottom-line revenues. Regarded as a visionary in operations and conception-to-execution solutions by driving vision, strategy, and execution planning, to identify and influence future product trends and achieve end-to-end solutions in the areas of Operations Management, Project & Program Management, Risk Management, Project Charters, WBS, Change Management, INCIDENT MANAGEMENT, IT Infrastructures, ITIL Process, Communication Management, SDLC, SOA, Cost Management, Cyber Security, Business Intelligence, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Notable talent for reaching and influencing cross-functional groups across multiple levels, IT teams to strategic corporate partners and executive decision-makers. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Manager Old Castle Investments - Houston, TX January 2015 to August 2019 Responsibilities:  Inspect and make recommendations on procuring property to buy and sell.  Prepare scope of work and time lines.  Assemble crews and contractors to complete work scope.  Make daily inspections and troubleshoot problem. Contract Senior Project Manager August 2013 to November 2014 20.3 Million Dollar Project  Responsibilities:  Senior Project Manager for XP migration to Windows 7. It was a Global project that covered 90 countries and 36,000 PC's. Managed 20.3M dollar budget, with Security, Risk, Incident Management. Schedule and weekly CIO And CISO security meetings.  This project was already in extreme distress. I was hired to attempt to save it. It had substantial problems, including time shortages and financial problems. Once I had changed direction from a failing in place migration tool set to a manual process to get it back on tract. Project Manager/ Field Suppervisor MCB Enterprises November 2007 to December 2013 Project: Eagle/ Ford Shale  Project Size: $12 M+    Responsibilities:  ? Manage day to day operations of a oilfield construction company  ? Manage projects as assigned by the client to completion.  ? Manage budget, resources, supplies, and equipment Maintance.  ? DOT record compliance, HSE management, and MSDS records.  ? Fill in as a driver if needed along with operating equipment. Sales and Marketing Director Ron's Trucking April 2013 to August 2013 Responsibilities:  In charge of devising, developing, and implementing strategic marketing and operational plans for the sales department. Analyze industry trends, develop web pages and logos and implement. Train staff on targeted client base development. Implement new polices and procedures as needed to improve operations.  Knowledge of logistics, DOT Rules and Regulations, OSHA Laws, Hazardous Materials Regulations, Manager Of IT under the CFO Yoakum Community Hospital February 2005 to November 2007 Responsibilities:  ? Led the selection of appropriate technology to support the business strategy and enterprise specifications, partnering with the business, data, and application, technology, security and security architecture. Evaluated current enterprise architecture and made recommendations on required modifications and the subsequent impacts to the technology infrastructure, data assets, technology assets, and business processes.  ? Accountability for development, financial management, change management budgeting, cost savings, IT strategy, data architecture, data security, data governance/stewardship. Led elaboration of shortfalls in existing business processes, business rules, metrics, and established success criteria.  ? Identified and managed risks in conjunction with Risk Management Framework. Responsible for all Issues, Incident, Risks and Mitigation Strategies related to business and enterprise architecture. Utilized best practices methodology, achieve peak performance, anticipate and address performance issues quickly and directly. Education Some college Skills SECURITY (1 year), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (2 years), TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE (2 years), OPERATIONS (6 years), RISK MANAGEMENT (2 years) Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  ? Strategic Planning & Execution  ? Privacy and Security Compliance    ? Business & Systems Architecture  ? Risk Management    ? Construction Management  ? Systems Integration    ? IT Portfolio Management ? Change Management ? Migrations  ? Global IT Delivery/Program Mgmt ? Quality & Performance Management ? Business Intelligence  ? IT Security/ Cyber Security ? Business Process Reengineering ? Oil and Gas  ? Cost Management ? Infrastructure Planning/Design/Mgmt ? Operations Management    COMPUTER SKILLS:    CRM: SAP, Oracle, Clarity  ERP: PeopleSoft, SAP, Oracle  Web: SharePoint, Websphere, Web Logic  RDBMS: EPIC, Oracle, Microsoft, Teradata, DB2, COBOL, AS/400  Modeling/Mappings: IBM Systems Architect (SA), Enterprise Architect (EA), Visio, RUP  Enterprise Application Integration / Data Model: SCCM07 and 12, HMS, Roxieo, ERD, DBMS,  Packaged Application Software: SCCM,  Operating Systems: Novell, AS400, Windows (Every release since 1994)  IT Concepts/Methods/Modeling: Software Development Life Cycle Methodology (SDLC), PMBOK, PERT (Program Evaluation and Review Technique), WBS, Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)/Information Technology Services Management (ITSM), SOA Architecture, QA Methodologies, Quality Assurance Life Cycle (QALC), EAP, Enterprise Application Integration, SUMMIT, Waterfall, Spiral, Rational Unified Process and (RUP)  Security Knowledge: Symantec, MacAfee, Internal & External Penetration Testing using different software programs.  Clients: BJ Services, Well Point, JP Morgan Chase, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Tenneco Oil Exploration & Production, Chase Bank of Texas, Dell Computer Corp, Department of Agriculture, Big Brothers and Sisters of Houston,