Software Specialist on Contract Software Specialist on Contract Web and IT Coordinator for Digital NEST Salinas - Career Development Center Marina, CA Work Experience Software Specialist on Contract Salina Public Library - Salinas, CA January 2019 to Present 1. Established a focus group to help design an app, organized feedback from multiple groups of stakeholders.  2. Translated feedback into functional requirements for an app that informs the community of opportunities at the Library.  3. Developed the app for iOS and Android, beta testing that app with the community this Fall. Web and IT Coordinator for Digital NEST Salinas Career Development Center April 2017 to Present 1. Developed and taught Computer Science curriculum.  2. Assisted in creating and implementing key performance indicators within organization.  3. Established mutually beneficial partnerships with organizations in Salinas. Capstone Project Classroom Video and Note sharing App September 2016 to November 2016 For video lectures and notes ' Fall 2016  1. Deployed using 'Azure' - Microsoft's Cloud Computing Platform.  2. Utilizing ASP.NET to create an MVC based web app.  3. Gained knowledge working with an experienced Software Engineer from Microsoft. Machine Learning Student Researcher Pelagic Data Systems June 2016 to August 2016 1. Used machine learning methods to recognize patterns in data sets.  2. Worked with Sci Kit Learn library to test machine learning algorithms.  3. Collaborated with professionals from different fields to create working software. Co-founder of AceMall Technology MyList App March 2016 to June 2016 for testing.  + Conversation with Chatbot: ' Unity based application ' Spring 2016  1. Utilized Google's speech to text API to generate text from an audio clip.  2. Integrated Open Source chatbot for responses  3. Worked with team of three developers to achieve this project.  + Co-founder of AceMall Technology: ' We create Websites, Mobile Apps and More ' November, 2015  1. Managed web developers and designers to create a websites for local businesses.  2. Communicated with clients to understand and develop their ideas.  3. Currently building MyList - an application to help find groceries in a store. Project Manager MyList App March 2016 to May 2016 1. MyList shows you where your groceries are in a store.  2. Developed a web client for stores to map product locations. First Person Online Shooter ADHD September 2015 to December 2015 Fall 2015  1. Integrated an EEG ( Brain Wave Reading Device ) to monitor player focus throughout the game.  2. Created and applied an algorithm that changed game difficulty to maximize player focus.  3. Developed Game with the Unity Game Engine  + Video Game Development: ' Mental Kombat: First Person Online Shooter ' Fall 2015  1. Integrated Occulus Rift DK2 and MindWave ( Brain wave reading device ) to immerse the player.  2. Energy consumed by actions is recovered depending on user focus (recognized by MindWave.) Education Software Engineering California State University of the Monterey Bay Seaside September 2016 Skills ASP (Less than 1 year), ASP.NET (Less than 1 year), C#, Git, PHP, Python (4 years), Network Management (2 years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Computer Repair (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguellozoya Additional Information Skills  + Languages Spoken: Bi-literate in English and Spanish, with the ability to translate.  + Programming Languages: Java, C#, Python, PHP, JS/JQuery  + Specific Computer Skills:  ArcGIS, Azure, Git, Terminal, FTP, SSH, Windows, Linux, JUnit, CircleCi, Android  Studio, Project Libre, FileZilla, Putty, Eclipse, Aptana, Pivotal Tracker, ASP.NET  + Soft Skill Focused: Growth Mindset, Challenge Solver, Collaborative, Creative and Innovative, Critical Thinker,  Cross-cultural Understanding, Leader and Motivator, Project Management Experienced