Student Assistant Student Assistant IT TECHNICIAN Huntsville, AL To obtain a full-time position where I can utilize my information technology skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Student Assistant Univ. of Alabama Huntsville - Huntsville, AL July 2018 to May 2019 • Great customer service skills and ability to understand policies and procedures in a fast past environment.  • Answered over 100+ plus phone calls daily and assistant customers and staff either remotely or onsite to resolve the incident.  • Keen attention to detail, receive constant customer praises for professionalism and customer service satisfaction.  • Successful in learning and comprehending new systems and methods.  • Troubleshooting different software to include Microsoft Office suite, Outlook, Word, Excel and Power point. Contractor / Assistant Project Manager/ IT Technician Allied General Contractors - Birmingham, AL August 2015 to July 2018 • Worked as an IT Support Technician for staff to assist with trouble tickets such as user password issues, logon issues, phone and computer network connectivity problems.  • Worked with lead project manager to oversee remodeling and construction projects  • Assisted the project manager, by coordinating the activities of each project, to ensure cost, schedule, and quality standards were met.  • Attended weekly meetings to discuss status of each project.  • Performed Tier 1, and some Tier 2 support of troubleshooting.  • Familiar in using Remedy to create and modify Incidents and problem management tickets.  • Job duties include performing site surveys, installation and maintenance of installed vtc and secure and unsecure telephone equipment. Responsible for performing software updates and vtc refresh efforts. Education Bachelor's in Information Systems Concentration in Cyber Security University of Alabama Huntsville - Huntsville, AL Skills microsoft office (4 years), python (1 year), c++ (1 year), red hat linux, Oracle (1 year), Adobe, Windows 7, windows 10, Powerpoint, Microsoft Excel, MS Office, Documentation Certifications/Licenses Security+ April 2019 to April 2022 CompTIA Security+ is a global certification that validates the baseline skills you need to perform core security functions and pursue an IT security career. Additional Information SOFTWARE /HARDWARE AND WORK RELATED SKILLS  Experience with Microsoft Office suite, Oracle, Adobe Suite, Visual Studio, Mini Tab  Windows 7, 10 and Red Hat Linux, Python, C++  Ability to interpret technical requests and triage appropriately  Excellent written and verbal communications skills  Able to work with both technical and business users  Able to interact well with other technical teams  Able to follow established processes and protocols.