Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Everyone Should Code LLC Eden Prairie, MN Work Experience Project Manager Everyone Should Code LLC - Eden Prairie, MN November 2018 to Present Business site: everyoneshouldcode.org demo.everyoneshouldcode.org  November 2018 - PRESENT  ? Develop Coding Curriculum.  ? Develop Marketing strategies  ? Acquire New Customers and Clients.  ? Hire and Manage Marketing and curriculum team.  ? Design and manage website  ? Build and Manage the platforms that are used by clients Coding Instructor Youth Enrichment League - Carver, MN October 2018 to May 2019 Teach Elementary School Age kids the fundamentals of programming.  ? Developed a customized teaching strategy for each student groups.  ? Developed fun and interactive app and game projects that were catered  to each age groups. Web Consultant TwiggyFresh.com - Minnetonka, MN June 2018 to August 2018 Built an Ecommerce Website for client in the WIX environment.  ? Did consulting on design and how Products should be put up for sale.  ? Made sure design of website fit the theme of the line of products.  ? Working on how payments should be collected and the process of shipping and handling.  ? Ongoing work on integrating subscription based ordering system.  ? Ongoing management of website and backend support. Web Consultant Auto-Queue.com - Eden Prairie, MN March 2018 to June 2018 Built a website for custom vehicle ordering in the WIX environment.  ? Consulting work for every stage of the company's development.  ? Designed the backend of how customers get a profile page and status  update of their specific vehicle.  ? Involved in Business strategy and implementation. Web Consultant MidwestTrustedTransportation.com - Edina, MN December 2017 to January 2018 Built a custom website for client in a WIX environment.  ? Consulting on further feature upgrade for a custom vehicle reservation  system.  ? Integrating a custom booking system with price quote based on distance and other factors using javascript and google API.  ? Ongoing website management and support. IT Consultant, Web Consultant NoorInterpret.com - Minnetonka, MN July 2017 to January 2018 Built a custom website for client in a WIX environment.  ? Integrated a third party employee management portal known as schedulehead.  ? Designed the process of the company interacts with insurance  companies, healthcare providers, and employees.  ? Basic IT services including local file server sharing across office  devices, VOIP office phone installation and setup including virtual  greeting, upgrade and setup office PCs  ? Involved in the consulting of every process of the company's  development, launch, and company's first contract with minnesota  insurance company known as South Country Health Alliance.  ? Educated how company can continue managing its website  ? Ongoing website and portal management, and IT support. Web Consultant Muslim Youth Initiative - Minnetonka, MN 2018 to 2018 test-site-URL: https://falmatad.github.io/youth-initiative-2018/  August 2018 - PRESENT  ? Working on design of a marketing landing page.  ? Working on design of main website portal and dashboard.  ? Ongoing work Studio Technician GuideUS TV - Minnetonka, MN May 2017 to July 2017 Broadcast LIVE shows and events to viewers in the US  ? Setup cameras and sound system  ? Make sure remote station video servers are communicating.  ? Handle camera switching and lower third graphics.  ? Handle Social media posts and interact with audience comments for each show. Exam Reservation Agent Pearson VUE - Bloomington, MN November 2016 to January 2017 Used a Pearson developed application known as Regman to enter and load personal information of Test candidates to schedule, reschedule,  or cancel test appointments. They are taking high stake exams to receive certifications or license in the fields of IT ( such as Oracle,  CompTIA, Juniper), medical, financial, real estate, insurance and many  other fields.  ? Used a database of Client guide files and documents which contain  scripts, policies, and procedures during the calls as a resource to answer questions which are shared over the company's network.  ? Used a custom salesforce software known as service direct and a pearson designed software known as VSS to handle incident reports,  cases, and registration details of candidates. I would use these  software to create a case ticket for candidates and interact with colleagues and Client Program coordinators, who would come up with  a resolution after investigating the incident or a case. Education High school or equivalent Skills SEO (Less than 1 year), HTML Editing (3 years), Javascript Editing (Less than 1 year), Digital Content Management (1 year), Web Design (2 years), Adobe Dreamweaver (Less than 1 year), Adobe Photoshop (Less than 1 year), Marketing (1 year), Google Maps API (Less than 1 year), Business Development (2 years), Scheduling, Outlook, Sales, Customer Service Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cwlnm7ifh9e7nqnf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.