Program manager in alumni relations and donations Program <span class="hl">manager</span> in alumni relations and donations Program manager in alumni relations and donations - Cheverus Cumberland, ME Extremely organized with great communication skills. I have an aptitude for analytics and math. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program manager in alumni relations and donations Cheverus April 2016 to June 2016 Data-mining and data processing donations and fundraising for the school  tracking and recording of gifts donations and all school transactions.  Programmed queries, mail merges, crystal reports, and ran lots of financial  reports for different departments. It tech support Measured Progress, Inc. - Dover, NH February 2016 to April 2016 answered 500 calls a day about the testing and proper installation of the program. Accounting Clerk Direct Capital - Portsmouth, NH February 2015 to July 2015 wire transfers  approved loan financing  tracked status of loan packages  entered invoices to General Ledger  ran financial reports Associate Project Manager / Content Loader Portland Web Works - Portland, ME May 2014 to January 2015 Worked with an Agile team to help redesign a new Washington State  Department of Health and Human Services site (https://www.dshs.wa.gov/)  made using Drupal 7. Responsibilities included migrating content from the old  site to the new site, ensuring the site was 508 compliant, performing QA  services for all major browsers plus IE8, IE9 and IE10, and assisting in kick off meetings and client training. Payroll Administrator GM Nameplate - Dover, NH March 2014 to May 2014 Approved hours for temp and contract employees   Sent and received all invoices  Weekly check runs  ADP Executive Assistant to VP of Marketing Service Credit Union - Portsmouth, NH September 2013 to March 2014 Analyzed ads for the marketing department by managing reports and identifying trends to present at company webinars.  Planned and coordinated the credit union’s donations and fundraising.  Ad tracking and managed PPC ads to company standards. Accounting Clerk Sheds - Portsmouth, NH May 2013 to September 2013 reconciled major accounts, Home Depot charge backs   made journal entries in Sage  extensive excel use vlookups and pivot tables   fixed broken equations in excel made new templates and workbooks Education B.A. in Economics University of Southern Maine Skills FTP, HTML, PMP, Apple, Project Management, Excel, Microsoft Office, Photoshop Additional Information Skills • Technology: Basic HTML, FTP  • Agile Methodology    • 508 Compliance    Available upon request.