Senior Professional Programmer Analyst Senior Professional Programmer Analyst Android Developer Dearborn, MI • Over 4 years of experience in building and testing Mobile applications for Android in using Java for Android SDK Versions of 1.5 to 8.0(from Cupcake to Oreo).  • Experience in Software Development Life Cycle and Agile Methodologies.  • Familiar with Android libraries like Dagger2, Retrofit, Junit, Espresso.  • Experience in developing applications using Eclipse, Android Studio.  • Experience with the databases like MySQL, SQLite, ROOM.  • Experience with ZXING library, a library for scanning barcode.  • Experience developing applications using MVVM Design Pattern.  • Experience releasing Application to Play Store.  • Experience with Git for version control.  • Experience with Activities, Fragments, Data Binding, Media player and Adapters, Recycler View, AsyncTask, Broadcast Receiver, Content Providers and Push Notification.  • Hands on experience with Firebase analytics and Firebase Cloud Messaging. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Senior Professional Programmer Analyst DXC Technology - Taylor, MI October 2018 to Present • Worked at Ford Motor Company on Android application development.  • Coded, tested, debugged, implemented and documented moderately complex programs.  • Mocked API responses for testing the correctness of the application.  • Conducted quality assurance activities like peer review.  • Participated in daily scrum meetings to update the progress of the work.  • Followed agile software development methodology in development and testing.  • Developed the application using Test Driven Development.  • Developed automated UI tests to verify the correctness of the program.  • Assisted project manager in preparing time estimates and justification to the assigned tasks.  • Participated in weekly Iteration to plan for the following week and point the stories based on the difficulty.  • Ensured that code meet standards and technical specifications.  Technologies Employed: Android SDK, Espresso Test framework, Rx Java, Charles proxy, Junit, Postman IT Manager Smocup Inc July 2018 to September 2018 •  Coded, tested and developed a mobile application for the company.  • Developed the application such that it supports different screens.  • Participated in meetings to update the progress of the work with my supervisor.  • Modified the application based on the feedback received.  • Developed the application for different locales.  • Revised the application periodically and released the modified app to the Google Play Store.  Technologies employed: Android SDK, Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase analytics, Tap joy SDK   Project Assistant, Texas A&M Kingsville April 2017 to April 2018 • Gather requirements for mobile applications from my professor.  • Meet my professor to get the feedback on application developed and modify the application based on the feedback. Mobile Application Developer Cryptofirm Technology Inc - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh June 2014 to June 2015 • Training on mobile Application development using android.  • Develop mobile applications using Android development kit.  • Understand the requirements and scope of the project by going through the requirements document.  • Participate in design sessions to discuss the design of the application.  • Participate in code reviews to get the code reviewed.  • Participate in meetings to discuss any bottlenecks or issues raised during development. Education Master of Science in Computer Science Texas A&M University - Kingsville, TX May 2018 Bachelor of Technology in Technology Computer Science Andhra University - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh Skills ANDROID STUDIO, Java-Android Application Development (3 years), C++, HTML, ANDROID (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Retrofit Course Completion Certificate June 2019 to Present • Learned how to use the retrofit library with android framework Assessments Critical Thinking — Expert June 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zzc9g1fe8-ztc-9i Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Technical Skills    Primary Skills Core Java, Android Application Development  Secondary Skills C, C++, Xml  Database MySQL, SQLite  Web Technologies Spring MVC, Tomcat, JSP, Java Servlet, HTML, JavaScript, CSS  Operating Systems Windows, Linux (Ubuntu), Mac OSX  Application Packages MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, Eclipse, Android Studio