Analyst Analyst Tampa, FL I approach my work with great professionalism, where I’m not afraid to receive criticism and make the necessary corrections. My passion for people has always driven me to provide quality service. I see no tasks as meaningless and can see value in the most repetitive work. I have no problem with traveling and taking new experiences head on with a positive mindset. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Analyst Cognizant - Tampa, FL January 2019 to Present • Investigate and resolve issues that are reported on social media such as requests for account support and reports of potentially abusive content.  • Respond to user inquiries with high quality, speed, empathy, and accuracy  • Use market-specific knowledge, signals, and insights to spot and scope scalable solutions to improve the support of our community of users  • Gather, analyze and utilize relevant data to develop ways to improve the overall user experience on the site  • Enforce social media terms of use by carefully monitoring reports of abuse on the site  • Review the reported content within agreed turnaround times and standards of quality  • Identify inefficiencies in workflows and suggest solutions  • Recognize trends and patterns, and escalate issues outside the company policy Implementation Trainer and Specialist DataLink Software - Tampa, FL 2018 to 2018 • Lead onboarding processes for new clientele and provide end-to-end client support to ensure implementation occurs smoothly.  • Train client users on how to use product, devices, input data, and generate reports.  • Analyze clients’ business processes during the implementation process and develop a plan to configure products to meet their needs.  • Advise clients on best practices to get the most out of their product.  • Identify needed custom features for clients and work with development team to ensure correct results.  • Manage telephonic and digital communications to promptly resolve and respond to basic EHR and complex business workflow issues.  • Lead on-site training sessions with new clientele. Project Manager Intern Chapters Health System - Temple Terrace, FL 2017 to 2017 ? Interviewed CEO’s, VP’s and Directors to better help implement new processes and help correct daily workflows.  ? Analyze processes to identify areas of inefficiencies, and make recommendations and determining possible solutions.  ? Assists Project Managers in evaluating processes and making process improvements.   ? Document processes while utilizing Microsoft Visio to create more visual processes maps or guides. Member Services Representative New York Life Insurance Company - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2017 ? Trained new employees on billing systems and customer service protocol to be successful.  ? Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, and comments, as well as actions taken.  ? Confer with customers by telephone or in person in order to provide information about products and services, to take orders or cancel accounts, or to obtain details of complaints.   ? Recommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures in order to prevent future problems. Office Manager - Federal Work Study Program Center For Technology Training - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2017 ? Trained new employees on day to day responsibilities.   ? Assisted in scheduling classes and contacting students.   ? Assist in the preparation of regularly scheduled reports IT Assistant - Federal Work Study Sanford Brown College - Tampa, FL 2013 to 2015 ? Configuring hardware and software, setting up printers and routers, repairing equipment, and providing daily support for computer network users.  ? Answered calls and e-mails regarding the computer network or communication systems.  ? Resolved administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports, analyzing data, and identifying solutions.  ? Served customers by answering inquiries, resolving problems, fulfilling requests, and maintaining the database. Education Bachelor's in Organizational Leadership Colorado State University-Global Campus June 2018 to Present High school or equivalent King High School - Tampa, FL August 2008 to June 2012 Skills Project Management, Training & Development, Customer Service, Technical Support, Logistics, Mac OS X, Office Management, Teamwork, Troubleshooting, Social Media Additional Information Aerotek, Tampa, FL 2017  Debris monitor / Environment Clean - Up  After Hurricane Irma I assisted in the clean up of the Tampa Bay and Pinellas county area by assuring that there is no fraudulent claims or activity happening during or after debris has been collected from local neighborhoods.    Florida Film Network Largo, FL 2016  Student Ambassador / Board Member  I was a Student Board Member, my responsibility was to build the FFN College Division, as well as recruit college students. Also I assisted in organizing and putting together events for the FFN Network.