Technician Technician Tempe, AZ Work Experience Technician NATURAL DATA June 2019 to Present (Contract Work)  DISCONNECT/RECONNECT TROUBLESHOOTING, NATURAL DATA  Provide disconnect and reconnecting services regarding computers, printers, networks and VoIP systems.  • Correctly disconnected and installed 400+ Computer/VoIP systems  • Effectively connected over 200+ complete workstations  • Troubleshoot network connectivity INSIDE SALES REPRESENTATIVE YELP INC January 2019 to May 2019 Develop new prospects and interact with existing customers via phone to increase sales of Yelp's products and services. Coordinate with field sales team members to ensure goals are met.  • Effectively developed rapport and educated customer on Yelp Advertising and services.  • Received inbound calls regarding Yelp service and Yelp business owner account IT issues.  • Maintained a book of business with 600+ clients.  • Effectively used all G-suite tools and services.  • Effectively used all Salesforce Lighting CRM tools and services.  • Accomplishments:  ? Consistently hit goal month to month.  ? Consistently over-achieved daily metrics.  ? Consistently worked with Yelp management to test run company pilots. INSIDE IT SALES REPRESENTATIVE SITELOCK WEBSITE SECURITY July 2018 to January 2019 Develop new and existing customers through education of website security options of Sitelock. Coordinate with field sales team members to ensure goals are met.  • Consistently solve security issues with client and Endurance International Group hosting companies ending with a sale.  • Respond to Malware/Suspended website inquires through company ticketing system.  • Consistently finding correct solution regarding Malware issues.  • Malware/Suspension IT support for clients (Scanners/Firewalls)  • Consistently #1 in assumptive sale closure. SALES & PROJECT MANAGER PREMIUM POOLSCAPES LLC August 2017 to July 2018 A founding partner in development and implementation of pool reconstructive services on both residential and commercial properties.  • Developed and maintained company website (www.premiumpoolscapes.com).  • Construct accurate project estimates for clients and follow up to close the sale.  • Effectively communicate client project objectives with construction staff and CEO. SALES REPRESENTATIVE DERCON CONSTRUCTION SERVICES INC March 2015 to September 2017 Selling roofing and exterior siding to residential homeowners with weather damaged home exteriors.  • Responsible for making door-to-door sales.  • Accessed homes for weather damages  • Educated potential clients on their insurance coverage.  • Assist in submitting insurance claim evidence.  • Follow-up with homeowners' insurance case progress  • On-site consultant throughout damage repair process Education certification Scottsdale Community College June 2019 Skills Imaging (Less than 1 year), ios (Less than 1 year), Mac (Less than 1 year), Mac os (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS/CERTIFICATIONS:  • Website Development  • VoIP Phone Service Software  • Microsoft Office software  • Mac Office software  • CompTIA A+  • G-Suite (Certification in progress)  • Mac iOS  • Basic troubleshooting software/hardware (Mac/Windows)  • Imaging Mac OS  • Imaging Windows  • Teamwork  • Overcoming obstacles/objections with critical thinking skills