Sr Technical Project Manager Sr Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr Technical Project Manager Ashburn, VA Sr Technical Project Manager with intensive experience in software implementation seeking growth opportunities. Bringing a strong background in Agile methodology, requirements analysis and quality assurance. Work Experience Sr Technical Project Manager SureFire Local Present • Manage local and international teams on various technical projects.   • Successfully implement multiple new features into the SureFire Local platform.   • Manage user feedback of the applications and prioritize fixes and updates for future releases.  • Head a large multistage UI/UX redesign initiative.  • Determine estimates for new projects to set a budget. Network Analyst Ligado Networks - Reston, VA December 2017 to December 2018 • Serve as a liaison between the client and internal development and test teams by leading client meetings to gather and analyze requirements.  • Managed the Implementation new software including ServiceNow and ScienceLogic, reducing the need for multiple NMS by 25%  • Determined feasibility, functionality and potential risks of proposed systems  • Design detailed process flow diagrams and mock ups of the UI.  • Computed, recorded, and proofread data, records and reports. IT Analyst Anexio - Ashburn, VA November 2016 to December 2017 • Coordinated the transition to the Zendesk tool.  • Created project scopes and implemented road maps.  • Collected requirements and established process flows, functional design documentation and business requirements documentation.  • Ensured clients needs are met by conducting functional and user acceptance tests. Mobile App Development Analyst Web Triangle - Ashburn, VA November 2014 to November 2016 • Determined a market focus and gathered core user requirements for the application.  • Developed mock ups of the application UI.  • Headed a team of six through biweekly Agile development sprints.  • Promoted from Intern to Analyst in June 2015. Education Associate of Applied Science in Applied Science Northern Virginia Community College - Sterling, VA 2017 Bachelor of Science George Mason University - Fairfax, VA 2016 Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT, USER ACCEPTANCE (1 year), USER ACCEPTANCE TESTING, REQUIREMENTS GATHERING, ACCEPTANCE TESTING Additional Information Skills  • Agile Methodology  • CRM  • User Acceptance Testing  • Jira  • Confluence    • SDLC  • Microsoft Visio  • Requirements Gathering  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Microsoft Project Server