Vendor Management Specialist Vendor Management Specialist Enthusiastic, strong, driven with over 13 years of management experience stretching from Multi-family/Commercial, renovation, IT, preservation and operations. Dynamic and versatile with a strong ability to adapt to every job and every challenge. Seeking a stimulating position with an opportunity for growth and substantial stability. New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Vendor Management Specialist Field Dash - Brooklyn, NY Present Daily management of vendor services, responsible for property preservation of REO, foreclosed, rehab, and condemned government owned real estate. Responsible for over 25 sub-contractors and 4 direct employees overseeing the completion of various preservation and rehab work ranging from basic lawn care and landscape to full remodels/rehab of various types of properties through NY, NJ, and PA. Carrier Manager/Compliance Associate Transfix Inc via Premiere Onboard-Temp Position - New York, NY July 2018 to September 2018 Booking and managing various carriers throughout the country to move goods/freight for high-profile customers. Negotiating rates with carriers. Monitoring any issues that occur while freight is in transit. Compliance Associate Verifying if a carrier is "high risk" using various USDOT resources. Building "Carrier Profiles" with all pertinent credentials including valid MC/DOT numbers, vehicle/cargo insurance, and references. Assistant Project Manager/Lead Access Technician Solomon Page/El-Ad US Holding Inc - New York, NY November 2017 to July 2018 Overseeing and supervising the completion of final construction punch list items. Scheduling and coordinating access to vacant and occupied units with lead contractors and Union Trades. Quality control of repaired items and final sign-off of repairs/uncompleted punch list items and/or uncompleted construction items. Property Manager Grand Management Services, LLC - Brooklyn, NY February 2016 to June 2017 Senior Property Manager for 93 multi-family rental units and assistant manager for 150+ studio spaces. Fielding calls and emails with a wide range of tenant issues. Preparation, processing, and approval of all new leases and lease renewals. Analysis of all rental market trends. Entering and monitoring all pertinent leasing information. Scheduling and supervising of maintenance team and all work order requests, all contracted vendors needed for construction, repairs, alterations or renovation projects. Adhering to all Section 8 and Rent Stabilized NYC housing regulations. Assisting Admin director resolving all building violations. Operations Manager AICL Professionals - New York, NY July 2015 to February 2016 Operations Supervisor for 4 Suites with 20-30 Professional Therapist Offices in Midtown Manhattan. Overseeing completion of full renovation on newly acquired and existing office suites. IT and Networking installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. Scheduling and coordinating with various contractors and vendors. Gather and submitting various financials for owners, responding to tenant requests and repairs in a timely manner. Accounts Manager/ IT Technician Crown Field Services - Brooklyn, NY June 2014 to May 2015 Responsible for over 35 sub-contractors and 5 direct employees overseeing the completion of various preservation and rehab work across NY, NJ, and PA.  IT Manager - Help Desk Support, network installation and maintenance. Defining virus threats, removal of all malware. Resolving network configuration and connectivity issues with of server and/or network. Perform installation of various hardware for upgrades on program installation and updates. Created remote access troubleshooting and help desk support for all state-wide vendors. Education Bachelor's in BA/BM Trumpet Performance University of Washington-Seattle Campus - Seattle, WA September 2001 to December 2005 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), IT Management (10+ years), Project Management (1 year), Highly Organized (10+ years), Transparent Communication (10+ years), Microsoft Excel Links https://www.facebook.com/john.w.benedetti https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-benedetti-0b47b1126/ https://www.instagram.com/johnnybtrumpet/