Assitant to IT Project Manager of Enterprise Systems Assitant to <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> of Enterprise Systems TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT | AGILE DEVELOPMENT | PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT | JAVA | C++ | HTML5 | CSS Houston, TX Developer of software programs in Java, C++, C#, Visual Basic, and Python.  Fully capable of prototyping, improving, and implementing solutions for  software applications and consumer electronics. Used AGILE  development methodologies, design thinking and research experience to  improve product usability which can increasing annual revenues by  potential $500,000. Interested in entry level and junior level software  programming roles. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assitant to IT Project Manager of Enterprise Systems UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON-DOWNTOWN - Houston, TX January 2018 to March 2019 Project coordinator for IT Enterprise Systems for Office of Associate IT Director at UH-Downtown.  • Developed & updated project Gantt charts weekly using Excel for Associate Vice President of IT. Integrated data  between 15+ Smartsheets into a Master Program Plan for IT Department PM’s, BA’s, and VP.  • Coded 2 macros for parsing and importing data in visual reports for Associate Vice President of IT and Assistant  Director of Enterprise Systems.  • Created 10+ training processes so student workers had resources such as training manuals when onboarded in the  IT Enterprise System department.  • Managed 1000+ project information in Smartsheet using AGILE project management methodologies. IT Service Desk and Technical Services FOSCAM LLC / AMCREST LLC - Houston, TX January 2015 to December 2016 Designer and Researcher for Foscam/Amcrest for Product Managers and Business Owners.  • Assisted team leader on IT Customer support setup demo cameras in RTP/RTSP protocol.  • Performed integration of Foscam and Amcrest IP Cameras, third-party devices, and third-party software with Blue  Iris video management software. Resulted in a better understanding of H.264, MPEG4, MJPEG and other video  codecs for the whole team during training processes.  • Assisted customers over the phone with IP security cameras using Team Viewer. One customer had two IP cameras  with the same IP address set to static. Instead of resetting the cameras to setup from scratch, the IP address for one  camera was altered. Issue was solved in 10 minutes.  • Conveyed issues to manufacture’s “Quality Control Engineer” about one customer having TCP access issues with 16  channel DVR system, which was later fixed by engineer. This was diagnosed using Wireshark. Was able to give the  customer a modified version of the flash-able firmware within one week.  • Monitored Foscam IP camera addresses for customers using Foscam IP Tools, a network monitoring tool. Assisted  most customers with reseting cameras that were having connectivity issues. Most camera resetting took only 5  minutes to resolve, many customers needed upgraded firmware which was flashed before reset.  • Performed wireless site survey’s around office building to plan the install of network repeaters. Planned, installed  and configured of more than 25 router and repeater network equipment within office building. User Experience Architect and Research & Development Manager FOSCAM LLC / AMCREST LLC - Houston, TX January 2015 to December 2016 Designer and Researcher for Foscam/Amcrest for Product Managers and Business Owners.  • Performed higher-level design of product components and interfaces, mainly the Amcrest Car DVR. Product  interface resulted in a more attractive look and easy to understand for new customers.  • Managed research projects to improve product quality and usability via AGILE development methodologies which  boosted the company yearly revenue by $500,000.  • Gathered design thinking requirements for 5 consumer electronic products and created UI/UX wireframes, mock up  navigation models and user manuals focused on end-to-end customer experience. Resulted in a large knowledge  base on consumers electronics which was passed to customer support to assist buyers in setup.  • Communicated with internationally located C++ Firmware Developers, UI Designers, Business Owners and Product  Managers about product developments. Allowed company members to better understand product development  progress and product requirements.  • Proposed, led and participated in user research activities such as Test Driven Development, Usability Validation and  A/B Testing to ensure that product development created a better UI/UX experience. Consumer electronics were  easy to use and reflected customer expectancy.  • Managed team of 3 & delegated testing of Use Cases, Heat Testing, Waterproof Testing, Drop Testing, Firmware  Testing and provided feedback to leadership, resulting in better & reliable products. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON - Downtown - Houston, TX September 2014 to December 2018 Skills VISUAL STUDIO, SOFTWARE ENGINEERING, C# (Less than 1 year), C++ (1 year), Test Driven Development (1 year), Java (2 years), Performance Improvement (1 year), Problem Resolution (1 year), Debugging (1 year), Troubleshooting (1 year), Prototyping (1 year), Visual Basic (1 year), MySQL (1 year), SQL (1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Photoshop (2 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/omar-siddiqi http://abdomar528.wixsite.com/portfolio Additional Information SKILLS  TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT  AGILE DEVELOPEMNT  PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT  PROBLEM SOLVING  DEBUGGING  TROUBLE SHOOTING  UX DESIGN  PROTOTYPING    CODING / IDE  JAVA / NETBEANS  C++ / VISUAL STUDIO  C# / VISUAL STUDIO  VISUAL BASIC / VISUAL STUDIO  SQL / MySQL  PYTHON / PYTHON 3.7  HTML5 / VISUAL STUDIO CODE  CSS / VISUAL STUDIO CODE  JAVASCRIPT / VS CODE & NODE.JS  SOFTWARE  PHOTOSHOP CS6  PROCESSING 3.4  TEAM VIEWER  MICROSOFT WORD, PP, EXCEL  SMARTSHEET.COM  DREAMWEAVER  POPULAR SPORT PREDICTION IN PYTHON  Teamed up with a developer group in class project for Data Mining Class using  Python 3.7.  • Developed a script to predict the most popular sport between football,  basketball and soccer.  • Mined Data from Twitter posts with keywords and hashtags and stored in JSON  format.  • Structured tweets via text, language and country code to help in further data  processing.  • Analyzed tweets by using Sentiment Analysis method and by Country to filter  out any irrelevant data. Football was predicted as the most popular sport  between football, basketball and soccer.  Jan 18  May 18  Jan 17  May 17  www.linkedin.com/in/omar-siddiqi • abdomar528.wixsite.com/portfolio  832-406-1921 • abdomar528@gmail.com • US Citizen  STUDENT MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEM (SIMS) IN VISUAL BASIC  Lead developer in class project for Software Engineering Class using Visual Basic and Visual Studio.  • Participated and lead in all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements, design, coding, and  testing in a team work environment  • Built the Student Management System user interface using Visual Basic, within Visual Studio, following application  architecture UI requirements defined by many existing systems.  • Applied a systematic approach to create the design characteristics of software components based upon analysis of  requirements and technical direction provided by professor of Software Engineering.  • Implemented, tested, and debugged SIMS software to conform to requirements and design which included the use  of storing data in a server. Wrote the server connection and queries in Visual Basic and passed them through the  MySQL libraries as strings.  • Managed student data in MySQL and was able to directly manipulate data using the Student Management System  application with full input and output from server side.  • Collaborated with team members to accomplish common goals.  ANT COLONY OPTIMIZATION (ACO) DATA STRUCTURE IN C++  Lead programmer in class project for Data Structures Class using C++ and Visual Studio.  • Implemented, tested and debugged ACO algorithm to conform to design requirements. Resulted in a smoother  running algorithm that used 3% less memory in the beginning steps of development.  • Demonstrated the special data structure Ant Colony Optimization on how it is a great probalistic technique in finding  the shortest path between several points on a graph similar to the way ants find the shortest path between several  food source and the ant colony base. Resulted in a better understanding from audience and allowed them to ask  more specific questions.  • Compared ACO to Nearest Neighbor and Swarm Optimization data structures to show close to optimum solutions.  Professor of data structure course agreed that ACO is more optimal in certain cases involving starting point and  several other points on a graph.  • Understood the data architecture of the ACO data structure and relayed the information in a class presentation,  which was constructed using Binary Trees in a recursive function. This allowed the algorithm to operate at its  maximum potential and prevent overloading the Windows 7 system memory.  Jan 17  May 17  Sep 16  Dec 16