Essential Services Engineer Essential Services Engineer Essential Services Engineer San Diego, CA Work Experience Essential Services Engineer Skyriver IT - San Diego, CA March 2018 to February 2019 Beta-tested new software. Collaborated with multiple vendors to bring new technology in-house. Compiled and documented various statistical data. Authored a set of information systems security policies, processes, and procedures. Assembled, configured, and maintained computers. Analyzed information technology systems to identify threats, vulnerabilities, countermeasures, and residual risk. Generated and maintained a purchasing budget and transition plan. Developed and conducted information systems security training and awareness. Designed reports and procedures. Designed, coded, and tested scripts.  • Analyzed user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing.  • Identified $10,000 dollars in cost savings during the past 3 months as a result of automation and implementation of new reporting software.  • Promoted 3 times in less than a year. Regional Technical Support Specialist Larry H. Miller Dealerships - Lemon Grove, CA January 2018 to March 2018 Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions. Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations. Managed IT setup and service requests for automotive dealership. Created new account, reset passwords and configured access for users. Maintained records, logs and the life cycle of work requests. Developed solutions for problems. Developed KBs, Scripts, and Registry Configurations to make changes in software behavior.  • Converted new dealership over to meet corporate IT standards.  • Assisted in construction of new offices in relation to IT. IT Administrator ( Manager) Valley Radiology Consultants - Escondido, CA March 2017 to October 2017 Maintained data security. Ensured integrity of information added to database. Operated all aspects of computer help desk and provided problem-solving and troubleshooting assistance to users. Installed, configured, and maintained network and workstation hardware and software. Prepared budgets and managed expenses. Planned and directed upgrades. Tested operation for optimum system functionality. Managed file systems, storage devices, and network servers. Analyzed and monitored existing network server performance, activity, memory, and disk space to ensure efficiency. Coordinated server security, backup, and restoration during outages or other network issues.  Implemented secure in-house instant messaging. Implemented Office 365 secure email. Managed Sonic Wall firewall. Implemented new Cisco routers within the network at each location. Managed vendors and contracts.  • Established and administered physical network layering to include Cisco routers, switches, gateways, servers, NICs, and cables.  • Standardized technical recovery including the development of a comprehensive company-wide Management Recovery Plan.  • Brought company into HIPPA Compliance. PC Refresh Project Lead (Contractor) TaylorMade/Adidas - Carlsbad, CA August 2016 to March 2017 Maintained an inventory of all equipment and assets under the team's control. Updated inventory documentation. Utilized applications via SCCM. Completed quality assurance on all hardware given to users. Performed desk-side quality control.  • Led a team of four in the deployment of Dell desktops and laptops for users. Field Technical Support Specialist Best Lockers, LLC - San Diego, CA March 2015 to August 2016 Augmented electronic lockers to increase revenue at theme parks. Upgraded proprietary software on kiosks for all clients. Applied monthly security updates to client kiosks. Managed incoming email and phone support requests providing information in a way an end-user could easily understand. Maintained internal documentation. Created training as related to clients.  • Successful rate of providing user friendly resolution within one hour of being notified of issue. Education Bachelor's in Business - IT Management Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT Present Skills Active directory, Exchange, Remedy, Virtualization, Veritas backup exec, Backup exec, Vmware, Veritas, Android, Ipad, Iphone, Microsoft sharepoint, Sharepoint, Exchange 2000, Zenworks, Microsoft exchange, Groupwise, Microsoft office, Microsoft windows, Novell Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/chuckwandall https://www.chuckwandall.work Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E4 (Specialist) April 1995 to October 1999 Commendations: Army Achievement Medal; National Defense Service Medal; Army Service Ribbon; NATO Combat Medal Certifications/Licenses A+ ce August 2016 to October 2022 Project+, CompTIA July 2018 to Present MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft January 2008 to Present Google IT Support Professional, Coursera May 2018 to Present IT Security: Defense against the digital dark arts, Coursera May 2018 to Present System Administration and IT Infrastructure Services, Coursera May 2018 to Present DATTO Level II Continuity Specialist May 2018 to Present Microsoft 365 Administrator (Virtual Academy) March 2016 to Present Assessments Attention to Detail — Familiar June 2019 Identifying differences in materials, following instructions, and detecting details among distracting information. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mu0qdxwbuwch5qhh Technical Support — Expert June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bzulesyme62lt3ym Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yzf3h6sigfxvtojz Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ed-dwyutcpfdz2r3 Written Communication — Familiar June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to convey written information using proper grammar rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fvhave5jxcfxk-qg Teamwork: Interpersonal Skills — Highly Proficient June 2019 Resolving disputes, solving team problems, and understanding nonverbal cues. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ee65iavpiyh6bf-s Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups Association of Technology Professionals Present Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Present Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Present ISACA (Formerly known as Information Systems Audit and Control Association) Present