Client Relations Manager Client Relations <span class="hl">Manager</span> Execute Administrative Support Fort Lauderdale, FL Communication is key! Strong communicator, and always working to improve. Bilingual (Spanish and English). Strong work ethic. Proactive. Organized. Fast learner. Thrive in fast paced environment. Described as an amazing right hand! Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Client Relations Manager Collateral Management - Fort Lauderdale, FL April 2017 to Present Collateral Management is a nationwide AMC that provides appraisal reports to financial institutions. Our service is to locate the appraiser and manage the process from initial order to report delivery to any revisions and appeals needed.    Client Relations department's goal is clear communication. We handle all accounts in our location and around 1,000-1,200 orders at a time. We communicate constantly via emails and phone calls with both clients and vendors. Each order needs to be updated daily. Day-to-day problem solving involves delays in the process, changing appraisers due to conflict or job complexity, cancellations mid-process from clients, among others.     As Client Relations Manager, I am responsible for the daily demand being met. All orders must be updated and all client's inquiries (incoming emails and phone calls) must be handled. I train new employees in my department and serve as ongoing support for them. I handle upper level problems. Upper level problems we classify as those with an unsatisfied client. An example is a dissatisfaction in the quality of the appraiser selected and their report. My job is to study the case. Depending on my analysis, I either educate our client in the industry standard and guidelines or deem the final report as invalid and provide a new report at no additional cost. Technical Support Manager GoChyp LLC - Portland, OR June 2015 to April 2017 GoChyp is a credit card processing company. They connect small business owners with large processors of payment to solve all payment solutions.     Technical Support department consisted of programming and shipping the hardware to our new clients. Contacting them over the phone for installation and primary use instructions. Ongoing technical support with any questions or minor troubleshooting over the phone. Emails and phone calls were our main tools.     As a Technical Support Manager, I ensured the daily orders were completed as well as all customer's inquiries handled. I also trained new personnel. My main focus as a manager was the integration of more advanced systems with our biggest clients. These were business with computer based already existing software that our company wanted to integrate with. My job was to research the client's equipment and contact our contractors/vendors to first establish the integration is possible; then create the project of integration and coordinate it until completion; all under a required budget. IT Project Coordinator LegalShield - Ada, OK December 2014 to May 2015 LegalShield offers a subscription based solution to minor legal services. It offers customers ongoing legal support for a monthly fee.     As the IT Project Coordinator, I assisted the Project Managers in charge launching of the mobile application.     Resource Allocation - Look for and ensure resources are not being allocated to unnecessary tasks. Reallocate programmers when sick or if they left the company.     Monitoring - Meet with programmers to ensure they are advancing in their task and in line with the critical path. Advise of any changes in scope.     Documenting - Project documentation during all project phases from initiating to closing. Meeting notes. Scope changes. Data collecting for decisions during the process and for analyzing after the project to look for areas of improvement. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration East Central University - Ada, OK August 2012 to May 2014 Skills Account Management (5 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Problem Resolution, Bilingual (Spanish and English) (10+ years), Office Management (5 years), Google Drive (3 years), Excel (5 years), Quickbooks - Beginner (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Pursuing Real Estate Agent License