Research Consultant Research Consultant Research Consultant - New York University Metropolitan Center New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Research Consultant New York University Metropolitan Center - New York, NY January 2018 to Present • Partnered with Metro Center research team on project design, literature review research, interview protocol design & implementation, & root-cause analysis for the Data for Black Lives research paper.  • Led Interviews, collaborated with research team on project scope & content creation. Founding Associate Director of Data Analytics & Management Lighthouse Charter Academies - New York, NY July 2018 to October 2018 • Research, design, & maintain data dashboards for use by LHA NY regional team, school leaders, & the Board of Trustees  • Managing legacy data systems & overseeing the archiving & reporting of data to the State.  • Working with academic leaders to design instructional intervention & feedback systems. Education Data Manager Classroom Inc - New York, NY November 2017 to June 2018 Collaborating with the research team to use back-end database to inform instruction, enhance student learning, improve  products, & assure quality control.  • Generating statistical models to predict the platforms impact on student development of 21st Century Skills & English literacy.  • Using correlation analysis to determine efficacy of the education product against external metrics. Fellow Beyond the Bars Fellowship - New York, NY September 2017 to May 2018 Developed a deeper understanding of mass incarceration and social change; and to collaborate with social justice organizers, activists, and academics to plan the annual Beyond the Bars Conference. Data Science Consultant NYC Department of Education - New York, NY June 2017 to August 2017 • Partnered with the onsite data manager to deliver data visualizations of academic growth of students, securing grant funding.  • Designed data dashboards to provide superintendents & admins with a holistic picture of school performance as it related to grades, teacher assessment, principal impact, and student demographics. IT Advisory Analyst Applications Leadership Council - Washington, DC March 2016 to September 2016 Promoted to Analyst after 18 months in an entry sales position. Partner with 100 + senior IT leaders to address common  challenges by mining our extensive member network for the best & brightest insights, & share those back in the form of lightweight tools, diagnostics, & bench-marking.  • Supporting quarterly interactive webinars with an average attendance of over 45 corporate IT professional. Account Management Specialist CCLC Talent Transformation March 2015 to March 2016 Responsible for supporting Executive leaders in Tech. & Customer Service to bring new Best Practice offering & Talent  Management solutions. In that time achieving over 105% of our Team Annual renewal Dollar Goal.  • Responsible for providing customer feedback that shaped new product Go to Market Strategy & Pricing. Leading to a product redesign that resulted in a 180% increase in senior executive engagement & an accelerated sales cycle. Experiential Technology Project Manager Event Farm - Washington, DC August 2014 to February 2015 Charged with powering 3 nights of official conference after parties during Tech Crunch Disrupt 2014 San Fran for over 1,800  tech industry thought leaders. Built a brand centric digital wonderland, showcasing engaging event activation technologies.  • Fostered relationships with top tier clients such as Unilever, Lexus, and Google; software implementation, data collection, and augmentation. Develop creative solutions to address any obstacles our clients encounter with our proprietary event software.  • Oversaw the full execution of 10 projects using our high-end experiential technology; assisted in budget and legal language  development between clients and our team. Act as the liaison between our Development department and clients. Education Master in Data Science in Learning Analytics in Data Science Columbia University Teachers College - New York, NY May 2018 Bachelor of Science in Culture & Politics in Proficient Georgetown University, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service - Washington, DC May 2014 Skills DATA MINING, DATA VISUALIZATION, DATA ANALYSIS, NETWORK ANALYSIS, PYTHON Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Statistical & Data Analysis Skills: R, SPSS, Excel, Python; Logistical regression, Data Visualization, Latent Class Analysis,  Hierarchical Longitudinal Growth Models, Survival Models, Social Network Analysis, Data Mining, Google Analytics  • Other Skills: Conversational Arabic, Podcast Production.