Sr. Program Manager Sr. Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Tucson, AZ • Deployed Agile/Scrum methodology to override outdated SDLC methodology as a PMO Leader for PSG.  • Managed Information Governance for Inbound and Outbound data, Accessibility/Confidentiality/Integrity  • Utilized Quality Center software in the examination of test cases at HCA. Streamlined tasks in Jira for Agile sprints.  • Analyzed 810, 830, 834, 837, 850, and 855 transactions across both Healthcare and Automotive platforms  • Applied Medicaid project expertise for State of Nevada and Alabama on MMIS platform to implement change and steer CMS QIO goals.  • Led IT/business team for advanced new business development and client implementations at Cardinal Health and Radley Corporation.  • Designed and lead the implementation of major multi-million-dollar initiatives at Ford Motor Company (Materials Management Process and Corporate Accounts Payable System) Work Experience Sr. Program Manager 2018 to Present Project Management of multiple applications/enhancements)  This role involves Program Management to establish new, more robust, areas for PMO development, such as new control document adoption and Release Planning. Additionally, this will involve Project Management, within a hybrid Agile/Lean environment, for key organizational initiatives.  • Change/ Project/Program Management: Establish new Project management team to link/liaison with Product team. Roles created and redesigned. Develop Project plans to ensure project deadlines are met. Use Jira and APM software to manage progress and provide basis for new, standardized reporting to leadership team. Work with parent organization, Syngenta, to promote and improve utilization of primary software tool, Land.db, a Farm Management System (FMS). Manage two direct reports and two indirect reports to complete growing PMO. Technical Program Manager (PMO Leader/340B Product Engineering) PHARMACEUTICAL STRATEGIES GROUP - Plano, TX 2017 to 2018 Vetted by C-level executives to anchor Change Management endeavors and guide the Project Management Office unit within a progressive drug management company. Spearhead records management and IT management practices consistent with the organization's policies and guidelines. Engage in cross-functional project teams to implement business initiatives. Steer quality assurance in developing solutions and reporting, both internal and external, that satisfies client demands. Interpret data and develop strategies to achieve objectives and anticipate changes.  • Change Management: Employ Smartsheets, LeanKit and Manage Engine as key Change Management tools. Implement Agile/Scrum methodology to override outdated SDLC methodology. Utilized Data Governance techniques to protect data. Oversaw use case and requirements for multiple projects. Analyzed business processes for re-engineering/improvement. Developed and reported metrics to senior management. Ensured documentation standards for all projects and reporting initiatives were met. Monitored all feedback to ensure all requirements were met and client satisfaction levels were high prior to declaration of a successful project. During change management meetings, ensured that complete testing and emergency backout procedures were satisfied before deployment to production. Senior Product Analyst HCA - HOSPITAL CORPORATION OF AMERICA - Nashville, TN 2016 to 2017 Cardiology Follow-up Care/Operating Room Scheduling Systems)  Directed Care Assure Cardiology (Arrhythmia, EF, Valve, CHF), Scheduling Express/Scheduling EMR systems, reviewing for Meaningful Use and Evidenced Based Outcomes. Officiate day-to-day scrum sessions. Analyzed business processes for re-engineering/improvement. Defined KPIs relevant to team success, revenue, margin, acquisition, and engagement. Perform cross-functionally across departments and stakeholders to foster organizational alignment. Proposed new and continued product lines, as well as the fix and/or elimination of unsuccessful initiatives.  • EMR Systems/Scrum Sessions: Applied quality management software Quality Center in the measurement of test cases. Administered functions in Jira for Agile sprints. Used Microsoft Visio and PowerPoint skillset projects. Operated Meditech 5.6, Meditech 6, and Epic healthcare software for examination and research of intermittent department obstacles, as well as SQL skillset to restore and use data sources. Implementation Project Manager (Solution IT) SHARED HEALTH/BLUE CROSS BLUE SHIELD OF TENNESSEE - Brentwood, TN 2016 to 2016 Led a team of implementation specialists responsible for the execution of information systems into the company's business environment, ensuring all projects adhered to budget allocations and time frame guidelines. Summoned by senior executives to manage a Medicaid implementation for State of Alabama in conjunction with My Care Alabama. Engaged in medical, member, IT, and quality management sessions to drive organization initiatives.  • Medicaid project for State of Alabama: Employed Microsoft Visio and PowerPoint skillsets to assist the State Readiness Assessment, passing with State authorization. Participated in Information Technology solutions delivery to analyze 834 and 837 transactions and project reporting. Analyzed business processes for re-engineering/improvement. Instructed and guided implementation staff. Applied former Medicaid project expertise in steering CMS QIO goals as well as the implementation of Meaningful Use guidelines. Produced schedules and technical memos for project. Cultivated strong partnerships with associates in the Chattanooga office and clients in the Alabama region. Expedited business travel for half of all job duties. Senior Project Manager (Experis) CARDINAL HEALTH - LaVergne, TN, US 2015 to 2015 Navigated an IT/business unit for new business development and patron implementations for Cardinal clientele. Performed as lead coordinator for EDI group to facilitate and regulate projects, administering more governance and solidity in a developing market. Nurtured profitable alliances with clientele and cross-functionally within the company. Aided management in fostering an advanced degree of business knowledge and enabled the growth of distinct standards for monitoring and metrics.  • Third Party Logistics, EDI Information Technology: Participated in business process management and re-engineering. Managed implementations of new clients and monitored/documented all improvement. Initiated new procedures to construct and revamp the current group to prepare for subsequent expansion. Supervised department on a temporary basis in the absence of direct management. Analyzed business processes for re-engineering/improvement.  Additional Experience  Program/Operations Manager * Emdeon Business Services, Nashville, TN  Anchored the design, implementation and delivery of a Third-Party Liability solution for the State of Nevada Medicaid system via Nevada's fiscal agent, Hewlett - Packard (HP) Healthcare. Responsible for reporting/status updates and promotion of CMS Meaningful Use guidelines for Medicaid operations. Review of SOX requirements.  Senior Business Operations Manager (Teksystems) * Tennessee Dept of Transportation (TDOT), Nashville, TN  Facilitated Disaster Recovery and Data Center Migration from Nashville to the Smyrna Data Center.  Senior Project Manager & Business Analyst (Zycron) * HCA, Brentwood/Nashville, TN  Streamlined Interface Implementations and Integration for eCW EMR solution rollout to multiple Regions/Physician groups.  Other Professional Experience    Senior Business Consultant * Schneider Electric LaVergne, TN  Senior PM/BA * WWL- Wallenius Wilhelmson Logistics, Agile Development, Wilmington, CA & Smyrna, TN  Senior Business Consultant * Wellpoint, Anaheim, CA  Senior Project Manager * AAA - Auto Club of Southern California, Costa Mesa, CA  EDI Project Manager * Health Care Partners Medical Group, Torrance, CA  Senior Business Systems Analyst * Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, Wixom, MI  Senior Project Manager * Radley Corporation, Southfield, MI  Senior Project Manager & Business Analyst * (Matrixed environment) Ford Motor Company, Livonia, MI Education Doctor of Management and Organizational Leadership in Management and Organizational Leadership UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX, SCHOOL OF ADVANCED STUDIES - Phoenix, AZ Master of Science in Interdisciplinary Technology in Interdisciplinary Technology EASTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY - Ypsilanti, MI Bachelor of Science in Business Management in Business Management UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN - Dearborn, MI Skills Sdlc, Teradata, Jira, Client/server, Visio, Microsoft access, Sql, Vsam, Epic, Hl7, Meditech, Ansi x12, Microsoft project, Sharepoint, Cics, Gentran, Mvs, Planview, As400, Microsoft visio Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/drdavehancock Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Platforms: Client/server, MVS, CICS, AS400, Teradata, Windows NT  Software/Tools:  ANSI X12, EDIFACT, HL7, VSAM/ISAM, SDLC, Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, Notepad ++, Gentran, TSO/SPF, eCW, Meditech 5.6 / 6.0, MMIS, Clarity, Planview, Jira, Quality Center, Epic, APM, ManageEngine, Smartsheets, LeanKit, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Microsoft Project, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Visio, Confluence, Concur, Ultipro, Sharepoint, and Service Now (Cardinal Health).    Business Systems: Data reporting utilizing SQL, FOCUS, and Access.