IT Specialist/ IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Specialist/ IT Project Manager - Fry-Wagner Moving and Storage St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist/ IT Project Manager Fry-Wagner Moving and Storage August 2016 to Present Administration, installation and maintenance of company equipment, including, but not limited to:  ? Servers, Watchguard Firewalls, Cisco Routers and Switches, Triplite UPS units.  ? Desktops, Laptops, Tablets, Mobile Devices, Video phone systems, Printers, Bluetooth scanners, O'Niel Scanners.  ? Duties also included support for staff in Movers Suite, Windfall, Microsoft Office 16/365, HOD, Cisco Jabber, Cisco 8941, Windows OS, Video Phones and System, Chrome, Firefox, and IE Browsers.  ? Migration projects: Managed teams to disconnect computer equipment, move to new locations and reconnect them.  ? Administration for Microsoft Exchange Server, Snap Servers, and Domain Controllers.    ? Help desk: Performed actions to correct problems for hardware and application issues.  ? Evaluated and prioritized help desk incidents. Core business functions were considered higher priority over end-users. Documented tickets in KACE.  ? Recovered lost or deleted files from automated backup systems.  ? Installation, configuration, and testing for end user systems and services  ? Performed network administration tasks, including user setup, add/remove network printers and file permission updates.  ? Assisted in design, maintenance, and support of day-to-day administration of the organizations network and servers.  ? Terminated and ran appropriate cables.  ? Maintained inventory of servers, desktops, laptops, printers, phones, etc.  ? Software/Hardware purchasing based on company needs. This included shopping price points, reviewing specifications, and presenting opinions to decision makers.  ? Maintained security by keeping the virus protection, firewalls and spam appliances up to date. Education Associate of Applied Science in Network Administration in Network Administration School closed abruptly and was unable - Saint Charles, MO June 2013 to July 2015 Skills CISCO (2 years), DNS, NETWORKING, TCP/IP, MICROSOFT OFFICE (2 years) Additional Information Skills Overview:  • Networking: Managed and implemented computer networks using DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, NAT, remote and routing services, VPN, and IP Security. Ability to implement and configure Windows deployment infrastructure. Install, configure, and administer current client and server operating systems, using Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2008 - R2, Windows Server 2012, and Windows Server 2012 R-2. Some Visio.  • Helpdesk: Identify, configure, upgrade, analyze and resolve issues with computer systems; fix or replace hardware.  • Database administration: Design and implement databases using Microsoft Access; create forms, queries, and reports to end user specifications. Running SQL Queries.  • Customer Service, Relationship Management and Business Development: Works with customers to understand and solve their problems to enhance existing and develop new business opportunities.  • Team Building and Collaboration: Interacts well with diverse individuals to complete objectives. Can take direction and delegate tasks.  • Linux: Utilize the basics of Linux operating system with commands, utilities, and the graphical interface, shells and shell scripting using the Bourne Again Shell.  • Web Design: Create, host, and maintain websites, using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Graphic Design: Create digital files for print publications and web applications using GIMP. Utilize Blender for 3d modeling  • (Above in order of expertise)    Technical Expertise:  Operating Systems: Windows: XP, Vista, 7, 8, 8.1, and 10 Windows Server: 2003, 2008 - R2, 2012 - R2 Linux (beginner) Ubuntu, DSL  Software:  Microsoft Office 10, 13, 16, and 365  Hyper-V, VMware, Movers Suite, Windfall Classic and NG (Warehouse Management System), HOD (Host-on-demand), Cisco Jabber,  KACE incident tracking system, Goto Assist (remote desktop support)    Languages: HTML5, CSS3, PowerShell