Fiber Network Documentation Fiber Network Documentation Infrastructure Support Engineer Centennial, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Fiber Network Documentation Commscope at Google - Thornton, CO May 2018 to Present • Document the fiber network for Google data centers  • Create the geometry for Google data center, and campuses using GIS software (Mapinfo).  • Create buildings,spaces,rooms, floors,racks, and panels using Google tools   • Create Splice records (cut sheets for connectivity)  • Create Build path records for OSP/ISP cabling, document the fiber routes for the cabling.  • Create OSP, ISP cables, connectors, and splicing of cables using Google tools.  • All data gathered and documented is used to give to contractors in the field, and to the data center technicians.  • Work on various tickets using Google ticketing system  • Work in a close parameter with other Project managers, and groups. Infrastructure Support Engineer Field Services - Denver, CO November 2017 to March 2018 • Rack and stack equipment  ? Patch in all fiber and copper cabling  • Image end user workstations  • Configure printers  • Replace hard drives  • Replace RAM in servers, laptops, and PC's  • Assisted with Pad refresh project  • Lead for Flight training facility remodel project  • Coordinate with different contractors to ensure projects meets United standards  ? Works closely with electricians  * To ensure all needs are met per our standards  ? Work closely with telecom contractors  * To ensure cabling matches our standards  * Ensure that our cable pathways are up to our standards  • Travel to ALL airports in the Mountain Region  ? Ensure all LAN rooms, Data centers are up to UA standards  ? Refresh outdated network equipment  ? Work with telecom contractors to get cabling and fiber up to UA standards  • Create LAN room audits  ? Create site survey of all mountain region airports  ? Use Excel, Visio, and power point to create and edit site surveys/audits  ? Verified network equipment, data cabling, fiber optics  ? Documented open ports on switches, patch, panels, and fiber LIU's  ? Uploaded all survey and information onto the United share point services site.  • Participate on conference calls, and bridge  ? Got updates on certain projects  • Work closely with Network engineering to design a "parallel network" for project  • Create BOM (Billing of materials) for projects for United I.T.  • Troubleshot VoIP issues, WAP (wireless access point)  • Ensure all I.T. related equipment is up and working properly  • Assist team with all other work and projects I.T. Support Specialist Catholic Health Initiatives - Denver, CO March 2017 to November 2017 • Manually run script files for various hospitals that CHI manages  • Decommission old servers, equipment, and have them recycled, or shipped to other CHI data centers  ? Per various groups  • Work close to networking, and Wintel teams  • Worked with Linux/Unix teams to configure IP, mac addresses, using precise step-by step documentation  • Check UPS room temperature using Environment  ? Monitor CRAC unit temps  • Monitor data center activity.  ? Troubleshoot any infrastructure issue  ? Monitor INC tickets, and CRQ tickets using Service Now ticketing systems, and Remedy  ? Follow up emails ensuring customer issues have been resolved.  ? Participate in conference calls, and bridge calls to troubleshoot, and resolve issues.  • Installed numerous networking devices  ? Core switches, PoE switches, wireless access points, wall phones, and POS  • Efficient with all Microsoft programs  ? Word, Vizio, Excel, Outlook I.T. Support Engineer/ Project manager United Airlines - Denver, CO August 2016 to March 2017 • Rack and stack equipment  ? Patch in all fiber and copper cabling  • Coordinate with different contractors to ensure projects meets United standards  ? Works closely with electricians  * To ensure all needs are met per our standards  ? Work closely with telecom contractors  * To ensure cabling matches our standards  * Ensure that our cable pathways are up to our standards  • Supervised other team members to ensure workstations were properly installed and functioning once projects and cutovers were complete.  • Delegated closet work to other team members so that closet were complete at the same time  • Gave updates on statues of all work to senior, and principle managers  • Travel to ALL airports in the Mountain Region  ? Ensure all LAN rooms, Data centers are up to UA standards  ? Refresh outdated network equipment  ? Work with telecom contractors to get cabling and fiber up to UA standards  • Create LAN room audits  ? Create site survey of all mountain region airports  ? Use Excel, Visio, and power point to create and edit site surveys/audits  ? Verified network equipment, data cabling, fiber optics  ? Documented open ports on switches, patch, panels, and fiber LIU's  ? Uploaded all survey and information onto the United share point services site.  • Participate on conference calls, and bridge  ? Got updates on certain projects  • Work closely with Network engineering to design a "parallel network" for project  • Create BOM (Billing of materials) for projects for United I.T.  • Troubleshot VoIP issues, WAP (wireless access point)  • Ensure all I.T. related equipment is up and working properly  • Work closely with General Contractors to ensure all deadlines are met.  • Assist team with all other work and projects Analyst Hosting Services - Denver, CO October 2015 to May 2016 • Monitor data center activity.  ? Troubleshooting vendor issues.  ? Monitor trouble tickets, and change tickets using Service Now ticketing systems  ? Follow up emails ensuring customer issues have been resolved.  ? Participate in conference calls, and bridge calls to troubleshoot, and resolve issues.  • Smart-hands  ? When needed to login into devices and configure devices per customer directions.  * Configuring Mac addresses, IP addresses, DNS, and etc.  • Create precise cage layout spreadsheets  ? Showing elevations and locations of specific devices.  ? Maintaining and keeping spreadsheets up to date.  • Capable of installing numerous networking devices,  • Efficient with all Microsoft programs  ? Word, Visio, Excel, Outlook Education DCS in Fiber Optics Data Center Services - Englewood, CO October 2013 to October 2015 Skills ILOG (2 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (2 years), MS OFFICE (2 years), OUTLOOK (1 year), EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  • Proficient in Windows based programs, and applications  • XP, Microsoft office, Microsoft outlook, Server 2003  • Proficient in Apple based programs and applications  • IChat, iDesk, iLog, KB, and etc.  • Possess excellent communication skills  • Very personable  • Retain information very well if needed for training