IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Washington, DC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager STEMConnector August 2015 to November 2016 DC    * Managed internal and external stakeholders requirement, and aligning it to the overall project scope and objective.  * Defined Team activity, planning and scheduling of team members into strategic roles to achieved set objectives  * Identified Stakeholder requirements, and aligned it with project scope, this helped track project scope with customer requirement which led to a positive customer feedback.  * Assessed and analyzed the impact of the new platform on the organization's processes and people, and recommended impact reduction strategies.  * Collected and analyzed capability and behavior requirements for the new system, and created metrics that was used in measuring progress towards the target state of the system and communicating to senior management on project status and achievements.  * Coordinating daily standup meetings, and daily communication with stakeholders, to ensure project scope is aligned with stakeholder's objectives.  * Implemented a change brand strategy geared at increasing project scope awareness across the organization  * Tracked and monitored project performance against project baselines, which helped manage project progress.  * Coordinated status/progress report meetings, presented status reports to key stakeholders, which ensured compliance with project scope. IT Project Manager Concordia Communications Limited September 2012 to August 2014 Responsible for analyzing, developing, and implementing strategic planning projects including Project Afrique and Project Kenya. Acted as the point of contact between clients and company, advising potential clients of new product trends and market risks and implementing performance-improvement strategies to determine root cause of company turnover rates and achieve desirable cutbacks and increased profits.  * Oversaw the SDLC of a peer-to-peer lending application platform in Kenya. Also researched the mitigating risks factors by analyzing risks and issues raised, assigning, and providing assistance to ensure resolution for the team.  * Process implementation management.  * Acted as the Product Owner (Voice of Customer) on a mobile technology messaging application.  * Developing weekly reports on project status and communicating project progress to senior leadership using data analytics.  * Facilitating weekly RAID (Risks, Actions, Issues, and Decisions) meetings, and managing the overall RAID process.  * Was the Team Leader for 'Project Afrique'. Responsibilities included overseeing the company's market expansion strategy that resulted in product sales and partnerships with three communication companies in Kenya, Ghana, and South Africa.  * Executed 'Project Kenya' with responsibilities including overseeing the market expansion plan for Safaricom in Nairobi. This resulted in a 20% increase in small scale product vending nationwide.  * Maintained company-client relationships, advising potential clients of new product trends and market risks. IT Project Manager Winfordtechnology LLC October 2011 to August 2012 Utilized project management skills to manage projects initiation and planning, monitoring, evaluation and project delivery.    * Collected and analyzed capability and behavior requirements for the new system, and created metrics that was used in measuring progress towards the target state of the system and communicating to senior management on project status and achievements.  * Developed and executed change and user adoption strategies for the implementation of the new servicing platform.  * Scheduled activity within the critical part to overlap with some key deliverables, to help control schedule variance.  * Ensured company operations were in compliance with environmental regulatory standards.  * Managed and assigned resources to areas that would be utilize it. This was done to ensure that activities had the required resources to complete each task.  * Coordinated personnel task scheduling and monitoring to ensure increased staff performance and productivity.  * Managed project schedule, track risks and issues, schedule and drive stakeholder meetings, daily standup meetings as needed. Education Masters Degree in International Business George Washington University - Washington, DC Bachelors Degree in Economics The University of Abuja Skills Business Planning (5 years), Content Development (5 years), Project Management (6 years), Project Scheduling (5 years), SDLC (5 years), Agile (3 years), Process Improvement (5 years), Requirements Management (5 years), Client Management (5 years), Project Cost Management (5 years), IT Service Management (5 years), ITIL (3 years), JIRA (4 years), SQL (4 years), Tableau (3 years), Scrum (5 years), Project Planning (5 years), Scope Management (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2016 to December 2019 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) April 2017 to February 2019 Agile Methodology Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    Project management?Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Scrum. Waterfalls and Agile methodologies, Continuous Process Improvement? JIRA/SQL/SSRS/MS Project?Product management? Program Management? Scheduling? Team management? Communication ? Content Development ? Business Planning and Development ? SWOT Analysis? Client expectations management? Business Performance Analytics. Customer and Consumer Service management ? Data Management ? Mac ? Tableau (Fundamentals) ? Learning Management Systems ? Time Management ? Negotiation ? Business Planning ? Relationship Management and Development ? Servant-Leader ? Marketing ? MS Office ? Strategy Development ?