IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Costa Mesa, CA Work Experience IT Technician Gotmortgage.com Mortgage Banker - Fountain Valley, CA September 2010 to Present Create and customize software Mortgage and Predictive Dialer systems applications and tools using advanced development and coding techniques. Manage all phases of application design -- from coding and prototyping through system testing, integration and deployment. Managing operations with up to 150+ employees and 18 Branches. Alone    Computer Repair Technician    • Diagnose and repair desktops, laptops and peripheral devices  • Perform installation, diagnosis and repair of all computers  • Troubleshoot computer hardware and software  • Take apart and re-assemble computer systems as required  • Resolve network issues as and when required  • Manually set up computer systems  • Perform preventive maintenance by installing prudent software and hardware  • Enhanced Encompass 360 reporting subsystem that provided new functionality to reporting functions and a paperless system that were previously unavailable.  • Worked on yearlong project creating interface with core Encompass 360 to enable automated Banking Loan System generation. Saved thousands of hours annually while increasing accuracy from less than 90% to 99.9%  Enhanced Marking Sells provided new functionality to Predictive Dialer systems functions that were previously unavailable.  Funder/Docs/Underwriter/Processor assistant    Interacted daily with the underwriters analyzing documents such as appraisals, 1003's, title reports, credit reports, etc to determine if there are any discrepancies and presenting them to management if necessary.    • Conventional/FHA/VA/Harps  • Accurately reviewed files to correspond to company guidelines and regulations.  • Verify employments with HR or business references. IT Project Manager The Broker Store - Downey, CA February 2013 Responsibilities  Directly responsible for project management of software engineering teams to develop efficient systems, utilizing various technologies within the Bank.     • Led assigned project teams with IT application development and implementation of schedules, estimates, risk assessments, issue resolution and the alignment with business strategies and objective.     • Developed project plans, managed and directed development efforts for software installations, systems enhancements, upgrades and application modifications.     • Responsible for requirement definition, design specifications, project plans, data modeling, business case development, user acceptance testing and user documentation and training.     Accomplishments  Set up Servers 75 + Computer and phone system and wired and was the leader to set that up Skills Handy man , Programming , Graphics Design, Inventory Management Additional Information ? Goal oriented individual with strong work ethnics, professional, trustworthy, hard worker, team player, adaptable to changing environment, and ability to work under pressure in a fast paced environment.  ? Able to manage multiple tasks, and eager to become successful within a strong growing company, with excellent communication, documentation, and problem solving skills.  ? Excellent analytical skills, detailed oriented and ability to handle customers with tact and diplomacy.  ? Magic, DataTrac. (Experience with FHA, VA, Conv, DU, LP, Respa, GFE)  ? Five years of Customer Support Specialist in Programming, diagnosing and troubleshooting computer, servers, phone Predictive Dialer systems, and mobile devices problems.  ? Highly skilled in installing and configuring systems (Microsoft, Outlook Server, Window Servers 2003 and up)  ? A+ Certification (current)  ? CCNA Certification (current)  ? Remote and Phone Support  ? Able to install windows and apple, antivirus applications and patches  ? Hands on experience in analyzing failed equipment and managing resolutions  ? In depth knowledge of Apple, Windows, IOS, Android PC and mobile devices  ? Expert in using hand power tools  ? One and One training