IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Professional Moyock, NC 18 Years experience in guiding a variety of IT projects to completion involving hardware infrastructure design, builds, migrations and software application rollouts.    Self-starter who has designed and implemented end-to-end Virtual Computing platforms and data center solutions with minimal supervision. Seasoned communicator experienced working with end users, managers, vendors, consultants and executives to achieve project success. Knowledge of Microsoft Azure and familiar with Agile Scrum processes. Work Experience IT Project Manager Riverside Health System - Newport News, VA January 2018 to Present Coordination of various I.T. projects between Construction Management, Facility Management and Corporate I.T. teams. Planning for new construction and renovated spaces related to medical and hospital facilities. Analysis and assessments on proposed office/unit equipment moves resulting from facility new construction and renovations. Successful collaboration with multiple parties to achieve project completions. Director of IT Operations Patient Advocate Foundation - Hampton, VA February 2014 to February 2017 Management of 9 team professionals and a $1.3M budget. Responsible for leadership of the infrastructure and operations teams of the Information Technology Department. Developed cost/benefit analysis and business case justification. Ensuring best practices for systems management, data center operations, new hardware and software technology implementations and meeting business solution needs. Management of infrastructure and process improvement projects. Implementation of disaster recovery solutions, cloud service and platform migrations. Technical platforms: Dell Compellant SAN, EMC VNX5300 SAN, Dell AppAssure Backup, EMC Avamar Backup, VMWare vSphere 6.0, Windows Server 2008/2012R2, Linux CentOS, Windows 7/10, MS Exchange, O365, Dell Servers, Dell & Cisco switches, Dell & HP Blade Enclosures, Brocade Fabric Switches, SonicWALL, SolarWinds, Symantec. Systems Manager National Surgical Hospitals, Inc - Chicago, IL August 2000 to December 2012 • Managed growth from 1 to 22 hospitals with corporate data center Citrix VDI platform, 1200 user base, 24/7 environment.  • Deployed healthcare applications (Meditech, CPSI, Paragon, AdvantX) over Citrix XenApp platforms.  • Responsible for new hardware builds and upgrades, critical application deployments and maintenance.  • SAN Experience (installation and configuration of HP EVA SAN, Brocade, Emulex, QLogic hardware components and management with HP Command View 9.x software, Brocade switch zoning, LUN presentation, configuration of disk group RAID arrays, volume mirror clones, snapshots, replication). Knowledge of block vs. file shared storage, Fibre Channel, iSCSI, NFS, FCoE technologies, Thin Provisioning, Deduplication, Multipathing configuration, SSD, SAS and SATA drive IOPS performance characteristics, dynamic volume expansion/reduction, hot spare, offline vs. online compression & encryption performance considerations, Server Blade System HBA, CNA & NIC virtualization technology, hypervisor integration, etc.  • Citrix WAN builds and management with Citrix XenApp 5.x/6.x versions.  • Experience with Microsoft Server NT4.0/2000/2003/2008/2008R2/2012.  • Built and managed virtualized computing platforms using HP FC SAN backend, MS Srvr 2003/2008, VMWare vSphere 4.x/5.x (650 VM environment), Citrix XenServer 5.x/6.x, Citrix XenApp/Desktop 4.x/5.x/6.x) Wide array of experience with HP Enterprise hardware (servers, SAN, fibre channel switches & Tape Libraries, etc.).  • Experience with Juniper SSL/VPN hardware appliances, Barracuda Appliances, Symantec Backup Exec, PHD Virtual Backup and Bridgehead Backup solutions, Symantec Corp. Antivirus & Enterprise Vault Email Archiving.  • Many other areas of experience (i.e. Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange and Microsoft SQL, etc.) Mobile Subscriber Systems Operator U.S. Army, Signal Corps August 1992 to July 1996 • Trained on encrypted mobile subscriber systems • G.E. computer card based PBS systems, over-the-air frequency forward deployments Education Bachelor's Skills PM Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: SPC