Senior Consultant Senior Consultant Senior Consultant - PCubed Moraga, CA Work Experience Senior Consultant PCubed January 2019 to Present Project Manager for Label Implementation Process of regulatory label changes for biopharmaceutical company. Charged with simplifying supply chain process involving 5 stakeholder teams and over 200 label changes. Evaluated tools such as Sharepoint List & SmartSheet. Developed reporting dashboards using Power BI. IT Senior Project Manager PG&E January 2018 to September 2018 IT Project Manager executing implementation of FM:Systems SaaS application for Corporate Real Estate. Managed an IT project budget of $1.6 million including all aspects of scope, schedule, data migration, integrations, issue resolution, and status reporting. Worked with a team of 25 third party configuration vendors, managed service providers, and stakeholders to design, build, test, and deploy hosted modules, and conducted 2 successful Operational Readiness/Gate Reviews for iterative software deployment. Senior Consultant BRIDGE Energy Group February 2017 to November 2017 Project coordinator for EMS SCADA communications upgrade project at West Coast utility. Developed project tracking and status mechanisms for 1,100 device upgrades throughout service territory.  Business Analyst for Enterprise Grid Modernization Planning project for North East utility with multiple states and regulatory commissions. Conducted interviews of key personnel to determine current state, defined/prioritized grid modernization initiatives and prepared Investment Roadmap for executives. IT Project manager/Business Analyst PG&E January 2011 to December 2016 IT Project Manager for Opower/FirstFuel/Targetbase SaaS implementation projects at PG&E, managing project status and deliverables, vendor relationship and $2 million budget for Energy Advisor Products Group. Subject Matter Expert on Energy Audits, Home and Business Energy Checkups and Reports, and audit data extracts from OPower/FirstFuel.  IT Project Manager for the Commercial Whole Building project at PG&E, which is an industry-leading building energy analytics project supporting paid incentives calculated through interval-level savings. Managed the interval data load for the software applications and lead testing, training, and support for project implementers and end users.  Lead Business Analyst and Power User for the C3 Energy enterprise SaaS platform implementations for Large Commercial & Industrial (LC&I) and Small/Medium Business customers. This application assists account reps and utility customers in benchmarking their portfolio of properties and promoting demand response/energy efficiency programs. Managed the implementation effort (loading data for 2,000 LC&I customers), designed/documented use cases for internal and external users, and trained/supported the C3 users.  Supported the Web Services linked to the EPA/Energy Star Portfolio Manager website. This application authorizes and uploads energy data for ~14,000 buildings in PG&E service territory. Executed SQL Queries to resolve data loading issues and designed API's to share data with EPA website. Business Analyst PG&E November 2009 to September 2010 customer support  Performed "deep dive" analysis of customer escalated complaints regarding their post SmartMeter installation billing/usage for the SmartMeter Operations and Customer Relations group. Provided recommendations to executives on how to resolve customer issues, and recommended systems and process improvements to reduce number of complaints. Also resolved complaints with the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) by working with customers to ensure their satisfaction. OWNER/ENTREPRENEUR The Nurture Center, LLC December 2000 to May 2009 Established brick & mortar and ecommerce store (www.nurturecenter.com) focused on maternity and baby products/resources. Grew business to $1.5 million in annual revenue and 10 employees, and managed all aspects of business including operations, finance, technology selection, SEO, and marketing. The business was successfully sold in May, 2009. Alliance & Channels Manager Accenture June 1996 to June 1999 One of three managers charged with developing the alliance and channels program in the Pacific Region. Responsibilities included: opportunity qualification, advising clients on high-level technology decisions, vendor contract negotiation, and managing the delivery of technology services. In 3 years, generated $1.2 million in margin on $6 million in sales. project manager/Billing Team Lead Accenture - CIS Implementations April 1989 to May 1996 Lead consulting manager on the development of a customized customer information system (CIS) supporting 500,000 customers. The system included billing, credit and collection, and order processing features. Provided functional and technical direction to the 60 team members as they designed the user interface, processes and reports. Managed the scope and progress of the 17,500 workday project and provided results of analysis and recommendations to the client project manager.  Billing development function team leader of a customized customer information system (CIS) supporting 2.8 million customers. Developed the detailed design specifications for many of the billing sub-functions and designed the batch billing architecture to accommodate high-volume transactions and flexibility for future billing requirements. Supervised 18 analysts and Programmers in completing the detailed design and programming, and developed the system test plan for the 400 billing modules. Education BBA in Business Analysis and Accounting Texas A&M University Skills SAAS (6 years), SOFTWARE AS A SERVICE (6 years), SQL (5 years), DATA MIGRATION (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), DATA INTEGRATION (Less than 1 year), INTEGRATION (Less than 1 year), INTEGRATOR (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year), MS ACCESS (Less than 1 year), MS PROJECT (Less than 1 year), PMI/PMP (Less than 1 year), PMP (Less than 1 year), PMP CERTIFIED (Less than 1 year), PROCESS DESIGN (Less than 1 year), PROGRAM MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), SDLC (Less than 1 year), SOLUTIONS (Less than 1 year), USER SCENARIOS (Less than 1 year), VISIO (Less than 1 year), PM, Information Technology, Waterfall Additional Information PMP Certified IT Project Manager and Business Analyst who has successfully delivered large, complex projects and programs. Managed entire lifecycle of Customer Engagement SaaS projects, and developed deep expertise in Data Analytics, Use Case Development, IT Project Methodology, and Enterprise Software Solution Implementation.    Areas of expertise include:  • SaaS Implementations/Hosted Solutions • Certified ScrumMaster©, PMP Certified  • API's/Data Integration/Data Migration • SDLC Project Waterfall Methodology  • Business Process Design/User Scenarios • Project/Program Management/Methodology  • Gate Review/Milestones/Sharepoint • MS Project/MS Access/SQL/Visio/P6/Jira