Consulting Project Coordinator Skype for Business Consulting <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Skype for Business Business system analyst SR, ASQ Six Sigma Green Belt Milford, CT IT management professional with the skills, agility, and business sense to succeed in any situation. Experience in  Transformation to lead the global shared services organization and further develop the Infrastructure organization's  core capabilities of Project Management, Change Management, Communications and Training Strategy.  Experience in Manufacturing, Security, Supply Chain, Pharmaceuticals, Health care and Transportation  sectors.  My work experience has given me the insight and possibilities to inspire others within the team as well as develop my  technical and project management skills in a global environment.  As a person I am willing to take on responsibility and make things happen. I am always looking for opportunities to  assist, priority and lead changes and implement new ideas. I am open-minded, structured and down to earth.    Plexus Corp. (Neenah, WI)  Business Systems Analyst II  September 2016 - April 2019 (2 years 8 months)  Responsibilities:  • Serve as a point of contact for the business and manage the relationship to optimize Operational Excellence and ensure  Customer Service Excellence, including accountability for customer satisfaction.  • Exercise business process and tool knowledge, IT Principles/Procedures are followed, and IT Service Levels (OLAs) are attained.  Perform incident trend analysis to make product improvement recommendations.  • Deliver assignments on time and with high quality. Actively participate in or lead Functional User Groups/QBRs solutions across  multiple sites/regions, managing priorities of upcoming demands.  • Assist Solutions Development: Coordinate project delivery by using  requirements to drive the design or review of test cases, participate in design reviews and walk-throughs to communicate systems  designs and validate proposed solutions, and perform / coordinate functional and User Acceptance testing (UAT). Work with  cross-functional teams on enterprise-wide programs.  • Responsible for configuring systems, where needed, to accommodate system changes related to support, project, and  enhancement activities.  • Regulatory Compliance: Ensure that solutions support Plexus and customer policies surrounding key controls and compliance,  such as SOX, ITAR, EAR, FDA, and others as appropriate.  • BA and Technical Systems Analyst for Quality applications  • Conducting customer reporting for both medical customers as well as military customer  • Technical Currency: Remain current on Plexus business, industry and IT technology trends in order to provide forward looking  solutions  Applications:  • Manufacturing solutions  • ServiceNow  • Workday  • Quality Systems (TipQA, Visual Fair)  • Citrix  • SQL  • Customer Reporting (BI)  • AGILE  • JDE  • Power BI  • Jira  • SharePoint    Kimberly-Clark /Kellys Services (Neenah, WI)  Process Lead/Solution Consultant  November 2015 - July 2016 (9 months)  Responsibilities:  Process Lead/Solution Consultant on Kimberly-Clark's IT platforms. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consulting Project Coordinator Skype for Business Kimberly-Clark /Kellys Services - Neenah, WI May 2015 to July 2016 Responsibilities:  Working as Consulting Project Coordinator and Transformation Project Lead for Skype for Business in a Large KC project.  Project Description:  Migrate Voice from Avaya platform to Skype for Business Enterprise, including Polycom Video solution, Audio Conferencing, Presence and Telephony into a single application Skype for Business: Consulting Change Management: Voice/Video and Telecom Kimberly-Clark /Kellys Services - Neenah, WI May 2014 to April 2015 Responsibilities:  Consulting for change management, planning, testing and implementing a new global infrastructure for Kimberly Clark's healthcare in Voice/Video and Telecom.  • Partners with business functions to gain business knowledge  • Works on strategic projects (Call Center, Avaya PBX separations, BlueJeans Video Conference system, Polycom room system)  • Translates business requirements into IT solution design  • Works with development resources to confirm the requirement is being met  • Develops the future state solution alternatives with recommendations  • Writes functional requirements, develops test plans, conducts unit and string tests and production validation tests  • Writes scripts for and participates in integration tests  • Works to resolve production support issues  • System configuration and associated documentation  • Assists with training users  • Assists with data conversion and data validation  • Participates in go-live activities and post live support IT Operations Manager DSM Sinochem Pharmaceuticals - Delft, NL May 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  Day-to-day operational support management for infrastructure technologies that include supplier management activities, business  continuity, and overall service delivery, incident, and problem management activities.  • Ensuring timely and reliable delivery within budget and policies of ICT services.  • Maintaining lCT security awareness/integrity both for new and existing business, compliant with both national and international rules  and regulations, as well as with DSP requirements and DSP policies and procedures.  • Develop and manage end user computing hardware and software standards (Windows 7)  • Manage software deployment to the end-users including O365  • Mange Voice and Video infrastructure and contracts.  • Build hardware and software deployment processes  • Manage budgets.  • Design and implement global infrastructural support with enterprise business units.  • Global asset and inventory management.  • Provide periodical metrics to upper management and stakeholders as needed.  • Prepare Standard of Procedures (SOP).  • Enforce the IT policies and procedures of the company in relation to Service Level Agreements (SLA).  • Manage contractors and vendors.  • Provide training and knowledge transfers to remote team resources IT-Coordinator Atlantic Container Line June 2000 to June 2011 Responsibilities:  Responsible for managing all IT services at ACL Sweden AB. Developed a new and managed data center operations for data, voice, and network systems including  Exchange email, Oracle, MS SQL, Citrix, server virtualization, data storage, Cisco routers, JDE, Call Center, including audio/web  conferencing, video and mobile solutions.  •Hands on experience with all OS platforms, SAN/NAS technology, Virtualization, Cisco networking, telecom and other data center technologies such as infrastructure, backup etc.  • Proven strategic planning and implementation from concept to fully operational status  • Results focused and ability to creatively resolve business challenges  • Innovative in reducing operational risks while minimizing costs  • Work with external vendors to source, plan, and negotiate needed resources  • Serve as liaison between the IT Infrastructure and software development  • Oversee and hands on technical projects as required such as system upgrades and new  technologies  • Research and provide input for annual budgeting IT Engineer/Technician Atlantic Container Line February 1998 to July 2000 Responsibilities:  Hands on Technical for managing all IT services at Flygfaltsbyran, including: Purchase, install and manage all Novell servers and Netback up solutions for five offices. Desktop duties include imaging PCs and equipment for new employees, computer upgrades, and all aspects of desktop PC, hardware and software.  Support and troubleshooting. I also manage Help Desk support, and writing IT documentation. Additional duties include technical  project management, managing and supporting hosted infrastructure, offsite data, Storage and Disaster Recovery, as well as being in charge of vendor management. IT Teacher Atlantic Container Line June 1989 to January 1997 Responsibilities:  Educated the office personnel in software usage. Education Master's Degree in Data Communication College of Backangskolan 1997 to 1998 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/carinavestlund