Sr. Project Manager-EPMO (consulting position) Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>-EPMO (consulting position) Sr. Project Manager-EPMO (consulting position) - HCSC Naperville, IL Work Experience Sr. Project Manager-EPMO (consulting position) HCSC May 2019 to Present • Responsible for leading projects (and/or multiple subprojects of a program) of various sizes and complexity.  • Leading cross-functional teams.  • Managing financials, PMLC (Waterfall and Agile) with Spark/Clarity and Jira. IT Security Project Manager- IPMO (consulting position) UNITED AIRLINES April 2018 to March 2019 • Leading cross-functional team with IT Cybersecurity (i.e. PAM, GDPR, MFA, DDOS, etc.) and compliance projects.  • Leading vendor selection.  • Managing Security projects with EDBA/PMLC.  • Leading Cybersecurity service deployment.  • Developing and managing project financials.  • Proactively managing risks and issues.  • Accolades for successfully managing complex projects. IT Sr. IAM Project Manager-PMO (consulting position) TAKEDA November 2017 to March 2018 Worked on Global Cybersecurity solution implementation.  • Provided leadership to cross-functional teams and/or project composed of multiple work streams in the successful delivery of high-impact IT initiatives.  • Prioritized the initiatives, planning solutions to achieve identified objectives, driving program achievement, interfaces with senior IT management, and influences decision-making on the project.  • Collaborated with the leadership team and directing staff to ensure that the results of the initiatives are incorporated into global validated GXP and other regulated security solutions.  • Successfully lead team of internal and/or contractors.  • Gained recognition for successfully implementing the strategic solution in an aggressive timeline. Project Manager CAPGEMINI CONSULTING March 2017 to September 2017 Release Manager  • Managed Global Retail Digital Commerce program deployed through e-commerce, mobile, and kiosks for delivery services. Strategically planned and directed release timeline windows and cycles across project portfolio.  • Measured and monitored progress to ensure application releases are delivered on time, within budget, and meet or exceed expectations.  • Reviewed project documents to identify potential issues and concerns and develop solutions.  • Communicated key project plans, commitments, and changes including requirements, QA plans, schedule, and scope changes. Provided weekly release reporting to stakeholders.  • Conducted project release readiness, milestones, and business Go/No-Go reviews. IT Sr. IAM Project Manager-PMO MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS December 2016 to March 2017 part-time consulting position)  • Managed Enterprise IAM platform project implementation and transition. Prioritized, planned, and executed project schedule. Communicated status reports of complex business or technical issues to project team.  • Led Agile Scrum project lifecycle with cross-functional teams.  • Provided input to project documents (e.g. Okta communication, Google form, etc.), templates, and processes.  • Collaborated with project team to drive continuous improvement in service quality for project delivery. Sr. Cloud Project/Program Manager, Cloud Services EDGE SYSTEMS, LLC September 2014 to September 2016 • Led FedRAMP compliance, risk, security, and complex cloud computing infrastructure projects. Managed project budget, scope, timeline, program governance, vendor integrations, and deliverables under tight time constraints.  • Developed, managed and ensured project plans, management standards, process, methodologies and tools during successful datacenter conversion.  • Led meetings with security vendors and engineers to determine security requirements and develop solutions.  • Developed marketing plans for new product (virtual and cloud/IaaS, DaaS) solution rollouts. Corporate Project/Program Manager PMO MERCURY PRODUCTS CORP 2013 to 2014 • Implemented project management/PMO-processes, methodologies, and tools.  • Championed efficient and effective organization transformation with global PMO implementation.  • Developed and implemented PMO processes, methodologies, and tools from startup to completion.  • Led new product development and process improvement programs using Agile and Waterfall.  CONSULTING PMO Manager EVRAZ 2012 to 2012 • Strategically planned, coordinated, and led new and backlogged IT projects using SharePoint. Managed project scope, budget, and timeline, enhancing project management/PMO maturity. Measured and reported PMO compliance.  • Defined, developed, and evolved IT PMO methods and processes in domestic and international offices.  • Managed and supported small to large IT CAPEX/OPEX projects using project management methodologies. HARLEY DAVIDSON FINANCIAL SERVICES 2012 to 2012 contract position)  • Implemented IT project management and resource management practices; focused on project coordination and data analytics; managed resource allocation, administration, reported project performance and management compliance.  • Monitored, analyzed, and reconciled project budget.  • Supported and managed PMO/portfolio planning, processes, tools, governance, collaboration tools. Project Management Instructor MITS 2012 to 2012 Taught project management to professionals for CAPM/PMP certification exam. Product Manager JOINT COMMISSION RESOURCES 2011 to 2011 • Provided product management and strategic direction services.  • Enhanced the web portal compliance program.  • Architected a unified order fulfillment web portal platform. Project Manager IBM GLOBAL DELIVERY SERVICES 2011 to 2011 • Provided end-to-end client project management including leading cross-functional teams, vendor administration, cost estimation, and resource planning.  • Projects included IT Infrastructure setup, server relocation, and datacenter renovation. Product Manager NOKIA 2009 to 2010 • Brought stalled product to completion by providing creative solutions and project leadership.  • Managed new web product development using Agile methodologies.  • Directed service optimization, continuous process improvement, and vendor management. New Product Development Manager UNITED AIRLINES 2007 to 2008 • Conducted product development and management in support of selling ancillary products to customers through United Airlines multi-channels. Championed PMO processes and project management tools.  • Drove and completed vendor selection process (RFP, RFQ, SOW) ahead of aggressive schedule.  • Captured 25% cost savings by executing continuous process improvement. Program/ Project Manager LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 2006 to 2007 • Managed One Lucent Software Initiative program. Led RFP process from discovery to closure.  • Achieved 50% value chain cost savings and improved customer satisfaction. LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 1997 to 2007 Product Manager LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 2001 to 2006 • Provided portfolio management and product management to the organization.  • Realized 50% cost savings, quadruple revenue, and increased customer satisfaction.  • Increased revenue 35% to the product line implementing a customer centric product and pricing model. Software Project/Release Manager LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 1999 to 2001 • Built, led, supervised, and supported cross-functional teams.  • Reduced new feature/product delivery time 75% 12 months-3 months) by enforcing industry standards. Product Test Advocate (PM)/Test Engineer LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES 1997 to 1999 • Promoted to senior member of technical staff within 11 months of joining the company.  • Chaired department patent/process improvement team generated $22M in patents; provided $35M CR.    TECNOLOGY/INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE: Cloud Computing, Mobile, Automotive, E-commerce, SEO, Supply Chain, Telecom, Security, IT, CRM, Healthcare Compliance, Finance, Education. Education MBA Roosevelt University Skills Cmmi, Pmo, Product lifecycle, Product lifecycle management, Requirements management, Rfp, Team management, Sharepoint, Jira, Erp, Sap, Change management, Ms project, Life cycle, Budget, Forecasting, Product development, Portfolio management, New product development, Process improvement Additional Information CORE SKILLS  Strategic Planning & Execution Project Management Product Development Quality Assurance  Risk Management Cost Savings Agile/Waterfall Methodologies Six Sigma Customer Relationship Management  Continuous Process Improvement Change Management Complex Problem Solving Vendor Management    SOFT SKILLS: Communication, Adaptability, Teamwork and Collaboration, Problem Solving, Conflict Resolution, Analytical and Interpersonal Skills.    CAREER SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE  Product/Portfolio management PMO/ Project/Program management Cross functional leadership  New Product development Process improvement Strategic & Tactical mgmt.  Product lifecycle management Change management Web/app development  Exhibits/Trade shows Risk/crisis/time management Requirements management  Scope management Life cycle (Agile & Waterfall) Budget and forecasting  Quality management Financial/Technical Analysis Supply chain (SAP/ERP)  Training/Mentoring/Coaching Strategic prioritization model Communication management  Procurement (RFP/RFQ/SOW) Standards and procedures Infrastructure (server/storage)  Vendor Management Global team management Resource planning  Release management Customer Interface SharePoint, Clarity, JIRA  MS Project/office suite Software/CMMI CAPEX/OPEX management