Executive Director of IT and Biomed Executive Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> and Biomed Executive Director of IT and Biomed - Granville Health System Chapel Hill, NC Work Experience Executive Director of IT and Biomed Granville Health System - Oxford, NC March 2018 to Present Assumed Duties of: Chief Information Security Officer and HIPAA Security Officer  Responsible for multiple technical/business/clinical units    Responsible for developing strategic roadmap including SWOT Analysis. Responsible for the system-wide IT Infrastructure Consolidation and Buildout. Created strategy of revamping architecture for the hospital system including multiple sites and 8 practice locations. Responsible for all hospital infrastructure including firewalls, routers, switches, VOIP, telecommunications, VPN, Windows Server, Exchange, and Active Directory.  Performed IT Audits. Led organization through disaster recovery allowing the organization to continue to provide quality patient care.    Partner with Quality and Compliance teams to achieve patient satisfaction goals and regulatory statues. Generated cost savings of 300K year over year. Work closely with Hospital Leadership and Board Members on IT proposals and contracts. Work closely on compliance and regulatory initiatives and interfacing with state regulators and joint commission.    Responsible for Budget:  CapEx - 4.5M  Op Ex - 3.5M IT Program Manager UNC Healthcare - Chapel Hill, NC September 2013 to March 2018 Responsible for the overall direction and leadership of technical and infrastructure projects. Responsible for corporate level IT Infrastructure Consolidation and Build out, Application development. Ensured that functional and strategic goals were met through the effective management of multiple and diverse teams and priorities. Provided direction and leadership to team members and consultants in the management of human resources strategies, programs and initiatives, and best practices. Led unified communications implementation resulting in better continuity across platforms and hospitals while reduce costs. Led cross functional team in the development of improved workflows by way of infrastructure re-design.  Responsible for the business strategy, IT planning, and execution of the opening of two new hospitals: Hillsborough Hospital and NC Heart&Vascular Hospital.    Responsible for Budget:  CapEx - 8M  OP Ex - 4.5 M Senior Manager Oxford University Press - Cary, NC February 2012 to September 2013 Reported to the Company CEO in UK. Led corporate technology projects and new consolidation initiatives. Created company-wide document management system. Streamlined approach to achieve a common helpdesk, problem/change management solution replacing 6 different solutions across the globe. Senior Program Manager Duke Clinical Research Institute - Durham, NC February 2010 to February 2012 Responsible for Global Site-up and clinical trials using enterprise Document Management System and Portal Solution. Project Budget - 3M. System supported 100K users w/ 99.999% up-time. Responsible for following SDLC process and writing SDLC documentation including Validation Plan, System Test Plan, System Requirements to insure 21 CFR Part 11 Compliance. Reduced company dependency on paper while reducing storage needs. Senior Project Manager/Consultant Sealy Mattress - High Point, NC June 2009 to February 2010 Responsible for implementing a corporate IT solution to manage the nearly 2000 servers and devices providing better reporting and supply chain metrics. The metrics served as the driving force to change processes to improve efficiencies. Senior Project Manager/Consultant GXS - Raleigh, NC November 2008 to June 2009 Managed full cycle SDLC migration for clients. Responsible for creating and maintaining a global health data exchange network used by 20K+ clients. Enacted the standardization of project management templates, SOWs, and proposals. PMO Director VIF Program - Chapel Hill, NC October 2007 to November 2008 Led the creation of the Project Management Office putting into place policies and procedures. Oversaw the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, and support of all hardware and software based on company needs. Responsible for replacing legacy applications with an enterprise system that allowed for better marketing, recruiting, and human resource capacities.    Responsible for Budget:  CapEx - 3.5M  OP Ex - 2.5 M Senior Project Manager/Consultant Time Warner Cable - Charlotte, NC June 2007 to October 2007 Improved existing processes and created new processes that allowed the IT department to assume more projects without increasing the number of resources. Led the upgrade of 16 regional and national data/call centers. The upgrade consisted of replacing servers, routers, switches, firewalls, and voice recognition software using SOA architecture. Managed vendor relationships. Senior Project Manager IBM - Charlotte, NC May 2000 to June 2007 Responsible for creating and presenting status charts to IBM senior management. Interfaced with finance and business teams to manage the reporting metrics. Responsible for leading technical teams to deliver a product on-time with high quality, within budget to the market. Education B.S. Electrical/Biomedical Engineering Duke University - Durham, NC 2000 MBA Regis University Skills Budget, Audit, Accounting systems, Accounting, Claims, Billing, Data center, Devops, Hipaa, Citrix, Application development, Middleware, Software development, Voip, Saas, Pmo, Erp, Sdlc, Crm, Sap Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Mergers & Acquisitions • Software Defined Data Center (SDDC) Hybrid Cloud, IaaS, PaaS, IoT  • Site Start-ups and support, Rev Cycle • Financial, HealthCare, Manufacturing, Supply chain, Energy, Retail  • High volumes of Data, Data Center management and compliance and regulations • Application development - DevOps, Kanban, Kaizen, Scrum, Legacy (Waterfall/Agile)  Corporate systems consolidations in Healthcare, Financial / Accounting systems, ERP, and CRM solutions, both on Prem/Cloud    Benchmarking-analysis, current and future state assessments, value and architectural modeling, process optimization and IT transformation    VELOCITY/SPEED TO MARKET    • Led multiple initiatives to consolidate and application systems from acquired organizations along with separate initiatives to move to Cloud offerings with the key goal of increasing global sales capabilities and business modernization & productivity.  • Drove business alignment and actionable strategy for a nine-hospital system resulting in 30% reduction in down time and better workflow.  • Increased IT responsiveness by 45% for a hospital system.  • Optimized support processes used in Support/Call Centers. (i.e. Billing and Claims issues, Software Support etc.)  • Strategically increased performance/availability of 9 hospitals with technology.  • Drove improvements in People/Process/Technology around DevOps, Agile, Kanban process and PMO frameworks in order to scope and budget software development work efforts and facilitate effective working relationships with key stakeholders. (On-Time and on Budget)  • Drove the reduction of hospital IT expenses by 5% while increasing revenue potential by 10%.  • Strategically increased speed to market application development by optimization of 25 resources through outsourcing and realignment.  • Built and managed global teams that performed SAP, ERP, and Middleware upgrades in NA, EMEA, and APAC.  • Led effort of bring a hospital system back online after a Ransomware Attack. Scanned and quarantined entire network while loading AV and EndPoint Protection. Rebuilt the entire infrastructure including 200 PCs, FWs, Switches, Routers, 4 EHRs, 50 other applications in two weeks.    KPI (Key Performance Indicators)    • Driving business alignment and actionable strategy to measure and predict service needs associated with Business Transformations, IT Automation, and Hybrid Cloud/Private computing.  • Audit and Statutory Compliance; planning/implementation/remediation/resolution (e.g. SAS70 II, HIPAA, AML, GCP)  • Created measurable improvements in software development lifecycle (SDLC) with three primary objectives: ensure that high quality systems are delivered, provide strong management controls over the projects, and maximize the productivity of the staff (In both on-premise and SaaS environments)  • Created measurable transformational improvements (20%) driving reliability and application performance in Data Warehouse use maximizing the productivity of key staff involved.    FINANCIAL    • Drove business alignment and strategy to realize $250K annual savings in network costs  • Drove business alignment and strategy to produce better patient outcomes and physician efficiency while producing a 2M annual savings in software cost and a 98% adoption rate.  • Managed implementation of application environment supporting Global clinical trials while having 99.999% up-time.  • Consolidated/Optimized multiple Data Centers and Call Centers realizing $6 mm savings in a 12-month period  • Drove strategic business partnerships to leverage a managed VOIP network along with publishing applications via Citrix to realize a cost savings of 10 MM over a 5-year period.  • Reduced overall IT expenditures with contract vendors by 22% by leveraging contract negotiations and vendor management.