IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Rand Eye Institute Lake Worth, FL To continue my career with an organization that will utilize my technical, management, and creative high energy work ethic to benefit mutual growth and success.  Areas of Expertise Includes:  ? Local and Wide Area Networking System ? Disaster Recovery ? Troubleshooting Analysis  Experience|Notable Contributions Work Experience IT Manager Rand Eye Institute - Pompano Beach, FL 2005 to Present • Integrated practice to Zeiss's digital data management - Forum, drastically improving overall clinical testing and workflow. Trained fifteen doctors and clinical assistants streamlining user efficiency improving the clinical flow.  • Installed and configured company's first IBM V7000 Unified Storage Area Network.  • Installed additional layers of security by configuring and maintaining Barracuda web and spam filters, increased network security and no security breaches for my tenure. Administrator of Trend Micro Enterprise AV.  • Implemented company's disaster recovery network solution. Installed Spectralogic T50e robotic tape library and Acronis imaging system for emergency offsite storage. Downtime and data loss kept to an absolute minimum during all major hurricanes. Corporate network was up and running 100% within three hours. Setup "cold site" in owner's home securing most vital data. No data has been lost during my employment.  • Moved companies Time Management and Exchange Server to VMware vSphere 6.5 improving connectivity, reliability and security.  Key Accomplishment:  Team member responsible for planning, training and implementing Companies EHR system that streamlined office workflow achieving on-time milestones and company awarded all government stimulus monies. Project Manager, Network Support Engineer BMC Solutions Inc - Fort Lauderdale, FL 1999 to 2005 • Completed several installations of Citrix Windows Terminal Server for small and large customers. Team member of the design and customized SNA over IP Solutions for company's largest account, Tire Kingdom. Assisted in implementation of company's largest SNA Migration project meeting goals set on project's scope of work. Awarded 500 hour block of time contract.  • Installed and configured WatchGuard Firewalls to both new and existing customers. Set up 128 bit IPSec VPN tunnels for enhanced network security. Implemented/configured mobile VPN for a hundred remote clients. Education B.A degree Brooklyn College Skills Network Administration, Vmware, exchange, Strategic Planning, Cisco