IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) IT Project Manager (Consultant) - Metro Systems, Inc McLean, VA Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) Metro Systems, Inc August 2017 to Present Client: Navy Federal Credit Union (NFCU)  Manage large technical corporate-wide projects for Lending and Data portfolios. Plan and execute project details - from inception through implementation. Facilitate effective collaboration between business, technical teams, vendors and all stakeholders to deliver comprehensive solutions addressing complex business needs and in accordance with NFCU polices.  Key Achievements:  * CACS / CAS Upgrade from v. 8.3 to 9.x.: Led 85+ SMEs, staff, and vendor team to complete an in-depth, six-month requirements gathering and system analysis project that produced a Collections leadership approved 200+ paged Business Requirements Document (BRD) to serve as the basis for implementation effort user stories.  * Privileged Access Management (PAM): Directed team in delivery of approved BRD, Charter, System Requirements Document (SRD), and architectural change presentations; conducted initial budget and resource planning to advance initial pilot and ultimately implement the CA PAM tool on Information Services Department's 3,000 servers.  * IDW - Collections Data Integration: Delivered integrated payment data within the Teradata platform to allow ease of access, improved reporting, enhanced tracking of collection strategies, and operational improvements. A multi-sponsored, multi-system effort with a matrixed team of 45+ produced a release that brought in analytic data for cash and check payments from ATM and Teller, internal transfers via TFS and delinquency, and charged-off information from CACS/CAS. Second and third releases delivered ACH transactions, Western Union Speedpay Checks, and Debit as integrated 11 payment types describing 80% of total Lending product dollars into user-friendly summary tables capturing transactional data across different channels and sources.  * Achieved and maintained green health status for duration of all projects. IT Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA November 2014 to August 2017 Clients: Internal Revenue Service (IRS), New Carrolton, MD; Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau (TTB), Washington, D.C.; and United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO), Alexandria, VA  Key Achievements:  * Served as Operations/Delivery Manager for the IRS Enterprise Architecture Group (EA). Led Business System and Design Specification Reports (BSR and DSR) development for ABLE Act Program and Certified Professional Employer Organization (CPEO) implementation. Both efforts awarded the IRS Commissioner Award in 2017.  * Steered transition to Agile methodologies at TTB; facilitated learning opportunities to socialize Agile transformation and process improvement with executives, program managers, and scrum teams. Served as Scrum Master, using JIRA to track progress, removing roadblocks, and hosting Agile ceremonies.  * Orchestrated move to Open Source tools and continuous integration at TTB using JIRA, Git Lab Enterprise Edition, Jenkins, and Confluence for improved cross-team collaboration and increased transparency to management.  * Managed tools implementation and vendor relationships, including planning sessions, researching and negotiating pricing and licensing, drafting procurement paperwork, preparing Request for Change (RFC), and presenting to Architecture Working Group (AWG).  * Provided full lifecycle management of medium-cost projects implementing enhancements to legacy and next generation systems for the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), Office of Application Engineering and Development (OAED), Corporate Services Department (CSD) at USPTO.  ? Prepared and maintained all project artifacts, including charters, plans, process agreements, and schedules. Followed USPTO SDLC-established system to review, control, and report on project status. Collaborated with budget advisor to create Project Resource Estimation Worksheets (PREWs).  ? Played key role in getting Migrate UCCMS project back on track; managed design, development, testing, and implementation phases and post-deployment tasks.  ? Delivered significant cost savings and eliminated need to hire vendors by spearheading cost/benefit research and analysis for non- IT study for Office of Policy and International Affairs (OPIA) Electronic System Management Tools Study. Identified best-fit solution for controlled correspondence, document management, records management, and workflow needs. Program Manager - IT Value Operation (ITVO) Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC - McLean, VA January 2013 to July 2014 Client: USPS Headquarters, Washington, DC  Directed day-to-day operation to maintain and support IT Value suite, a web based application, for USPS IT and CIO's cost data, analytics, budget management and metrics. Led eight-member team from a managerial and technical perspective; managed upgrades/migrations, monitoring/controlling, audits, security, compliance, change management, and reporting. Recruited/on-boarded staff, built effective team; developed/maintained schedules and budgets; and presented burn rates, project health status, issues and risks to senior management. Established processes/procedures, developed artifact repository, and defined templates. Oversaw delivery of software and status reports to product owners.  Key Achievements:  * Setup first OP/DEV shop - workbench/equipment, HW/SW, systems access, POC/SME, and Scrum Room.  * Transformed IM and KM for ITVO to achieve 100% of SLAs and led transition to ServiceNow.  * Played key role in company selection to oversee continuous improvement and modernization of suite.  * Implemented Agile/ScrumBan methodology utilizing Version One to support rapid development.  * Bolstered team morale through proactive mentoring and coaching, resulting in 100% staff retention.  * Facilitated collaborative, self-governing, transparency thus increasing productivity and accuracy by 35%.  * Increased ITVO turnaround efficiency by 20% to daily/weekly requests for extended research/inquiries. Team Lead Primescape Solutions, Inc - Herndon, VA June 2010 to January 2013 Client: OCC, Washington, DC  Collaborated with interdisciplinary technical and operational project team members as Functional Lead tasked with implementing best practice-based standards and management practices. Facilitated environment conducive to knowledge sharing with Task Order Manager, Vendor Team Managers, project teams, and OCC IT management for resource estimation, and project planning activities. Led matrixed resources, composed of sub-contractors and staff of five, across multiple work streams. Monitored project budgets and timetables; analyzed and reconciled variances with stakeholders.  Key Achievements:  * Provided subject matter expertise for enterprise-level CIO initiative (RQII).  * Served as Team Lead for requirements development, expenditure control, and enterprise release management for high-profile projects: OpenText/WISDM, OMBD Suite, ADCI Bank Liquidity, and Capital Call.  * Established and implemented peer review processes for deliverables, workflows, and business processes that directly produced qualitative and quantitative improvements to product quality, inter-team communications, and operational efficiency. Lead Analyst Advanced Technology systems (ATS) Corporation - McLean, VA January 2008 to June 2010 Client: PBGC-PAMT, Washington, DC  Managed all aspects of ACT Archive Task I, ACT Archive 5.1 and point releases for Participant Applications Maintenance Team (PAMT), including project planning, scope definition, resource management, and scheduling. Led team of five dedicated analysts, testers, and technical writer to produce functional needs assessments, requirements and design documentation, addendums, release notes, test plans and manuals. Served as PM designate and project POC. Communicated requirements, design specifications, goals, and timelines to internal and external stakeholders. Developed prototypes and conducted weekly executive status presentations. Managed UAT and served as POC for releases.  Key Achievements:  * Enabled 90%+ compliance results for Product and Process Quality Assurance (PPQA) audits through effective mentoring, training, and change management.  * Teamed with PM to spearhead planning and implementation of Agile best practices and Scrum framework as standard project management methodology at PAMT.  * Promoted from earlier role as Senior Business Systems Analyst supporting Datahub Suite and Standard Data Fix projects, where earned client recognition for professional team and technical leadership. Business Systems Analyst II Department of State (DoS) - Arlington, VA November 2004 to October 2007 Provided project support and analysis for development, enhancement and release of multi-agency USXPORTS software. Validated specifications, requirements, costs and ensured resource allocations aligned with project goals.  Key Achievements:  * Single-handedly produced project resource estimates and artifacts to ensure CMMI Level III compliance for 7.x release and implemented process changes to USXPORTS systems aligned with CMMI standards.  * Identified scope, performance goals, LOEs and project plans enabling success of 5 releases.  ~ Prior experience as IT Specialist with Apptis and Consultant with Zabz, Inc. ~  Technical Proficiencies  Platforms: UNIX, Linux, Windows  Tools:  JIRA, GITLab, Jenkins, IBM Rational Suite, JAZZ, MS SharePoint, OpenText (DM, RM, BI), MS Office, PVCS, Quality Center, BMC Remedy, ServiceNow, Version One, MS Project    RDBMS: MS SQL Server, Oracle, Sybase  Languages: Visual Basic, SQL, XML, ASP.NET, C#, HTML, PERL, JavaScript Education Master of Science in Computer Systems Management University of Maryland - College Park, MD Bachelor of Arts Amherst College - Amherst, MA Certificate in Project Management Georgetown University - Washington, DC Skills Jenkins, Ms project, Pvcs, Rational, Re-engineering, Software design, Jira, Ms sharepoint, Sharepoint, Configuration management, Bmc, Opentext, Ms sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Sybase, Knowledge management, Linux, Unix, Itil, Waterfall, Scrum Master, PMP, Software Development, SDLC, PM, Information Technology Additional Information Core Competencies:  * Full Lifecycle Project Management  * Business Process Re-Engineering  * Team Building & Mentoring  * Performance & Resource Management  * Stakeholder & Vendor Relations    * Software Design & Enhancement  * Enterprise Implementation Planning  * IT Quality Management  * Change & Configuration Management  * Incident & Knowledge Management