Operations Analyst Operations Analyst Royersford, PA Experienced professional with 18 years supporting and delivering solutions across global operations. Able to utilize various approaches for successful implementations as well as lead complex testing and release activities. Develop project assets, pilot new protocols, and capture best practices that meet stakeholder requirements. Build cross-functional, multi-national teams into cohesive, high-performing units that provide exceptional value and business integrity. Recognized as a motivated, diligent professional who consistently executes and maintains focus on top-level customer service. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Operations Analyst HighPoint Solutions/IQVIA - East Norriton, PA November 2018 to Present Interface with Solution Leads and Account Executives for successful Proposal and Contract Management execution for both North America and European opportunities. Provide managerial support to Vice President, facilitating Concur expenses, travel logistics, Team events as well as managing Executive Team goals objectives.  • Lead in Proposal management. Ensuring content and formatting are accurate while meeting the timeline for submittal.  • Create contracts as requested by Practice Leads/Solution Leads, maintaining compliance with Company/Client contract templates requirements. Manage Legal and additional Review requirements for contract execution while maintaining document organization and version control. Secure appropriate sign off and signatures.  • Work in collaboration with Leads and additional departments to obtain purchase orders from clients. Sr. IT Project Coordinator - Contractor HireGenics September 2017 to August 2018 Point of contact for European and Asia/PAC Oracle R12 E-Business Suite post go-live support. Facilitated daily calls between Country Contacts, 2nd level Service Desk Agents and Oracle R12 Architect for incident identification, ServiceNow incident tracking and training opportunities.    • Organize and account for multiple individuals across various time zones.  • Collaborate with Architect on 2nd level Service Desk Agent on incident assignment, prioritization and communication.  • Primary point of contact for end of month billing triage, prioritization and escalation.  • Provide on demand reporting and analysis on Country reported incidents.  • Deliver weekly reporting for Product Manager, Senior Leadership and Stakeholders on successes and challenges. Transition Knowledge Project Manager Unisys - Blue Bell, PA January 2016 to July 2017 Developed, managed, and executed Knowledge Management for the successful transition of customers on to new Service Desk Web Application. Collaborated on materials used in training for both 1st and 2nd level Service Desk Agents and Client Side 2nd and 3rd level resolver groups. Provided input for UAT testing and Training materials.  • Creation and Maintenance of a Transition Knowledge Project Plan.  • Identify and report Knowledge gaps to senior project management.  • Communicate risks and remediate Knowledge issues with overall project team on upcoming dependent task deliverables.  • Lead both on and off site meetings with client subject matter experts for the purpose of information collection for knowledge article content.  • Create go-forward Knowledge plan for steady state Knowledge Manager. Project Manager, Customer Facing Technology Iron Mountain - Collegeville, PA November 2014 to July 2015 Provided end-to-end UAT ownership and comprehensive management for software releases and major data cleanup projects.  • Collected testing scenarios, scope, testing timelines, resource availability, and acceptance criteria to ensure successful preparation and execution of UAT cycles.  • Led daily UAT triage calls with IT, business, and end user audience, ensuring issues were clearly communicated and promptly resolved.  • Built project team to resolve data integrity issues, significantly reducing inconsistencies that would negatively impact future releases of new architecture. Project Coordinator IT PMO October 2011 to October 2014 Collaborated with business, IT, management, stakeholders and project development teams on high-profile technology projects and products. Coordinated communication with global participants and vendors. Drove execution of project critical-path tasks and production deployments.  • Coordinated with 15-member team to successfully deliver a multi-million dollar scientific pricing solution project to advance strategic pricing and enhance the quarterly increase process.  • Collaborated with team of five on tax compliance software solution critical to Real Estate Investment Trust program, achieving completion on schedule and within budget.  • Managed creation of a Computer Forensics Lab that integrated a new application into the North America gold standard PC Image. Lead a team of five to execute the project within aggressive time constraints and budget.  • Deployed Federal Information Processing Standard compliant load balancer, ensuring delivery of corresponding application software upgrade designed to meet customer encryption requirements.  • Implemented report scheduling functionality for customer-facing portal on time and on budget. Supervisor, IT Transportation Service Delivery Latin America and Europe June 2008 to October 2011 Delivered 2nd-level technical support on specialized chain-of-custody software, four web interfaces, 5000 field devices, and dynamic routing software and payroll applications for two lines of business. Supervised four full time employees who provided day-to-day application support, systemic problem resolution and 24/7 support.  • Led deployment and communication of bi-annual software and functionality upgrades for both chains of custody software (North America, Latin America and Europe) as well as payroll applications.  • Fostered relationships with three outside vendors, enforcing agreed-upon issue resolution SLAs that minimized downtime. Supervisor IT Client Technology Services March 2007 to June 2008 Facilitated 2nd-level technical support for three unique customer on-boarding processes and their related projects. Directed the activity of five full-time employees and five temporary employees, providing training, yearly reviews, conflict management and career development. Client Technology Service IT Specialist July 2001 to February 2007 Managed programs supporting on-boarding, organization and distribution of internal new-hires. Monitored customer- and employee-facing support mailboxes. Trained new and temporary staff members.    Coursework  • ITIL Foundation Certification  • Project Management: Skills for Success  • Project Management: PMO Workshop (monthly and yearly)  • Supervisor: Review and Goal Writing  • Supervisor: Career Planning Skills Sharepoint, Jira Additional Information Technical Skills    MS Suite, SharePoint, WebEx, Service Now, Confluence, JIRA, Salesforce, Skype for Business,