Senior Sales Manager Senior Sales <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr Project Manager Lawrenceville, GA Energetic, fun, driven, and accomplished Project Manager with a track record of success in managing complex IT modernization and system integration projects. Sophisticated software and some technical skills with genuine enthusiasm for resolving business challenges through technical innovation. Solutions driver who bridges the gap between business and technology while envisioning the bigger picture. Devises strategies to align multiple disciplines, coordinating efforts between business groups and driving complex systems integration for robust, high-quality systems that solve business problems and provide business results Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Sales Manager Mondelez International - Lawrenceville, GA March 2019 to August 2019 • Helped lead Southeast Region to number #1 in sales for the first time ever in Atlanta market  • Led Team 13 to #1 in Atlanta market in DMI Easyshift execution  • Increased Nabisco max sales execution in 1.5 million dollar weekly Kroger sales via district 13  • Inventory management, merchandiser scheduling and execution directives increasing efficiency Network Operations Integration Manager Trextel LLC - Duluth, GA January 2018 to September 2018 CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS - The Home Depot, Tailored Brands, Regus    Led and implemented complex projects and Global teams—mitigated risks, managed requirements, budgets and worked with project stakeholders while managing expectations at the department and project levels.    Trusted leader known and respected for leading successful change in projects and building credibility with executive teams and staff.    Top-performing leader with record of implementing successful call center operations, network operations and IT services initiatives that increased efficiencies, reduced expenses, and increased customer and associate satisfaction.    Directed and managed support & NetOps centers as well as company regional office from Belize, India to the  Philippines; devised startup planning and managed operations within given resources, time, and budget. Sr IT Project Manager Trextel LLC - Duluth, GA November 2009 to September 2018 CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS - Fresenius Medical Care, Louis Vuitton, Lululemon Athletica, Kraft Foods    Managed global teams including up to 10 direct and indirect reports; developed staffing plans, managed workloads, defined deliverables, hired resources, conducted performance reviews, and ensured compliance with company policies.    Captured 60% to 80% in cost savings through a virtualization project that substantially increased company profit goals while supporting multiple departments within Northern & Pacific region.    Spearheaded migration projects—reduced server & cellular usage; improved performance and reduced maintenance efforts of engineering staff.    Championed a new, virtual support team for level II support—provided Regional support and substantial cost-savings. Store Manager Blockbuster - Tucker, GA January 2002 to January 2007 Manage Store Operations  Hire and manage support staff  Matain Sales and deliverables  Billing and accounting  Bank Deposits  Opening and closing store operations  Controlling and managing schedules  Managing Stakeholders  Managing operation systems and POS  Managing Inventory at high level  Marketing and promotion management  Specializing in customer service Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Gwinnett Technical College - Lawrenceville, GA August 2019 to Present PMP in Project Management Kennesaw State September 2016 to January 2017 PMP Project Management Institute Skills Developing Budgets (10+ years), Coaching (10+ years), Supervision (10+ years), Staffing (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Planning (10+ years), Performance Management (10+ years), Attention to Detail (10+ years), Analysis (10+ years), Outlook (10+ years), Word (10+ years), budget (10+ years), Scheduling (10+ years), Estimating (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Sales Additional Information Office: Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word and Microsoft Power Point.    Graphic Design Tool: Adobe photoshop    Operating systems: Windows, MAC    Skills: 10+yrs of high level project managing. I have experience in budgeting and scheduling for various project markets including (Medical, Retail, Residential & Food Industry).    I excel in problem solving and business strategies to increase customer satisfaction and cost control.    I have an excellent record in customer service with a successful track record in driving sales, customer satisfaction and on-boarding new business opportunities.    Additional expertise include:    • Client Training and Management  • Product Management and marketing