Executive Director PMO/Service Delivery Executive Director PMO/Service Delivery Executive Director PMO/Service Delivery - Mithril Cloud, LLC Flemington, NJ Work Experience Executive Director PMO/Service Delivery Mithril Cloud, LLC September 2017 to Present • Holding all Operational responsibilities of an acting COO. Lead for all Operations and PMO. Part of Executive and Finance Teams.    • As lead for Operations Team, continually identifying and driving process improvements across Client Services Delivery. Updated the existing incident ticketing process to be more effective and efficient. Introduced Runbooks for use by Service Delivery Team, including ITIL based concepts for escalation during troubleshooting.    • PMO and Project Manager for both internal and client projects. Office365 Company wide Migrations, Network Gear Refreshes, New Office Buildouts, including cabling, Data Closet set ups, User Stations, Phones. Also, implementing the optimization of a medical client's EHR system. This included full process documentation within a Runbook so that all onboarding of new staff is made easier.    • Executive and Finance Teams member. Contributing to Strategic Plans and driving their successful implementations. Created Financial tools for tracking of actuals and allowing for rolling forecasting through end of year. Senior IT Project Manager Strategic Products & Services, LLC March 2015 to January 2017 • Project managed the merger/integration of 2 separate companies into SPS. Included discovery of all aspects of the existing companies, planning, coordination, and execution with appropriate teams and their respective applications ( IT, Finance, HR, Security, etc.) for efficient and timely integration. Including mapping of new companies' Corporate Systems for gap analysis.    • Responsible for relocating 2 Data Centers. Planning the end to end infrastructure (network, security, storage, power). Scheduling turn up of required services from carriers. Creating elevation designs and ensuring all peripherals are made in place. Risk planning to minimize impact to the Business. Cataloging all applications and mapping data and network flows for appropriate planning. Creating test plans and ensuring all participants across the Business are represented.    • Planned and managed the relocation of several office sites. One large office relocation involved the build out of the space to encompass a warehouse and offices. This included the detailed work with architects and Real Estate PM to meet the requirements for both the tenant and the necessary permits for the town. Assessed the needs of the tenants to create a detailed plan for building out their space and coordinating their move into the office to be seamless. Included ensuring all devices had appropriate network connectivity and their required devices were fully functional on Day 1.    • Delivered several network upgrade projects. Coordinating with carriers and the Business to turn up new network connectivity. Working through the introduction of new firewall devices across the enterprise, including gathering requirements for policies to be set. Rolling out new WiFi devices to all the branch locations, including user friendly instructional documents for connectivity. Director, Project Manager New York Stock Exchange/SIAC April 2002 to October 2014 • Managed the transition from Legacy HR/Finance systems to PeopleSoft. This involved planning/implementation/testing/roll-out. Responsible for Requirements gathering and analysis with the Business Users. Working with developers to set up and configure the Core-HR, Base Benefits and Payroll modules. Assisted in creating Functional Designs and Technical Designs to resolve business problems. Coordinated and performed Functional Testing, System Testing and Integration Testing. Created and scheduled training for End Users.    • Project Manager, NYSE Trading Systems Development. Responsible for tracking $45M annual budget, consisting of 300 development and analyst staff. Implemented quality metrics for all applications, including defect analysis productivity on time delivery and project costing estimations. Consolidated various ARCA and NYSE trading systems to enable seamless access to both markets for customers via a Common Customer Gateway, dramatically he projects also needed to pass SEC Regulatory Compliance.    • Managed several mergers and integrations of companies. Coordinated specifically the integrations/migrations of International companies Euronext (London/Paris) and Wombat (Dublin). Responsible for, leveling of staff within existing organizations, integration of financial, HR, & communication systems.    • Project Manager responsible for consolidation of four data centers, budgeted at $400M and resulting in savings of $23M per year. High-visibility project relocating all Trading, Non-Trading and Commercial servers and applications to new state of the art Data Centers for both production and disaster recovery sites. This included all environments (QA, DEV & Production) involving over 2000 servers. Extensive stakeholder and business owner management, directing all technical and support staff to ensure efficient execution and timely completion    • Developed new coordinated processes in an effort to better restructure and simplify project completion time. An example of this is my development of a streamlined server build process that coordinates efforts of cross functional support groups (Data Center Operations, Security, Firewall, Storage, Web Operations, etc.) for expedited delivery of physical and virtual servers for Linux and Windows, internally and for Commercial business.    • Primary financial and budgetary support for NYSE's Floor Trading Software Development, NYSE Group's (NYSE, ARCA, and PCX), Trading Floor/Contingency Trading Floor, Corporate Telecom, and Voice Networks totaling annual budget of $55M.    • Project Manager for the New Architecture Initiatives projects. Implementing the Information Bus, cutting latency in the Trading Systems.    • Implemented a new rating/ranking process for evaluating/improving staff skills    • Created a detailed mapping document of the SIAC Acquisitions Leasing process. This a key document used in the merging of SIAC/NYSE/ARCA Acquisitions area. It was also the official document shared with Auditors involved in the merger.    • Implemented a documentation management systems within the SIAC Office of the General Counsel. Allowing the office to function more effectively by automating workflow based on type of contract/document.    • Created a complete mapping and documentation of the SIAC 2002 Business Plan process. It allowed the evaluation of existing processes for process improvement. Several areas were identified for either complete removal of those steps or improvement in how work was done. This resulted in a smoother, more efficient process for future year. Project Manager AT&T 1988 to 2001 • Integrated Customer View/Integrated Customer Record ($16M Budget) - Match and merge of duplicate customer data into one customer account. This included working with the newly merged Wireless Business Unit in order to present one seamless AT&T to the customer.    • Activity Based Costing/Management Project. Identified total IT costs across Consumer/Business CIO organization. Standardized definitions for tracking costs associated with "investing in the Business" versus "running the Business". Identified process for consolidating Project/System costs by Director into a mechanized roll up to total Consumer/Business CIO organization, yearly budget ~$2B    • Billing Operations - Responsible for charging back entire Billing Operations expenses ($235M/yr) to the various Business Units across AT&T. Streamlined process from a cumbersome prior month, 2 week work effort for identifying and booking the charges to an efficient and accurate same month, 1 day work effort. Education Masters Certification in Project Management George Washington University November 1998 Skills Project Management, Program Management Certifications/Licenses Masters Certification Project Management November 1998 to Present ITIL Foundation Certification October 2008 to Present