Associate Director, Information Systems Associate Director, Information Systems Associate Director, Information Systems - Alameda County Community Food Bank Fremont, CA Working with C level and Directors responsible for creating a technology vision and provide  overall leadership for the development of integrated, department-wide business technology  solutions.    Lead IT strategic and operational planning to achieve business goals by fostering innovation,  prioritizing IT initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, recommendation, deployment and  management of current and future IT systems across the organization.    Experience of leading the IT Department, developing the IT annual operating and capital budgets  and align with the Organization budget.    Program Management experience of 10+ years and total IT experience of 20+ years in multiple  sectors - Public/NPO (Alameda County Community Food Bank, San Mateo County), Servicing &  Consulting (Infosys), Banking and Financials (Wells Fargo), Manufacturing (Toyota), Product  (Apple, Oracle), Mining (Vale), VOIP & Networking (Polycom) and Image & Printing (Hewlett  Packard).    Possess technical expertise in Digital and ERP solutions on cloud and on premise. Work Experience Associate Director, Information Systems Alameda County Community Food Bank - Oakland, CA August 2018 to Present Presently working as Associate Director, Information Systems for Alameda County  Community Food Bank (ACCFB) reporting to CFO.  • Working with C level and other departments Directors responsible for creating a technology vision, leading IS (Information Systems) department and provide overall  leadership for the development of integrated, department-wide business technology  solutions.  • Responsible for IT strategic and operational planning to achieve business goals by fostering  innovation, prioritizing IT initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, recommendation, deployment and management of current and future IT systems across the organization.  • Oversee and guide decisions related to technology standards, infrastructure, policies, training, and communications including IT security and disaster recovery.  • Develop the IT annual operating and capital budgets to align with the overall Food Bank  budget.  • Serve on the Leadership Team and Directors Team to collaboratively prioritize food bank  resources and budget based on strategic plans.  • Manage a high level customer service oriented and collaborative department. Serve as an advocate for the technology team to other departments within the Food Bank.  • Strategically engage IT contractors, vendors, volunteers, and other IT professionals in the community to support the Food Bank in staying up-to-date on technological trends and best  practices.  • Represent Food Bank to other Feeding America food banks and the general public.  • Responsible for managing all information systems and in-house/on-cloud infrastructure  owned by ACCFB - CalFresh, Call Logs, CRM (BlackBaud, Salesforce), ACCFB.org (website), Volunteer Management Systems, MS NAV Dynamics Ceres Supply Chain Management and  Financial System, iOS Donation Kiosks, Servers (in-house and hosted on Azure), Desktops, Laptops, Network and Phone Lines. IT Analyst County of San Mateo - San Mateo, CA July 2018 to August 2018 Worked as IT Analyst in County of San Mateo. Program Manager Apple - Cupertino, CA May 2018 to June 2018 As client of TCS, US in capacity of TCS PM position)    • Worked as Program Manager at Apple for an in-house technology upgrade project. Program Manager Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to April 2018 As client of Infosys, US in capacity of Infosys Principal Consultant position)    • Worked as Infosys Program Manager for client Wells Fargo, San Francisco in the capacity of managing their Digital Channels Technology (DCT) - Customer Contact Management  platform inclusive of Development, PMO Team QA and Infrastructure teams.  • Provide overall program management and support for concurrent projects across multiple  line of business  • Responsible for multiple automations and new track programs being executed in parallel  with always ensuring on-time and quality delivery.  • Work involves building credibility, establish rapport, and maintain communication with stakeholders at multiple levels. Discuss business process implementation/design to help  meet business growth plans and be legal compliance on regulatory policies.  • Build and managing team size of 12 onsite and 40 offshore team members.  • CCM has multiple integration points to 20+ systems and as platform ownership responsible  for coordinating enhancements on existing integration and creating new integration points  inclusive of new systems. Thus communication/coordination across multiple Product  Managers/Program Managers/ SMEs for developing an end-2-end system process or automation. Program Manager Royal Bank of Scotland - Gurgaon, Haryana February 2015 to December 2015 As client of Infosys, India in capacity of Infosys Senior Project Manager position)  • Responsible for delivery & project staffing needs of RBS in area of OraclePeopleSoft HCM  and Oracle Financials EBS.  • Work includes closely collaborating with multiple stake holders in RBS on their program  pipeline, delivery and staffing plan and helping staff appropriate people from Infosys.  • Team Size - 100+Oracle Functional/Technical resources (onsite/offshore). Program Manager Toyota - Los Angeles, CA May 2014 to January 2015 As client of Infosys, US in capacity of Infosys Senior Project Manager position)    • Responsible and accountable for execution of Toyota Azteca program in area of OraclePeopleSoft Financials.  • The role involved extension of Toyota financial system to support AZ program (budget  commitment of $100M) and additional role of program management support for the program consisting of multiple teams across logistics, transportation, financials and warranty.  • Worked involved working very closely with PMO team and stakeholders.  • Complete SDLC follow-up including of sizing and prioritization of projects/enhancement  requests, budget forecasting, roadmap updates, BRD/FSD (requirements and functional  specs) creation/approval, peer unit testing, code reviews, coordinate with QA/LOB on UAT  planning/execution/approval, deployment planning/execution and production support.  • Managed team size of 5 onsite + 20 offshore and instrumental in addition of a new QA team  (3 onsite + 12 offshore) to manage across group end-2-end testing for Azteca program. Program Manager Apple - Cupertino, CA July 2012 to May 2014 As client of Infosys, India in capacity of Infosys Senior Project Manager position)    • Responsible and accountable for execution of Apple program in area of Apple Care based on OraclePeopleSoft CRM.  • Started the engagement by traveling onsite to Apple Cupertino office and establishing a team of 3 onsite + 5 offshore to do KT (knowledge transfer) from existing vendor team,  showcase credibility in terms of understanding Apple business rules, technical  implementation and creating relationships with stakeholders.  • Build and manage team size post 3 months per plan based on delivery excellence of 40 FTE.  • Multiple projects executed for Apple Care program all within time and quality. Program Manager Vale Inc - Bengaluru, Karnataka July 2010 to June 2012 As client of Infosys, India in capacity of Infosys Senior Project Manager position)    • Responsible and accountable for the coordinated management of multiple Vale locations  Canada, Australia, Oman using Oracle PeopleSoft HCM.  • Managed 50+ team members.  • Managed multiple onsite teams (Canada, Australia, Oman) and offshore teams based out of multiple locations in India (Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad, Chandigarh) with an excellent  delivery track record in terms of client appreciations for on-time delivery and quality. Project Consultant January 2009 to June 2010 Responsible for providing consultancy and training to Oracle clients on PeopleSoft ERP  implementations & integrations.  • Clientele consultancy provided included Verizon Wireless, Standard Charted Bank, HPCL etc. Project Manager December 2007 to December 2008 • Served as project manager to implement client sales and marketing solutions.  • Planning B2B Commerce implementation and enhancements with the clients.  • Managed 10 technical resources.  • Clientele included Red Hat, Lenovo, Symantec Project Manager Polycom Inc April 2004 to December 2007 Project-managed large-scale initiative involving the transition of customer support system  from PeopleSoft CRM to Siebel CRM.  • Project Management of their complete ERP system - HR, SCM, CRM and Financials.  • Managed 20+ resources.  • IT Technology area included Siebel CRM, PeopleSoft Financials, PeopleSoft Supply Chain  Management and Business Object Warehouse Reporting. Project Manager/ Project Lead InfoGain Inc.& InfoGain India February 1998 to April 2004 • Responsible for providing project management to multiple clients of InfoGain.  • Managed first large scale implementation of Customer Support System for Hewlett Packard.  • Followed Project management best practice in terms of resource and schedule management, risk/issue management and cost management.  • Provided technical leadership to the team members.  • IT Technology area included Vantive CRM & PeopleSoft CRM. Project Developer, CMC June 1996 to February 1998 Responsible for preparing TDDs (Technical Design Document) as per shared BRDs (Business  Requirement Document)  • Development and Unit Testing of the system as per the TDDs Education MS (Computer Science) in ICSEI Devi Ahilya University - Indore, Madhya Pradesh 1996 BS in Computer Science Delhi University - Delhi, Delhi 1994