Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manage Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> Manage Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manage - IBM Global Service Delivery (Telecommunication) Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN A highly-skilled and motivated professional with ten years of experience, managing various projects/programs efficiently in IT service delivery industry. An excellent communicator, a problem solver with demonstrated ability to collaborate, mentor and promote a positive work environment with a good team spirit. Utilizing core skills in negotiating, leadership, innovation, analytical thinking and operational performance to ensure projects/programs deliverables are deliver to customers with quality and achieved 15% cost savings. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manage IBM Global Service Delivery (Telecommunication) - Rochester, MN April 2014 to Present • Utilizing negotiating, leadership and analytical thinking to compress projects delivery date by 3 months, deliver product to customer with quality and achieve 15% of project cost savings and increase system response time by 5 seconds.  • Lead a team of specialist to design, build, test and Implement IT infrastructures and IT services in development, test and production environment, by directing, facilitating work efforts and formulating timely solutions to technical problems  • Develop and update detailed project plans by conducting daily standup meeting with project team to continuously optimize  product quality for product under development, coordinate issues that arise and provide long lasting solutions while mitigating scope creep.  • Managing activities relating to continues improvements in infrastructure, operations, and leading project teams from initiation  through close as assigned and within the parameters of cost, quality, schedule, and objectives for project teams.  • Collaborate cross functionally with different groups geographically and supplier resources to ensure tasks and activities are  properly planned, managed and executed, achieving 10% cost savings.  • Consult with management and review project proposals to determine goals, time frame, funding limitations procedures for accomplishing project, staffing requirements and allotment of resources.  • Work closely with end users, business technology staff, and other stakeholders to understand and prioritize business goals  and information needs related to the project, resulted in a reduction in defect rework time by 25% two consecutive quarters.  • Establish and execute project communication plan to communicate clear project objectives, tasks and milestones to stakeholders to achieve team empowerment and accountability.  • Responsible for any team failures or limitations that may arise and provide necessary solutions to overcome situations as needed. IT Project Manager IBM Global Service Delivery - Dubuque, IA September 2009 to April 2014 • Facilitated joint planning with the customer in the early stages of project formation, identifying project requirements and translating requirements into project objectives, achieving correct deliverables to customers with service delivery framework.  • Coordinated team of experts to design, build, test and Implement IT infrastructure in development, test and production  environment by directing, facilitating work efforts and find timely solutions to technical problems, achieving reduction in scope creep.  • Developed and updated detailed project plans for projects including information such as project objectives technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding and staffing.  • Led and managed huge migration projects from old storage systems to new storage systems, achieving 5 seconds response  time from transaction processes.  • Managed global cross functional groups in continuous improvement processes and metric initiatives within project  management organization, achieving continuous process optimization.  • Prepared project status reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends resulting in adjustment of project plans and/or resources to meet client needs, achieving delivery due dates.  • Established and execute a project communication plan to communicate project milestones with stakeholders and conduct  regular status meetings, achieving team members to feel ownership of projects. Quality Engineer Hutchinson Technology Inc - Hutchinson, MN May 2005 to January 2009 Performed defect prevention process and continuous improvement to optimize processes, improve product quality delivered  to customers by reducing the number of defects and improve productivity.  • Analyzed and interprets data to provide in-depth analysis in identifying systems, processes, and performance exposures  and provide alternative solutions/recommendations to management.  • Designed and create quality program to catch defects using AutoCAD and smart vision systems, achieved a decrease  defect reduction.    Skills/Leadership/ Activities  • Volunteer: Salvation Army and United Way.  • Applications /Tools: MS Project, SDLC & Agile methodology, SCRUM Master, RPM, Clarity, Visio, MS Office suit, SAP, AutoCAD, Cloud Computing, IoT, Virtualization, Database, MS SQL, Network Protocol, Lotus Notes, Outlook,  SharePoint, BPM, CMMI, Six Sigma Methodology, WebEx, SPSS, Minitab. Education MSc. in Software Engineering University of St. Thomas - Saint Paul, MN Skills Itil