Self-employed Self-employed Self-employed - Self-employed DeSoto, TX Work Experience Self-employed Self-employed - DeSoto, TX 2017 to Present Project Coordinator Nokia - Irving, TX March 2019 to April 2019 Contract position - hired and trained to be Lead Project Coordinator  on the AT&T 5G Project. However, there was a business decision at the last moment, to move the main hub of the project to Finland. Also, while  there I worked on the SPRINT 5G Airscale Project.    While there I learned/trained on the following:    CUP- Cisco Unified Presence (Computer Networking) - Communications  Manager applications, and third-party applications to increase user  productivity.  SHAREPOINT - A hub to input data fortransparency of the life of the project.  NOLS - Networks Online Services - Provides easy and secure access to the solution and product documentation, downloadable software,  project management tools.  MIMO -Multiple-Input Multiple-Output - Wireless technology that uses  multiple transmitters and receivers to transfer more data at the same time.  IPM/IPMO - Information Systems Security Program Management Office.  Project Management information tool. IT Project Manager Nokia - Irving, TX 2005 to 2012 • Provided production and project support for desktops, networks, telecommunications, and applications. Supported vastly different infrastructure and application environments.  • Responsible for IT infrastructure of new Nokia offices, including planning for WAN/LAN Infrastructure, design of redundant entrances for fiber, and diverse Nokia office delivery to the Nokia offices to ensure full data and voice implementation.  • Managed multiple projects with budgets from 250K to 22 million dollars simultaneously.  • Coordinate with stakeholders/business owners to ensure that their business infrastructure and/technology requirements were met on or under budget and within scope and time frame.  • Well knowledgeable in PMO duties in analyzes business needs and works with stakeholders to propose and deliver cost effective solutions. Manages the development, implementation, and maintenance of project management policies, standards, procedures in compliance with state, federal regulations and standards. Assigns project managers and/or other resources to projects as needed in the timeline or milestone of the project(s).  • Directed and coordinated technology projects, managing all aspects of the IT Infrastructure delivery to new or expanding offices within the Nokia, Inc. offices arena.  • Decommissioning of Nokia offices including disconnection management of WAN/LAN, VoIP equipment, Cell phone tower removal, as well as relocating of the 1K employees at the sites. Each decommission was on time and under or close to budgets, without any slips in the project plans. All within scope time and budget.  • Experiences in working with all levels of business, technology staff and management, were key to my ability in assembling and working with the finest of teams, which made me a better team player. My interpersonal skills inspired confidence in my leadership abilities. I provided strong leadership ethics and worked well as an individual performer to maximize my benefit to the corporation. Used significant talent as a Project Manager in initiating, planning, organizing, executing, monitoring, and controlling of projects regardless of cost, schedule, risk, or scope. I brought value every time and measurable ROI to any effort in which I was involved.  • Experienced in gathering sufficient Business Requirement Documentation from stakeholders and other key stakeholders of the given project, typically by asking each, for their requirements from/for the new product or service.  • Proficient in MS Project documentation and use. The application assist me, as a Project Manager, in the development of plans, to assign resources to tasks, to track progress, to manage budgets and to analyze workloads.I also used Microsoft Project to represent organizational resource capacity by introducing an enterprise resource pool. The centralized resource pool was used to store resource documentation. Administrative Assistant Nokia - Irving, TX 2000 to 2005 • Performed general accounting duties for two managers, including invoicing, budget monitoring with a combined budget of 2.5 Million dollars.  • Responsible for space planning for the departments, coordination of equipment and office space for hundreds of employees.  • Assisted with arrangement of job fairs, seminars and meetings.  • Scheduled meetings and appointments for director and managers using Microsoft office applications.  • Coordinated cost effective travel for department employees. Completed expense reports for managers as requested.  • Prepared and maintained various stat reports.  • Prepared and disseminated correspondence to all appropriate parties both internal and external and assured confidentiality when required.  • Prepared and maintained job posting for several major career websites.  • Assisted with duties of manager and employees on various projects as needed.    Additional work history available upon request Education Master in Project Management George Washington University - Washington, DC 2007 Certification in Project Management George Washington University - Washington, DC 2005