Enterprise Major Incident Manager Enterprise Major Incident <span class="hl">Manager</span> Enterprise Major Incident Manager Fredericksburg, VA Work Experience Enterprise Major Incident Manager Capital One - Richmond, VA January 2016 to July 2019 Enterprise Major Incident Manager directed all technical resources in system recovery efforts for IT infrastructure, application processing, server operations and other systems. The Major  Incident Manager authored enterprise wide communications which provided business updates as well as technical updates to senior leadership and third party businesses such as Amazon, Bass  Pro and many others.    Received numerous comments from peers on quality of customers service ability which was  received by management.  Received recommendations from all four Technical Operations Shift managers for promotion to Availability Manager.  Identified as a Superior performer by peers and managers alike for technical competency when directing recovery efforts for incidents. IT Infrastructure/Special Projects Senior Release CMI - Richmond, VA January 2012 to January 2016 Managed IT infrastructure and special project releases for Capital One utilizing Waterfall/Agile  methodology. Daily functions include the creation of release records in HPSM, association of change orders, event risk assessments, collision detection/ resolution, release scheduling and  reporting to senior management team.    Conduct weekly meeting with IT Infrastructure Vice President and staff to review release  schedules, challenges and go forward actions for in-flight infrastructure projects. This  activity ensures management's strategic understanding of enterprise activities  Perform collision detection and broker meetings between the varying lines of business and project teams to resolve collisions to the satisfaction of vested parties. Enterprise collision  detection is a primary focus of the Release Management Department. Result has been a perfect 100% collision free record.  Conduct individual release audits to ensure project team and quality assurance team  adhere to enterprise standards by ensuring the completion of scope documentation, minute by minute plan and toolkits. This review activity results in an extremely smooth coordination  of the Go No Go meeting by application and lines of business owners as well as the project  team.  Technical understanding of infrastructure devices and build processes has been an immeasurable aide by allowing project teams to move swiftly through event discussions in  order to perform accurate risk and impacts assessments both direct and indirect. IT Infrastructure Project Manager CXI-STEFANINI - Richmond, VA January 2011 to January 2012 IT Infrastructure Project Manager Managed multiple IT Infrastructure projects for 8th largest bank  in U.S (Capital One). Manage all project activities which include budget, scope, schedule, reporting, risk assessment, issue resolution, project/program escalations, communications,  resource allocation and much more. Utilize Waterfall methodology for the infrastructure delivery  and Clarity tool for milestone tracking, budget forecasting, project planning, change control as well as HPSM for compute/network change order management, procurement quotes.    Received numerous laudatory comments from IT Director Diane Dawson, Program  Management team and others for my outstanding leadership, budgetary control, resource  management and schedule delivery of the Next Gen Teller/BIC project. This project is the largest most complex Tier 1 IT Infrastructure in-flight project at Capital One. With a 12.6M  budget supporting 3 vertical projects and having several work streams requires an immense  focus to balance all the moving work activities. The scope of this project sets the stage for Capital One's Next Generation Banking solution and has direct impact to our customer  base. The solution involves the nation-wide deployment of the Argo teller solution and image capture system for all financial transactions for Bank. In addition, it also provides all  middleware infrastructure as well as host environments for VisionIP/xVision which processes the financial data transfers to vendors and the Federal Reserve.  Saved 4.2M on a planned spend for a nation-wide end user workstation refresh as a direct  result of my in-depth technical knowledge. While managing the C&CIP/SRM  Network/Desktop analysis project the desktop support group acknowledged a lack of available technical resources to compile workstation inventory data and determine  workstation build configurations against software vendor minimum system  recommendations. I filled the resource gap personally and conducted the analysis and provided recommendations. Based on my testing proof of concept I was able to provide  concrete evidence that a refresh was "Not" needed as called for by the vendor.  Saved 2M as a result of my budgetary review by catching a number of procurement errors for equipment not required in support of the Next Gen Teller/BIC and C&CIP/SRM projects.  Identifying the error I was able to secure a refund of 1M to the project in equipment cost. An  additional, 1M was secured by enforcing/securing an agreement with other Lines of business for a cost share of expenditures as they received a direct benefit to their  operations by my project work.    Nationwide IT Service Delivery / Major Incident / Program Manager UNISYS - Washington, DC January 2005 to December 2010 Washington, DC  Performed multiple job assignments during my tenure such as Nationwide IT Service Delivery / Major Incident / Program Manager. Managed three national accounts; New York City Transit  Authority, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Massachusetts Electric, AARP and Unisys Worldwide  Action Center comprised of 71 team members with both national and international resources  supporting 28K users in enterprise environments.    Authored both help file and knowledge base articles for improved process definition utilized  by both level 1 and level 2 technicians which resulted in "Zero" penalty assessment by the AARP client for 3 consecutive years. The AARP account was lauded as a "Show Case"  account by executive support teams for both Unisys and AARP.  Developed aggressive implementation plans for new service desk functionality in support of the AARP account resulting in a 100% attainment of all service level agreement targets for  36 consecutive months.  Formulated the reporting structure for client facing meetings with senior executives of AARP to determine account status as well as administering the day to day operation of all  service delivery for the account. Realized an offer by AARP to sole source the new contract to Unisys based on the strength of the service desk. This action resulted in additional $1.5  million in revenue and discussion of an additional $15M for secure cloud computing.  Planned and implemented the off shoring of the New York City Transit Authority service  desk functions which resulted in the account gross margin being positive for the first time in this $108M multi-year contract allowing Unisys to realize a 200% cost savings on service  desk manpower costs.  Defined process and developed implementation plan of remote service functions utilizing  Bomgar remote control tool for the New York City Transit Authority service desk. This was  adopted as a Unisys "best practice" for global implementation for remote control support  function. This resulted in a 16% field technician dispatch reduction and set the mark for other accounts to follow. Hailed plan as forward thinking to bring service desk support  functions into the 21st century by Unisys Vice President and Bomgar Executive Team. Senior Network Operations Specialist SPRINT LDD - Rochester, NY January 2000 to December 2002 As a Senior Network Operations Specialist Utilized state-of-art test equipment and protocol  analyzers for the 3rd largest US telecommunications provider. Performed installation, troubleshooting and repair of Sprint and customer premise data, video, wireless and voice  networks in LAN/WAN/CO environments.    Re-designed the spares asset tracking system and conducted an inventory review for Rochester and Buffalo, NY centers resulting in a $1M asset discovery between the two  centers of previously unaccounted for spares.  Established a 99.9% first time problem resolution for all dispatches over a 2.5 year period of time for new circuit turn-up and reported trouble tickets. This record significantly enhanced  customer satisfaction within the western New York region garnering a "Sprint Values  Excellence" award.  Maintained 100% accuracy of customer spares by running database search queries by customer within the Sprint proprietary FMS (Facilities Management System) for western  New York. This action ensures replacement of equipment availability in-case of hardware  failure on customer premise. Education Technology Kansas City, Vocational School Certificate Sprint University Of Excellence