IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Hoboken, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Pure Grown Diamonds, Inc - New York, NY June 2015 to Present • Directs the IT department and advises on inquiries regarding new technology such as computer software, hardware, procedures and issue resolution for both domestic as well as international accounts.  • Manages IT project requirements and conducts any and all testing initiatives in the U.S. and provides all feedback to upper management and overseas counterpart.  • Facilitated an integration of Salesforce with the organizational ERP system that is responsible for maintaining, analyzing and forecasting sales,  client operations, and financial data.  • Aided in meetings to create target state business process flows and candidate architecture to show the benefits of an integrated renewable go-to  market strategy.  • Developed future state capability frameworks, solution methodologies, and operational approaches to capture current state assessment findings in order to provide value-add recommendations and actionable results.  • Utilized agile methodology to provide solution, planning, and delivery for several software integrations.  • Performed competitive intelligence market research, industry trends, and disruptive technology strategies to achieve ideal future state targets through business development and solving for technical pain points.  • Designed and implemented strategies for management of all retailer fulfillment items and promotional products.  • Responsible for quarterly commission statements for all Vice Presidents of Sales, Sales Agents, and diamond Buying Groups.  • Assisted in all of the various stages of the systems development life cycle for a company e-commerce launch to enhance the client user experience,  sales channels, and branch productivity.  • Developed a mapping program that enables ready access to multiple clients' locations resulting in the determination of new retail outlets as clients.  • Creates daily reports analyzing sales, inventory, and customer demographics, which are provided to the CEO to make strategic decisions on the allocation of stock to retailers.  • Leads the sales performance incentive program activities including: measuring the company's sales, compliance, guidelines, and transactional  qualifications.  • Manages the client relationship for one of the organization's largest accounts for business activities involving sales, account management, product  delivery, business recommendations, and inquiries.  • Utilized business's social media platforms to market to a nationwide client base and to oversee the company brand for the online community.  • Consults with company's domestic and overseas ownership to refine and implement a marketing strategy of new technology in selling luxury  products including the entire rebranding of the company.  • Coordinated interviews and meetings between CEO and public relations firm in order to ensure timely deliverable of all marketing processes and maximum target outreach.  • Implements all new IT systems for employees across all lines of business in order to successfully complete onboarding as well as integrate the necessary technology to perform daily operations and procedures.  • Sustains client compliance with company regulations by developing and maintaining retailer databases to track products throughout the inventory  life cycle.  • Conducts real estate location strategy for all business ventures including: office relocation, negotiations, lease review, and communications between all parties involved. Legal Assistant Schiavetti, Corgan, DiEdwards, Weinberg & Nicholson LLC - New York, NY June 2014 to August 2014 Performed various types of paralegal work, including document review, trial preparation, and medical and legal research for a mid-size litigation  firm representing public and private hospitals, private physicians, and medical groups in the greater New York area.  • Updated and re-organized the firm's file room on own initiative and created a more efficient records management system that was valued and praised by senior partners. Created a new filing system that required attorneys to account for documents they removed and ensured all documents  contained in the file room were relevant, up-to-date, and easily accessible. Intern Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce - Bethlehem, PA May 2013 to August 2013 Participated, planned, and organized five to ten events to help benefit local business development of Bethlehem. Contacted Chamber of Commerce  member businesses and obtained dozens of monetary donations or donations of service for events.  • Took initiative when planning events to call rental companies, party planners, and catering services. Selected vendors based on a comparison of value for services.  • Maintained detailed minutes for weekly Chamber member meetings when members shared ideas for future events. Education Bachelor of Arts in Economics Muhlenberg College - Allentown, PA August 2011 to May 2015 University of Newcastle March 2014 Skills DATABASES (3 years), MARKETING (3 years), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ADOBE ILLUSTRATOR (Less than 1 year), COMPUTER PROGRAMMING (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office Suite (10+ years), Salesforce (2 years) Additional Information Skills:  CRM Platforms: Salesforce (Admin) - 2 years  General Tools: Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Access, SharePoint, Adobe  Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator.  Software / Products:%SAP Business Objects Reports, Tableau  Social Media Marketing: Facebook, Twitter, Hootsuite, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest, ProProfs, MailChimp  Computer Programming/Databases: Jython, Java, HTML, VBA, SQL.    Skills & Strengths: Project Management, Public Speaking, Leadership, Diligent, Open Minded, Analytical Mindset, Excellent Communication,  Innovative, Adaptable, Impact Driven, Solution Creation, Capability Development, and Team Oriented Mentality.