EIS Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manger EIS Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> Manger EIS Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manger - SUNTRUST BANK Atlanta, GA Accomplished Project Manager with proven experience in IT Infrastructure and customer service environment. Lead across all phases of project life cycle using PMI standards and practices. Demonstrate the ability to drive multiple, simultaneous projects according to customer expectation, time, scope, and budget.    Outstanding communication, team building, and negotiation skills, managing people and projects within a matrix environment. Analytical, diligent, and dedicated to excellent customer service. Leverage a military career, having worked within field communications, national security, and presidential escorts. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience EIS Senior IT Infrastructure Project Manger SUNTRUST BANK July 2018 to Present • Project manage the remodeling of the SunTrust Bank Data Centers in Atlanta and Durham using the ACI, Application Centric Infrastructure design.  • Currently in the process of transitioning from a Waterfall to Agile methodology.  • Work with vendors and multiple internal teams to provide a smooth transition of the existing data center infrastructure to the new ACI design. My current responsibilities are providing an updated project plan which reflects the transition from Waterfall to Agile methodology, Multi-million-dollar budget forecasting, risk assessment, resource allocation, communication documentation and schedule. EIS Infrastructure Project Manager SUNTRUST BANK November 2016 to June 2018 • Project manage IT Technology projects for the Corporate Real Estate CRE group which work involves all IT technology moves, installs and upgrades. Types of projects include, network installs, refresh's (upgrades), desktop technology, VoIP conversions and teammate moves >50.  • Managed the launch of the new MS Surface Hub AV technology throughout multiple SunTrust non-branch sites which includes; ordering, tracking, team meetings, vendor-management, installation, testing and training. Tools: MS Project, MS Excel, MS PP, SharePoint, Outlook, PDF files and other various applications. Managed the full cycle using PMI knowledge-based practices. Program Manager & Senior Consultant CAPGEMINI March 2014 to July 2016 Customer: Frontier Communications  • Converted the Verizon customers to the Frontier Communication platform, overseeing all project management for the data conversion team, including Informatica coding, verifications / certification, and sending DPI tables.  • Established project milestones and deliverables, as well as assessed and mitigated risk.  • Served as project manager for the DPI table team for commercial and residential products, including promos and rewards.  • Created and maintained the stakeholder register and communications documents.  • Tracked resource time utilizing Planview.  • Developed and managed archival records and documents in SharePoint.  Customer: Cox Communications  • Project: Replacement of the Movius Voicemail platform with the Acision product ($3M project)  • Controlled daily stand-up and wind-down team meetings  • Created and managed the Stakeholder Register and Communications document  • Tracked and monitored team deliverables and schedules  • Developed, tracked and monitored Lessons Learned and managed and helped mitigate Risks & Issues  • Provide monthly budget estimation and forecasts  • Coordinated Go/No-Go customer meetings and NOM deployments  • Manage project folders and files in SharePoint  • Managed and coordinated all aspects of the Movius equipment removal in 13 markets throughout the country EVC Project Manager TECHNICAL INNOVATION June 2013 to February 2014 • Develop project management processes and procedures for the EVC group.  • Responsibilities include: Full Project Life Cycle, gather customer requirements and objectives, perform turn over meetings and resource needs.  • Develop schedule and perform weekly customer meetings.  • Define requirements, develop the WBS and track project expenditures as well as track equipment procurement and equipment deliveries.  • Coordinate and communicate project activities with stakeholders and verify QA processes and procedures have been met.  • Monitor and control all project activities, milestones and deliverables until project is completed and all final documents have been delivered and filed for closure.  • Transition to support process followed by project closing. Project Manager ACTIANCE, INC June 2012 to April 2013 • Developed project plans and scheduling for product implementation and training  • Assisted with modification of the Professional Services processes and procedures  • Scheduled weekly customer meetings as well as transition to support meetings  • Presented weekly project updates (30 plus active projects)  • Managed the Professional Services resource billable hours Project Manager, Contract Work CBTS (Cincinnati Bell) November 2011 to June 2012 • PMO working on world-wide IT and Voice over IP projects world-wide for GE  • Develop Project Charter  • Develop MS Project Schedules  • Project Life Cycle: Initiate, Plan, Execute, Monitor and Control and Close processes Project Manager ISS WORLD - Atlanta, GA April 2011 to August 2011 ISS is one of the world's largest commercial providers of Facility Services.  • Responsible for managing large, complex projects to support the client's facility needs Hewlett-Packard sites, to include facility buildouts, vendor management, repairs, and service  • Manage and evaluate vendor relations and contractual performance for up to 14 contractors  • Coordinate and review operational activities according to Full Project Life Cycle (Initiation, Planning, Design, Execution, Closure)  • Define SOWs and SLAs, create RFPs, and review bids for all contracts  • Proactively identify project risks and provide mitigation plans, issue resolution & conflict management  • Provide requirements gathering, business & functional analysis, process definition and workflow analysis  • Developed and implemented vendor management policies and procedures  • Effectively completed complex projects according to scope, time, and budget  • Commended for successfully negotiating contracts and revising project scopes to better define objectives, which resulted in substantial cost-savings and increased efficiencies for the client  • Recognized by management for providing best-in-class customer service and support  • Utilized corporate Project Tracker and Excel Spreadsheets for management tool. Senior Telecommunications IT Associate GWINNETT COUNTY, GA 2007 to 2011 • Implemented and managed the maintenance, installation, and service of clients' telephony, data and voicemail products  • Supported installation and moves/changes for the new Cisco Call Manager and Unity Systems,  • Managed and assisted the Server team on the AD LDS during the CUCM migration  • Assessed client needs and provided solutions to increase efficiency, reliability, and performance  • Provided system support, moves, and changes to multiple PBX, Voicemail systems, IVR's and Call Centers  • Recognized by management for providing dedication and expertise, thereby advancing the position from a contractor to a full-time employee Owner TPC BUILDERS - Atlanta, GA 2003 to 2007 • Successfully created, owned, and operated a company to provide contracting services such as home remodeling, basement finish-outs, deck and porch installations, landscape lighting, and other various projects  • Operated all areas of the business including operations, executive management, finance, accounting, marketing, contract management, and customer support  • Provided hands-on and onsite project management on a day-to-day basis  • Recruited and managed qualified staff and subcontractors Project Manager GLENAYRE ELECTRONICS - Atlanta, GA 1999 to 2003 • Directed installation of Glenayre MVP equipment at large cellular clients, including large-scale voicemail systems for Verizon and U.S. Cellular  • Installed equipment at MSOs, leading full project life cycle  • Developed system requirements, coordinated internal design reviews, allocated client and internal resources, coordinated inventory shipments, conducted onsite surveys at central offices, and arranged technical support for multi-million-dollar installations  • Created milestone dashboards and managed reporting of milestone achievements  • Supervised multiple subcontractors, performed internal engineering, coordinated testing, led customer meetings, and secured system quality  • Attained formal customer acceptance and assisted customers throughout warranty period Education DeVry Institute - Killeen, TX Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Cisco, Infrastructure design, Netware, Router, Full life cycle, Life cycle, Html, Pdf, Networking, Ios, Data conversion, Sap, Customer support, Large-scale, Unix, Excel, Ms excel, Powerpoint, PM, Waterfall, SDLC