Sr. IT Interoperability Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Interoperability <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Interoperability Project Manager - Ablevets Washington, DC • Experienced Senior Program/ Project manager/Business Analyst with significant experience supporting Large Federal Government clients offering 16 years of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects with CSM, Agile certifications.  • Extensive experience with developing executive level presentations. Resourceful, creative problem-solver with proven aptitude to analyze, translate complex customer requirements, business problems, and design/implement innovative custom solutions. Strong ability to coordinate and collaborate with personnel across large organizations. Strong ability to manage and complete task on time to budget without incident.    • Articulate communicator who can fluently speak the languages of business and technology, blending technical and business expertise with excellent interpersonal skills while interacting effectively with customers, staff, technical, and engineering teams. Work Experience Sr. IT Interoperability Project Manager Ablevets May 2019 to Present Reason Left (Present)  MBI Security Clearance    • Tracked Interoperability Requirements, communicated status to client.    • Edit Interoperability Plan to reflect customer comments    • Facilitate Task Order sync weekly meeting to discuss, risks, issues, and Interoperability plan, and Project Schedule updates.    • Lead Daily Scrum meeting for Team in efforts to discuss current status on project, issues, concerns, risk, impediments, and balancing workload.    • Developed Use case stories using Rational Tools Suite (Clearcase, Requisite Pro, and Clearquest) for Department of VA web based applications.    • Develop Project Schedule using Microsoft Project, and leverage project schedule for updates to Project team, and Stakeholders.    • Facilitate Sprint Planning meeting to ensure project tasks are completed within two week Sprints.    • Facilitated and lead a matrix of client calls specific to Project status, Life cycle and Deliverables Sr. IT Project Manager Take2 IT Consulting June 2018 to January 2019 Reason Left (1099 Contract Ended)  MBI Security Clearance    • Develop Project Schedule using Microsoft Project, and leverage project schedule for updates to Project team, and Stakeholders.    • Facilitate Sprint Planning meeting to ensure project tasks are completed within two week Sprints.    • Developed Analysis of Alternatives document to ensure feasible alternatives are analyzed prior to making costly investment decisions.    • Lead Daily Scrum meeting for Team in efforts to discuss current status on project, issues, concerns, risk, impediments, and balancing workload.    • Developed Testing Strategy, Master Test Plan, facilitated Test findings meeting through Testing sign off for VHIE Project.    • Developed PMP plan, Communication plan, System Design document, and overarching Master Test Plan.    • Managed customer expectation and delivered quality product within two week Sprints.    • Developed Use case stories using Rational Tools Suite (Clearcase, Requisite Pro, and Clearquest) for Department of VA web based applications.    • Facilitated and lead a matrix of client calls specific to Project status, Life cycle and Deliverables    • Develop ISRD, and SDD project documentation for Cerner project.    • Practice and PMO/VIP governance through full project life cycle and ensure project team is following Department of VA protocol and process from end to end without incident    • Reviewed project proposal and determine time frame, funding limitations, procedures for accomplishing project, staffing requirements, and allotment of available resources to various phases of project.    • Directed and coordinate activities of project team to ensure project progresses on schedule and within prescribed budget.    • Provided option assessments across multiple areas of design, and development approaches.    • Reviewed status reports prepared by project personnel, and modified schedules or plans as required.    • Managed the Risk Management process from end to end    • Communicate with suppliers, and used Risk Management tool (Rational Suite) to track escalations on responses from suppliers  • Validated suppliers information and responses based on risk    • Managed large amount of suppliers with Vendor Management System    • Review Supplier/Vendor internal control functions    • Managed Risk Register in excess of 500 plus Risks.    • Managed process around Info Security, application security, and managed business process and involved legal (OGC) to review conflicts of interest, and legal compliance    • Manage multiple risk reviews, collect and remediate findings of the entire team Sr. IT Program Manager/ Business Analyst SIRC May 2017 to May 2018 Reason Left (Present)    • Led DCPS Aspen database upgrade project from Project Inception to deliverable.    • Developed and publish Aspen 5.8 upgrade Project Schedule using Microsoft Project, and leverage project schedule for updates to Project team, and Stakeholders.    • Experience with K12, Secondary, ESL.    • Develop Project Time Line, communicate associated Milestones/accomplishments, and update Stakeholders.    • Developed Strategy and Governance to establish DCPS PMO office. Work closely with DCPS (D.C. Public Schools System) CIO and Stakeholders to sustain PMO development effort.    • Led Online Enrollment Project form Project Inception to Deliverable.    • Utilize PPM (Planview) for resource allocation, Risk management and Project planning for Projects in PMO portfolio.    • Facilitate Project team meeting and manage resource allocation per project.    • Utilize and leverage Agile, Iterative, and Waterfall methodology during the SDLC process.    • Develop weekly report on key project activities, Risks, Issues, and Milestones.    • Developed Risk Management team across all projects for DCPS. Sr. IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst Computer Service Consulting Inc February 2016 to April 2017 Feb 2016 - April 2017  Prime Contractor Allwyn Corporation  Department of Treasury - Internal Revenue Service  Sr. IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst  Reason Left (1099 Contract Ended)  MBI Security Clearance    Modernization of IRS (PMO Support Project)    • Develop IRS Modernization Project Management Plan, Risk Management plan, Communication Plan, System Design document for Workstream.    • Managed a project team of 15 Analysts supporting IRS Modernization Project for Department of Treasury.    • Led the Project Management Office (PMO), and provided PM support for the development, and successful implementation of the IRS Modernization initiative.    • Develop Project Schedule using Microsoft Project, and leverage project schedule for updates to Project team, and Stakeholders.    • Oversaw the development and delivery of documents to initiate, plan, and manage PMO processes.    • Utilize PPM (Planview) for resource allocation, Risk management and Project planning for Projects in PMO portfolio.    • Supported Governance Boards with setting the strategy and prioritizing IT investments in administrative systems supporting Registration, Eligibility, and Enrollment Participated in integrated project management teams responsible for developing and managing project schedules, establishing and managing acquisition contracts, and ensuring the on-time delivery of new capabilities through an Agile methodology    • Practiced Risk Management methodology and consulted for government clients of identified risk or known risks, and how projects can be impacted by risk. Provided analysis, resolution approach and mitigation strategy.    • Created bi-monthly project status reports detailing project labor and monthly cost / performance status    • Developed IRS Executive PowerPoint presentations for clients weekly and monthly project Quad Chart updates    • Developed meeting notes, tracking meeting action items, and wrote weekly and monthly status reports Sr. IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst Computer Service Consulting Inc August 2015 to January 2016 Aug 2015 - Jan 2016  Prime Contractor Deloitte  Department of Treasury - Internal Revenue Service  Sr. IT Project Manager/ Business Analyst  Reason Left (1099 Contract Ended)  MBI Security Clearance    Modernization of IRS (CADE 2 PMO Support Project)  • Assist IRS project team with development of risk assessment, and work products    • Develop Project Schedule using Microsoft Project, and leverage project schedule for updates to Project team, and Stakeholders.    • Develop weekly report on key project activities, Risks, Issues, and Milestones    • Provided options assessments across multiple areas of design, development approaches, and contingency plans    • Developed Ad Hoc Integration support work products for IRS customer to facilitate stakeholder decision making  • Developed Executive PowerPoint presentations for IRS customer weekly, and monthly project Quad Chart updates    • Developed meeting notes, tracking meeting action items and wrote weekly and monthly status reports    • Coordinate IRS project team resources and develop business analyst task assignments to execute project deliverables.    • Reengineered Business Process Modeling to identify current state, and future state business process design.    • Used Microsoft Project 2010 tool to manage project schedule, project resource workload, and budget with customer, and project team.    • Use SharePoint tool as a repository to store IRS Modernization project data, documents, and project statuses across portfolios. Sr. Program Manager Computer Service Consulting Inc July 2014 to July 2015 Kaiser Permanente  Reason Left (1099 Contract Ended)    • Lead effort to manage IT resources, and deliver Kaiser Permanente new Hospital system to Cerner Millennium product    • Utilize PPM (Planview) for resource allocation, Risk management and Project planning for Projects in PMO portfolio.    • Conducted analysis sessions with SMEs to develop Hospital Information system workflows, process diagrams, gap analyses to identify system, application, and/or hardware needs.    • Conducted working sessions with SMEs, and business owners to gather client business requirements, functional requirements, processes, and in the preparation of appropriate documentation to communicate and validate the information.    • Led Cerner Millennium deliverable efforts to Increase efficiency by placing real-time, updated information with the care team in time to make fast and effective decisions.  • Led efforts to improve patient care to enable clinicians to focus on patient's overall health, and not just the encounter.  • Specialized in the concentration of clinical laboratory operations to include Cerner Millennium PathNet- General Laboratory, Microbiology, Anatomic Pathology, and Blood Bank.  • Developed process that provided the look and feel of EMR across Acute and Ambulatory settings.  • Facilitated health care revenue cycle Process for Cerner Millennium Hospital Information System    • Utilized health care information technology laws such as HIPAA Title II as guide line to build Cerner Millennium Hospital Information system requirements.    • Developed testing Documentation for Cerner Millennium Hospital Information System and communicate test results to technical and business stakeholders.    • Developed workload simulation matrix and determine scripting scenarios for Cerner Millennium Information System.    • Performed Defect Management troubleshooting and developed mitigation strategy for testing solution.    • Lead team effort to coordinate with team members, and verify testing needs Cerner Millennium Information System.    • Managed the Risk Management process from end to end    • Communicate with suppliers, and used Risk Management tool (Rational Suite) to track escalations on responses from suppliers  • Validated suppliers information and responses based on risk    • Managed large amount of suppliers with Vendor Management System    • Review Supplier/Vendor internal control functions    • Managed Risk Register in excess of 500 plus Risks.    • Managed process around Info Security, application security, and managed business process and involved legal (OGC) to review conflicts of interest, and legal compliance    • Manage multiple risk reviews, collect and remediate findings of the entire team Deloitte Sub Contractor Technatomy Inc October 2012 to June 2014 Sr. Project Manager/SCRUM Master  Department of Veterans Affairs Client  Reason Left (Government Contract Ended)  MBI Security Clearance    Virtual Lifetime Electronic Health Care Record project    • Provide project management PMO support services that support VA Health CONNECT Exchange gateway tool to exchange patient data from VA hospital to Healthcare Partners.    • In support of all VA's major Initiatives in development, enhancement of products. Lead the team in action tracking, monitoring and reporting requirements over the lifecycle of the projects.    • Manage the DoD/VA Domain Squads as they evaluate the current levels of interoperability between DoD and VA    • Provide joint program, project and technical oversight on the DoD/VA delivery of health, benefit and personnel information exchange capabilities such as the Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record (VLER), IPO and Product Development Tracking.    • Provide support for VA Health CONNECT Exchange gateway tool to exchange patient data from VA hospital to Healthcare Partners.    • Responsible for planning, executing, monitoring and controlling the joint DoD/VA VLER related schedule, scope, requirement, communications, procurement, human resource and quality management processes.    • Support the joint DoD/VA VLER software development lifecycle (SDLC) from requirements analysis through deployment as well as the development of the associated artifacts.    • Created bi-monthly project status reports detailing project labor and monthly cost / performance status.    • Created Requirements Traceability and Verification Matrix (RVTM) for all projects to ensure system design functioned correctly.    • Plan and assign work, approving leave, evaluating work performance and participating in promotion and award recommendation. Sr. Test Team Project Manager WBB Inc April 2012 to October 2012 Department of Veterans Affairs Client  Reason Left (Government Contract Ended)  MBI Security Clearance    ICD-10 Project    • Coordinate ICD -10 project Test team meetings to strategize and leverage project management approaches to address ICD-10 project needs.    • Led ICD 9-10 conversion project for a claims management system    • Provide project management PMO support services that support ICD-10 project and VA Major Initiatives.    • Developed test execution scenarios for load, stress, duration and endurance.    • Develop Defect Management matrix using methodic logic outlining performance degradation diagnostics, Risks, Issues, troubleshooting, and propose mitigation strategy.    • Developed testing Documentation and communicate test results to technical and non technical business stakeholders.    • Develop workload simulation matrix and determine scripting scenarios.    • Developed Testing Plan documentation outlining testing requirements and testing scenarios.  • Develop Project Management, Communication, Risk, and Configuration Management Plan, for Testing Team.    • Facilitate face to face client meetings, and conference calls weekly in support of ICD-10 project activities and scheduled deliverables. Sr. Project Manager/ Risk Manager/ SSO Deputy WBB Inc June 2010 to April 2012 Department of Veterans Affairs Client  Reason Left (Promoted to new Government Contract)  MBI Security Clearance    Veterans Relation Management VRM Project    • Managed multiple personnel resources and project activities within a matrix environment for the VRM Identity Access Management Workstream.    • Managed a high visibility project that oversaw the development of a user-friendly health web based portal for veterans    • Executed and maintained project management processes and disciplines in the areas of project schedule, quality, communications, cost, procurement, risk - issue, and change management.    • Facilitate face to face client meetings and conference calls weekly in support of VRM project activities and scheduled deliverables.    • Performed project management services planning, monitoring deliverables, scheduling, compliance, and client relationship building.    • Created and implemented process procedures that increased efficiency, accelerated customer satisfaction and streamlined business processes.    • Develop Project Management Plan, Risk Management plan, Communication Plan, System Design document for VRM Workstream. Military Weapon Systems Instructor Department of Army April 2009 to April 2010 Reason Left (Government Contract Ended)  Secret Level DOD Security Clearance    PM Soldier Protection and Individual Equipment PEO (PM SPIE) project    Experienced Military Weapon Systems Instructor with proven ability to properly develop lesson plans, training  practical exercises and provide sufficient adult learning methods in all environments.    • Prepare course introduction by describing exactly the task that the student must perform under what conditions and to what standard.    • Explain safety considerations of environment and weapon systems used in course.    • State risk assessment level for the lesson extremely high to moderate low.    • Explain environmental considerations or state if there are none.    • Conduct instructional lead in to explain how the training will be conducted, tested and how it differs from actual job performance.    • Evaluate instruction by performing after action review of training. Project Manager/ Project Analyst/SharePoint Administrator (PMO) Project AARP American Association of Retired People March 2004 to 2009 Portfolio Office Strategy and Governance  (Left for New Career Opportunity)    • Facilitate Project Review Board meetings in collaboration with ITS leadership, project managers, and Procurement Contract Management for project approval, appointment of resources for projects, and required tangible or intangible goods and services needed to meet project requirements successfully.    • Monitored project progress using Microsoft Project, IMAP Primavera Portfolio application and maintained a picture of the status of the initiative, including aspects of risk, quality, and issues.    • Provided periodic reports to Project Stake Holders on project issues, risk, resolutions, and analysis. Prioritize and provided solutions to address and resolve project issues effectively.    • Utilized PeopleSoft ERP Enterprise Application to address complex business requirements.    • Utilized PeopleSoft application to provide a comprehensive business and industry solution that enabled AARP to increase productivity, accelerate business performance, and provide a lower cost.    • Managed the Risk Management process from end to end    • Communicate with suppliers, and used Risk Management tool (Rational Suite) to track escalations on responses from suppliers  • Validated suppliers information and responses based on risk    • Managed large amount of suppliers with Vendor Management System    • Review Supplier/Vendor internal control functions    • Managed Risk Register in excess of 500 plus Risks.    • Managed process around Info Security, application security, and managed business process and involved legal (OGC) to review conflicts of interest, and legal compliance    • Manage multiple risk reviews, collect and remediate findings of the entire team Escort to the President United States of America 3rd US Infantry United States Army - Fort Myer, VA February 2000 to February 2003 The Old Guard/ Honor Guard Duty)  (Reason Left - Honorable Discharge)  Soldier Unit Supply Specialist    • Performed Military Ceremonies for President of United States and domestic and foreign dignitaries.    • Managed and administered procurement responsibilities, including purchasing organizational commodity items and managing account holder budgets, impact credit card purchases, and provide quarterly and annual reporting.    • Executed tracking inventory assets in the amount of 2 million dollars using the ULLS S-4 Supply Chain Management Information System Software.    • Conducted Sergeants time training weekly mentoring session to discuss Soldier primary functionalities of position and the future educational and professional development.    • Coordinating supply logistic activities.    • Posting transactions to organizational and installation property books and supporting transaction files.    • Performed Military ceremonies for the President and President's Cabinet of the United States of America.    • Supported the Public Relations initiative of the unit by extending myself and participating in the Pentagon Tours and Ceremonies for Civilian Government, general public and Foreign Dignitaries. Education Business Management Northern Virginia College December 2016 Diploma in U.S. Army Instructor Certification United States Army School of Instructors September 2009 Communication and Interpersonal Skills New Horizons Computer Learning Center March 2005 Logistics United States Army School of Logistics Ft - Lee, VA June 2000 Skills SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, PMP Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E4