Principal Consultant Principal Consultant Principal Consultant - American Institute for Leadership Arlington, TX Work Experience Principal Consultant American Institute for Leadership June 2010 to Present Project Management Solutions)  (Portfolio Include): Sr. Project Manager D&M Enterprises February 2019 to February 2019 The 10th largest college in the U.S. (120,000 students).  • Senior Project Manager and Scrum Master lead a multi-year transformation across the district.  • Assisted teams in crafting and implementing business cases to meet the new requirements of students, faculty, and staff for six campuses.  • Provided weekly and as needed reporting to the Chancellor and all campus Presidents.  • Organized and trained multiple teams in Agile Scrum and Design Thinking methods and processes. Project Manager/Consultant Dallas County Community College April 2017 to February 2019 • Designed and developed a secured intranet platform to allow the college to engage, aid, track and measure the progress of area high school students pursuing STEM-based careers.  • Worked directly with senior management in the development of the strategic plan, assessing stakeholders' needs.  • Maintain stakeholders' engagement, setting requirements, setting measurement matrices, preparing presentations and status reports. Sr. Project Manager CSTI May 2018 to May 2018 CSTI  • Assisted with the development of the business cases, charters and project management plans to help reengineer the wealth base of communities to solve social, and economic challenges in the city.  • Assisted with the design and testing of the App to leverage consumer buying power, to create new sources of revenue to empower communities. Sr. Project Manager American Institute for Leadership - Fort Worth, TX April 2010 to 2015 • Help craft project business cases, charter, and scope, to help garner sustainable support from targeted stakeholders for the official strategic initiatives of the City of Fort Worth, Fort Worth ISD, and key industry sectors.  • Developed an online intranet platform to intersect and leverage the strategic initiatives of the City, the school district, key industries, and communities to garner sustainable support from targeted stakeholders. IT Project Manager BNC Business Network Communications April 2008 to June 2010 • Project Manager for the IT project "e2Mall" prototype.  • The e2Mall is a retail /entertainment fulfillment center.  • The e2Mall project was developed to help transform shopping malls into entertainment/shopping fulfillment centers.  • Assisted with the project analysis,  • Assembled, trained and managed the development team.  • The development team consisted of (3) IT managers, (1) Computer scientists, (2) Designers, (1) Architect, a Logistics and Warehouse Management Company, (1) Project Accountant. Education Organizational Leadership ( Project Management) ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY None in Computer Science THOMAS NELSON COLLEGE Skills Six sigma Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-lynch-pmp Additional Information SKILLS  • Certified Project Management Professional  • Certified Agile Scrum Master  • Certified Organizational Leadership    • Certified Lean Six Sigma Greenbelt  • Certified Information Technology Manager