IT Project/Product Manager, Professional Services <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>/Product <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Professional Services IT Project / Product Manager, Professional Services / Asset Management Enterprise Solutions / Semiconductor Equipment & Testing / Airline Point of Sale Solution - Americas - Panasonic Avionics, Global Eagle Entertainment and Thales Avionics Plano, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project/Product Manager, Professional Services Apptricity Corporation - Irving, TX July 2018 to Present •Managed and implemented four asset management enterprise solution projects in ten months (from project kickoff to post-production release)  •Actively participate in development sprint planning meetings  *Represent professional services in daily development stand-up meeting  •Set QA priorities for asset management enterprise solution  •Drive asset management product road-map  •Create base product user stories  •Create and submit in Jira - CRs, defects, solution deployments for client and internal asset management environments  *Perform product smoke testing and regression testing – upon development completion of CR, defect, product update IT Project Manager, Professional Services GuestLogix INC - Irving, TX July 2015 to May 2018 Managing scalable & configurable SaaS solution travel industry projects that drive ancillary sales from inception to completion in an Agile project management environment. Solution includes point of sale, payment mobile, and business intelligence reporting. Application hosted via AWS Cloud. Airline clients include Southwest, Delta, WestJet, Sun Country, JetSmart, Jet Blue trial, Panasonic Avionics, Global Eagle Entertainment and Thales Avionics. Payment processing vendors include BluePay, First Data, BlueFin, MagTek, Infinite Peripherals, Miura, and Anywhere Commerce.  •In charge of newly defined projects, migrations, cutovers, operations, and maintenance/support.  •Fostering and maintaining, managing, and growing client relationships by planning, conducting tele-conference, and in-person visits with client representatives, officials, or decision makers.  •Working closely with business partners and other stakeholders during all phases of project cycle: initial planning phase of project, develop FRD & BRD, gather user stories content, create CR docs, draft/finalize SOW & scope, project kickoff, design, build, QA/smoke testing, UAT release, PROD release, and post go live.  •Responsible for product deliverables with regards to plan, finances, staffing, risk, and supplier/vendor relations.  •Understanding client vision and managing expectations and scope creeps against product roadmap.  •Leading weekly meetings with design, test and production groups to track project, set milestones to meet project objectives, document developments and maintain adequate project control.  •Holding steering meetings with upper management for sharing status update and securing alignment on best way forward for any open issues.  •Successful in managing fixed price and time-material cost projects.  •Managing stakeholder expectations of product by utilizing product roadmap, providing research and evidence to support product plan, and keeping enthusiasm on controlled elements. Project Manager, Embedded Processors & Microcontrollers – Automotive Safety TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INC (contract) - Dallas, TX July 2012 to December 2014 •Managed projects from inception to final deliverable product. Successful in exceeding goals, objectives, milestones, budget, and expectations of stakeholders. $35+ Million of revenues generated per year.   Managed 16-bit and 32-bit microcontrollers development projects from design tape-out to production.  •Coordinated with cross functional teams to develop project plan to release new solutions and product enhancements. Teams spanned across two US cities and 3 countries. Owned overall program execution with various cross-functional teams (FAB, Packaging, Product & Test engineering, Quality, Reliability, and Manufacturing).  •Directly interacted with customers in defining and managing key deliverables and milestones.  •Identified, managed and mitigated risks that impacted the project to ensure timely project completion within allocated budget.  •Qualified new products to meet or exceed industry standards and address customer requirements.  •Mentored core team members on company’s methodologies, change control processes, requirements gathering and other tasks required to manage projects.  •Maintained great relationship with customers' management team. The go-to guy for customers on many fronts.  •Utilized Lean Six Sigma to reduce cost and maintain sound ROI. Project Manager/ Project Lead ANORA SOLUTIONS - Plano, TX February 2011 to December 2011 •Led test program conversions: Polaris ATE (Pascal) to LTX-Credence ATE platform (GUI-based).  •Provided product and test engineering expertise to a group of 5 engineers and 1 technician.  •Followed Agile Software Development Methods; performed correlation / GRR across temperatures.  •Held meetings, tracked tasks/milestones, executed and closed action items.  •Group converted 35+ test programs under my leadership. This exceeded company's projection of 25 conversions in a year. Math Teacher DALLAS ISD - Dallas, TX June 2009 to January 2011 Algebra I / 8th Grade Math    •Deliver lessons and knowledge. Responsible for 120 students.  •Students achieved the highest scores on state mandated exams in the school and third highest in the district. Project Manager/Lead ATE Applications Engineer LTX CORPORATION - Richardson, TX September 2000 to January 2009 •Recognized for outstanding customer technical support. Responsible for onsite Tester Mainframe / ATE hardware and software support.   •Provide equipment repair and maintenance support.  •Lead software and hardware rollout at customer site.  •Verify, Validate, and Detect software/hardware errors. Create test cases and bug reports; keep customer in loop of testing process and key dates / milestones; provide software update and working solution; analyze crashes and hang-ups.  •Develop test plans for Texas Instruments specific semiconductor devices. Power and Ground considerations, functional test timing, test hardware design and testing.  •Determine uncertainty of measurement systems for comparison and optimization of manufacturing processes with repeatability and reproducibility. Machine variation; operator to operator variation.  •Provide pre-sales technical support. Write and present technical white papers.  •Performed Root Cause Analysis 8-D, ISO 9000, manufacturing and qualification processes. DSP Product/Test Engineer TEXAS INSTRUMENTS INC - Stafford, TX January 2000 to August 2000 New product development engineer. DSP TMX32VC5440 - VOIP device; test method development and procedures definition. Product Engineer MOTOROLA - Austin, TX June 1997 to December 1999 Responsible for new product introduction and support of new customer programs.  In charge of transferring semiconductor devices to multiple wafer fabrication sites, assembly, and test sites. AIX Technical Specialist IBM INC - Austin, TX December 1995 to June 1997 Provide AIX technical phone support to external customers. Support RISC/6000 mainframes / servers & peripheral devices for systems configuration, commands usage, and crash/dump. Education Bachelor of Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS - Austin, TX 1997 Skills SEMICONDUCTOR (10+ years), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (3 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (9 years), Product Management (3 years), Agile Methodology (9 years), Waterfall Methodology (9 years), Implementation Manager (9 years), Scrum (5 years), Process Improvement (5 years), Mobile Payments (3 years), Waterfall, PM, SDLC, Information Technology, Software Development, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information ? Core Competencies: IT Project Management, IT Product Management, Account Management, Semiconductor Project Management, Business Intelligence, Agile Methodology, Scrum, Kanban, Lean Six Sigma, Product & Test Engineering, Applications Engineering, Research, Data Analysis, Team Leadership, Presentations, Relationship Building, Inventory Management, Process Improvement, Problem Resolution, Technical Sales/Marketing.