CONSULTANT CONSULTANT Naperville, IL Experienced executive with significant expertise in strategizing, designing, developing and institutionalizing  proven processes, solutions and infrastructure towards revenue increase opportunities and cost containment  across functions in roles spanning healthcare, information technology services and startups.  ? Tenacious Quest for Success. Earned MBA while working full-time. Actively volunteered to take up  an increasing number of responsibilities - gaining hands-on experience in M&A strategy formulation,  participation in due diligence, leading business integration, and delivering over USD 450 million in  synergies.  ? Result-Driven Leadership. Whether leading business growth or digital business transformation -  figures out what makes teams tick and solutions click. Met and exceeded over USD 225 Million in  revenue dollars.  ? Challenger of Conventional Wisdom. Always asks WHY. Improves user experience through smart,  strategic thinking that anticipates outcomes. Presents cases that influence and leads change that drives  efficiency and profitability - gross margin improvement by 21%. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CONSULTANT Self December 2017 to Present Created a 4X revenue plan for an energy analytics startup company by identifying credible  adjacencies, quantifying the total addressable market, competitor analysis, target share of wallet, investments needed and prioritized the segments to play.  • Led change management to repackage the product service offerings to be services led solutions, delivered as managed services on cloud, enabling a move towards annuity-based contracts  contributing to over 50% of the revenue portfolio.  • Redesigned the process to remove inefficiencies and bring in significant automation and metrics  orientation to reduce solution sales cycle time by 33% and increase bid to win ratio to 40%. Vice President HCL SERVICES LTD September 2015 to November 2017 • Led business transformation of a USD 50 Million Infrastructure services practice, resulting in improvement of gross margin by 21%.  • Enabled customer digital transformation journey by providing managed services solutions including  hybrid cloud as a delivery model resulting in over 40% cost containment for customers.  • Re-architected existing long-term contracts to bring in robotic process automation and proactive  monitoring resulting in efficiencies in execution, leading to higher CSAT and increased contract  renewals to 85%. Associate Vice President HCL TECHNOLOGIES LTD January 2010 to August 2015 Founded the Healthcare practice and as part of the core leadership team, grew the business from zero  to USD 50 Million, helping acquire over a dozen new customers within the first 18 months. Key  customers include multi-Billion-dollar corporations such as UHG, HCSC, and Centene.  Sanjaylogabiraman@yahoo.com | 630-853-7527  linkedin.com/in/sanjay-logabiraman-89099496/    • As the Healthcare SPOC, program managed the business strategy definition by working with McKinsey to create the USD 1 Billion growth blueprint and honed in on large solution opportunities  in the areas of Membership engagement, claims transformation, and fraud waste and abuse.  • As the leader of the business solutions group, owned the business solutions, leading to implementation  in 7 Blue cross plans and 4 private payers, and helped retain 91% of customers.  • Worked directly with the Chairman's office to create the M&A framework to identify potential  acquisition targets and led the due diligence of a couple of target companies valued at USD 600  Million. Senior Project Manager UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INC February 2006 to December 2009 • Institutionalized a portfolio optimization process to manage competing initiatives in acquisitions and led a USD 250 Million business integration of an entire line of business of an acquired entity.  • Led multiple M&A business integration initiatives totaling USD 200 million supporting cross  functional domain areas such as sales and marketing, clinical, provider networks, claims and customer  service operations, and platforms.  • Developed playbooks to reduce time taken to complete end-to-end integration of an acquired entity by  40%.  • Led a CFO sponsored USD 125 Million revenue expansion initiative by driving the end to end  program activities to launch a niche product in a new market. IT Project Manager JOHN DEERE HEALTH CARE, INC November 2003 to February 2006 Revenue increase of USD 38 million - Managed multiple streams of complex projects to enhance  technology capabilities of the Medicare suite of products to integrate prescription drugs (referred to as Part-D) as part of the initiative to modernize Medicare.  • Rollout of subscriber portal aimed at increasing user adoptability and subscription to self-service  features by 60%, resulting in a reduction of the cost of operations by USD 500K.    Performed multiple roles in technology sales and project management spanning teams, technologies and geographies with the following companies: IT Project Manager/ Analyst 4C SOLUTIONS INC - Moline, IL April 1998 to November 2003 USA Programmer/ Analyst BEECHWOOD COMPUTING LTD - Omaha, NE March 1997 to April 1998 Des Moines IA and India Associate Manager, India HCL SERVICES LTD July 1992 to March 1997 Education MBA TIPPIE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS MANAGEMENT, UNIVERSITY OF IOWA, IA B.E. in Electronics and communication engineering COIMBATORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/sanjay-logabiraman-89099496