Manager of IT Applications <span class="hl">Manager</span> of <span class="hl">IT</span> Applications Manager of IT Applications - Advanced Composites Inc Antioch, TN Senior project manager and IT management experienced in Architecture, Business to Business  consulting, full project lifecycles, creating and maintaining budget control, overseeing all quality  control, supervision and staff development, creating and maintaining core relationships with  internal and external partners. Additional experience includes the following:    ? Excellent analytical and managerial skills  ? Teams managed and mentored ranged from small to mid-sized teams.  ? Defined project scope on the business side and translated to the technical side  following the program life cycle standards.  ? Partnered with client managers to evaluate the needs of the company, create a project  scope and presented the proposals to the department heads and board of directors Work Experience Manager of IT Applications Advanced Composites Inc - Sidney, OH May 2019 to Present Manages IT applications support services staff that are responsible for corporate-wide  application systems including: ERP, CRM, document retention, MES, web-based internal and external sites, enterprise and non-enterprise applications systems  ? Conducts capacity planning. Develops procedures to measure the configuration and  programming for all applications relative to current and future business and manufacturing activities  ? Manages the metrics and report daily the activity of the team's status and provide  reporting that guarantees a 99.9% SLA of all applications used and operated by ACP  ? Manage and coordinate the training of the application and services team and ACP multi- departmental users of existing and new technology  ? Set team operational goals; developing continuous improvements and further growth of the IT Applications Services team  ? Manages the initial application services budgeting and purchasing activities for procurement.  ? Assures that all ACP applications remain current and that maintaining current revision  levels is elevated as a constant high priority  ? Works with vendors to request and schedule upgrades and with applications services staff  to support the upgrades  ? Manages the applications development and all coordination required for all primary core  business and manufacturing and related systems    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: IT Applications Assistant Manager Advanced Composites Inc - Sidney, OH November 2017 to May 2019 Monitor everyday operations of application development team and provide regular  feedback  ? Assist internal departments and provide regular feedback to operation team  ? Develop professional relations with customer and establish effective solutions to meet  business requirements  ? Analyze business requirements and develop enhancements to achieve business strategy  ? Analyze current system processes and design functional requirements  ? Develop work schedules and ensure all applications work within work schedule  ? Determine and analyze various processes and implement changes for improvement  ? Manage and provide support to critical business application systems  ? Plan budgets and manage all operations within control expenses    Tanna M. Matthews    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: IT ERP Specialist Advanced Composites Inc - Sidney, OH January 2016 to November 2017 Project Manager    ? Project Manager of complex projects from the beginning all the way through to the completion stage  ? Work with customers one-on-one to determine needs and create SOW, Development  Plans and Project Management documentation  ? Effectively communicate and understand business practices and procedures in order to assist in the design of, development and maintenance of ERP processes  ? Working with the Programming and Database teams developed SSRS, SSIS, stored  procedures and legacy software  ? Managing JSox project for sales and accounting to work with ERP system to monitor  price changes for products, purchase orders and customer quotes.  ? Perform as a member of an application support team for ERP system users throughout the organization and its partners  ? Operate with ERP system users and management to determine appropriate system  configuration and setup  ? Create documentation and procedural guidelines for ERP systems users  ? Analyze and troubleshoot ERP system issues reported by end users  ? QA new releases of ERP systems prior to use in a production environment Project Manager Missouri Employers Mutual - Columbia, MO 2014 to 2015 Develop best practices and tools for project execution and management  ? Coordinated with other teams and departments to carry out required operations in order to ensure the successful completion of the projects  ? Draft and submit project proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes  ? Defined the manpower, resource requirements and deadlines of the project according to the clients' objectives  ? Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work  ? Created alternative low-risk strategies for the clients  ? Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel  ? Apply full scale project plans and associated communications documents  ? Apply appropriate level of project management based on the business drivers and constraints of each project    Tanna M. Matthews Knowledge Management Analyst Missouri Employers Mutual - Columbia, MO 2013 to 2014 Best Practices and the Information Services team.    ? Provide content management and new content development for the continued evolvement  of the IT knowledge repository of which spans across all IT units  ? Communicate clearly and effectively with project team members the organization of and updates to the Knowledge Repository  ? Assist in the construction and administration of the Knowledge Repository  ? Provide user acceptance testing support for configuration changes and new functionality  to knowledge repository. Identify operational issues and recommend enhancements and improvements to knowledge repository  ? Assist with composing and developing documents as directed for Knowledge Repository  loading using defined naming conventions to allow search and retrieval operations Underwriting Assistant Shelter Insurance Companies - Columbia, MO 2008 to 2013 Litigation Assistant    Provide insurance and litigation knowledge, and guidance to Underwriter and Attorney.    ? Develop policy terminations including calculating rates for offers made and creating  letters  ? Assist agents with quotes, new business applications, policy changes and rating problems  ? Assist the Litigation Attorney with evaluation, creation and maintenance of lawsuit files  ? Research policy information necessary to refer lawsuits to outside defense council  ? Communicate regularly with defense counsel, insured(s), court personnel, agents and branch offices via telephone and written correspondence  ? Issue settlement drafts, process reserve adjustments, responds to subrogation claims and advises agents and representatives from other companies as to lawsuit status  ? Responsible for maintaining confidentiality of files and working within specific  guidelines established by management, state laws and regulations Membership/Marketing Manager Girl Scouts-Heart of Missouri Council - Jefferson City, MO 2007 to 2008 Provide training and supervision to adult volunteers with recruitment initiatives.    ? Market Girl Scout programs to assigned segments of the council jurisdiction  ? Recruit, select, train and supervise administrative volunteers  ? Provide training and development opportunities  ? Ensure administrative volunteers comply with policies and procedures  ? Built relationships with key community partners (i.e., schools, other youth serving    Tanna M. Matthews  organizations) to allow for successful recruitment coordination, troop meeting locations and delivery of volunteer-led series programming  ? Partners with the program, fund development, volunteer learning, and product sales team  members to deliver the Girl Scout program to underserved communities Chemical Operations Specialist United States Army - Fort Campbell, KY 1997 to 1998 Ft. Campbell, KY 1997-1998  Honorable Discharged    ? Operate and perform operator maintenance on smoke generating equipment, NBC  identification/detection and decontamination equipment, performs NBC reconnaissance  ? Lead smoke generating or fuel supply squads, supervises  reconnaissance/decontamination operations  ? Conduct battalion and group operations and intelligence functions, and provides NBC  operations advisory support in a separate company or companies of combat service  support    Assigned different duties in service that helped develop leadership skills and gave the needed  mindset to work in stressful and impossible situations. These skills are used today to work with clients in a professional manner, meet deadlines and manage personnel to meet any goals that are  presented. Education Master's Skills Erp, Software development, Visio, Sharepoint, Life cycle, Software development life cycle, Sdlc, Jira, Time management, Liaison, Procurement, Coaching, Mentoring, Training, Satisfaction, Budget, Conflict management, Proposals, Sop, Excel, Strategic Planning, IT Management, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E-3 Additional Information SKILLS SET:    Architecture / Organizational Strong Interpersonal Communication, Prepare and Present Strategic  Solutions at all levels, Develop of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP),  Project Proposals drafted and presented, Budget Creation, Organizational  Development, Resources Procurement, Training Coordination,  Analytical, Team Oriented, Agile and Waterfall methodology    Management Project Management, Judgment and Decision-Making, Team  Management, Time Management, Conflict Management, Technical  Support, Business Solution Evaluations    Mentoring Coaching, Motivate, Supervise team members helping them take  ownership of their work which lead to higher productivity and better  quality of product, and overall job satisfaction    Information Technologies Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Project Life Cycle, IT  Management, ERP Specialist, Experienced liaison between IT and Non-  IT personnel    Office Tools Jama and Jira Project Management, Visio, Microsoft Office Suite  (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project), Lotus Notes, Jira, SharePoint, Ross  ERP system (Aptean)    Tanna Mathews • (573) 353-4202 • tanna_matthews@yahoo.com • Nashville, TN    Tanna M. Matthews