Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - SCHOOL DISTRICT OF MANATEE COUNTY Bradenton, FL • Over 20 years of experience as an IT Professional with expertise in a diverse range of technologies  within multiple industry settings.  • Demonstrated success in providing effective leadership and direction to IT implementation teams, to  resolve issues and provide project deliverables on time and within budget.  • Well organized, results focused individual with proven ability to implement standards, and facilitate  RFP, RFI, RFQ, creations and evaluations.  • Solid management skills, capable of leading and motivating individuals to maximize levels of  productivity, while forming cohesive team environments.  • Ten Years of IT Project Management experience specializing in functional and technical  implementation of software, hardware, and IT programs.  • Over 15 years of professional experience in analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation of  various applications in client/server and mainframe environments.  • Exceptional communicator possessing interpersonal skills and qualities that are critical for building  strong work environments and relationships.    Functional Highlights  • Information Technology • Processes and Procedures • Lean Six Sigma  • IT Project Management • IT Instruction • Resource Allocation  • Program Management • Quality Assurance • IT Implementation  • Client Server Technology • Internet Technology • Relationship Building  • IT Training • Green Belt Light • Networking and Marketing Work Experience Project Manager SCHOOL DISTRICT OF MANATEE COUNTY - Bradenton, FL August 2015 to Present Use Project Management skills to manage IT Projects and initiatives for change for all departments across the Manatee County School District.  • Develop full scale project plans or project task lists using Microsoft Project and other software  tools as needed.  • Institute previously nonexistent project management guidelines within the organization to improve  ability to meet time lines, budgets and objectives of all District projects. (PMO)  • Collaborate with Stakeholders and senior management to define project scope, goals and deliverables.  • Derive customer requirements to establish risks and analysis of problems or e to resolve.  • Document undocumented processes for each project to derive and establish requirements and risks associated with each project.  • Facilitate and communicate with all resources and departments needed to complete projects.  • Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals; Assist in drafting budget  proposals and recommending subsequent budget changes where necessary.  6540 Anchor Loop, Apt. #102, Bradenton Florida 34212  Home: (941) 251.6614 Cell: (585) 370.5112 E-mail: fdixon1@rochester.rr.com IT Implementation Manager JWD AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE CENTER - Rochester, NY February 2010 to December 2016 Manage the implementation of operations and marketing for business expansion which included the development and maintenance of new process applications and marketing strategies. Managed business  functions, website, and company database via Virtual office management.    • IT expansion project greatly increased company customer base by more than 50 percent.  • Developed campaign which included branding changes, updates and documentation of operating  manuals and maintenance of business support processes. Adjunct Instructor MONROE COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Rochester, NY September 2014 to June 2015 Responsible for teaching Microsoft Office Advanced Word I while maintaining an engaging and supportive  classroom environment.  • Prepared lesson plans and created instructional material and activities for student engagement.  • Taught and evaluated student performance based on course and department guidelines.  • Maintained student attendance records, grades, and other records according to department and College guidelines and submits them in a timely manner.  • Develop course information sheet and syllabus in accordance with the department guidelines. Implementation Specialist MEDISKED - Rochester, NY March 2014 to June 2014 Responsible for managing the resources, tasks, and timelines associated with both implementation and post-go-live projects of a growing IT Software Company.  • Managed a workload of implementation and post-go-live projects to ensure objectives are driven  to successful completion on-time and within budget.  • Made best-practice recommendations to assist customers in maximizing product use within their  organizations.  • Lead regular status meetings and prepared/maintained project status documentation, including  project timelines, scopes of work, and knowledge reference guides.  • Delivered product training and performed skills assessments to gauge client application  proficiency. IT Project Manager IBERDROLA USA MANAGEMENT CORPORATION - Rochester, NY August 2008 to January 2010 Project Manager for the implementation of a new Integrated Voice Response (IVR) application and system for Central Maine Power (CMP), New York State Electric and Gas (NYSEG), and Rochester Gas and Electric (RG&E) post acquisition by Iberdrola, USA.  • Worked with Business Leaders to establish budget requirements based on IT requirements  needed for this project during the year in annual budget meeting.  • IT focal point for the IVR product selection team and IVR vendors during the selection process.  Used Gartner reports along with business requirements to select vendor.  • Successfully managed IVR team and technology on a multi-team project involving multiple  locations, and multiple IT platforms on time and within budget.  • Liaison between IVR technical team, Business Leaders and IVR vendor during weekly scheduled  project update meetings.  6540 Anchor Loop, Apt. #102, Bradenton Florida 34212  Home: (941) 251.6614 Cell: (585) 370.5112 E-mail: fdixon1@rochester.rr.com    • Created project plan and collaborated with the IVR vendor and IVR Technical teams from gathering requirements, vendor application development based on requirements, installation,  testing, reporting, and final implementation of project to completion. Operations Support Manager XEROX CAPITAL SERVICES, LLC / GE CAPITAL - Rochester, NY May 2002 to May 2008 Managed operations support of Client Server, database, applications, and technical reporting to Xerox  Central Business Centers (CBC's) across multiple products and platforms through the maintenance of applications, networked systems and technical tasks. Liaison between technical teams and business  leaders through all phases of projects and operations.  • Successfully managed all Client Server Application projects developed for database and server  upgrades of Xerox Financial Systems. Responsible for managing several projects for the consolidation of servers and databases of Client Server applications used by call centers across the U.S. to common platforms.  • Facilitator of weekly meetings with all technical teams, business groups technical leads, and  business leaders to make sure projects stayed on track and within budget.  • Management of Client Server team during all phases of project and sign-off validation focal for all  technical teams after successful installation, implementation, testing and burn-in period.  • Coordinated, planned and executed all interoperability tests for all application implementations,  upgrades, and patches to ensure the integrity of a quality-controlled environment.  • Effectively managed all critical client server applications supporting CS order and inquiry  operations to maintain system availability which enabled business units to meet company  business goals.  • Technical focal for client server changes and user community support for client server application  issues by interaction with various internal and external support and development teams to resolve  customer and technical issues. Project Manager XEROX CAPITAL SERVICES, LLC / GE CAPITAL - Rochester, NY August 2000 to May 2002 Provided project management support to the EDI platforms of Xerox Central Business Centers (CBC's),  across multiple products and platforms through the management of applications, networked systems and technical tasks.  • Project Manager for the upgrade of EDI platforms from several proprietary solutions to synchronized platforms and processes.  • Managed our local technical teams to provide all necessary information to our chosen vendor to develop a new EDI product.  • Facilitator and Liaison between, vendor, technical teams and business groups.  • Successfully managed testing, validation, technical documentation, training and implementation  of new EDI application and upgrades to business units.  • Established operating procedures to streamline the transition of new enhancements and initiatives to Systems Operations to minimize disruption in support of the administrators in the  Central Business Centers across Xerox infrastructure and applications.  • Developed and implemented a Knowledge Tool Support Model across the organization as a detailed collection of processes, application documentation, workflow, support diagrams, and  tutorials for training. Education Master of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY Skills MS Office Suite, MS Project, Visio, • Information Technology • Processes and Procedures • Lean Six Sigma • IT Project Management • IT Instruction • Resource Allocation • Program Management • Quality Assurance • IT Implementation • Client Server Technology • Internet Technology • Relationship Building • IT Training • Green Belt Light • Networking and Marketing (10+ years)