MARKETPLACE OPS SPECIALIST MARKETPLACE OPS SPECIALIST MARKETPLACE OPS SPECIALIST Memphis, TN Work Experience MARKETPLACE OPS SPECIALIST NIKE September 2019 Manage customer purchase orders from Nike s largest retail accounts from order capture to delivery. Manage and track orders (focusing on At-Once, Futures and Contract orders) by utilizing various reports to ensure thorough, accurate, and timely delivery of all NIKE products. Communicate with account contacts and Nike internal partners through reports, as well as by phone and email. Develop and maintain positive relationships with account personnel and internal partners such as Finance, Delivery, Logistics, and Operations.  Respond to routine questions regarding order status and tracking information and work with internal partners including account services management to resolve moderately complex customer issues, such as pricing, delivery status requests, routing, rejections, materials issues, holds, delete deliveries, and stop shipments Prioritize, coordinate and process all sales orders throughout the entire process; analyze all purchase orders to ensure accuracy for terms and pricing, delivery information, vendor compliance and dates to reduce vendor chargebacks; execute order changes, track product delivery, order fill rates and resolve routing issues; track shipping and delivery activities; and run, analyze, and interpret order management reports (review and take action on Un-shippable orders, focus on Launch and AA orders) • Ensure compliance with company policies and processes • Responsible for learning and maintaining a thorough working knowledge of Nike products, policies, procedures, order processing systems and applicable programs by attending training and daily contact with accounts, reps, and various NIKE partners (work cross functionally when possible) • Prioritize emails, requests, and questions to ensure timely, effective, and efficient responses • Participate in on the job training and mentor new Specialists into the department • Keep up to date on systems functionality (SAP, Event Manager, Cognos) • Participate in problem solving activities (data gathering, root cause analysis and potential solutions) LOGISTICS SUPERVISOR November 2017 to March 2018 VERSANT  Oversee and conducted training of new or existing employees to include work methods and procedures, employee handbook, and safety training. Provided employees with timely and accurate feedback of performance reviews, disciplinary problems, material shortages, and equipment problems etc. when required or appropriate. Interface with team members and act as the first line of command in resolving problems and maintaining efficient, orderly workflow. Ensure on-time delivery, management of the flow of raw materials and control of inventory. Created and maintained a plant floor environment that promotes safety and the safe operation of the entire process. Continued assessment of cost reduction opportunities through the utilization of resources to remove process costs, improve efficiencies and develop creative staffing strategies. Maintained appropriate working relationships with internal and external customers and regulatory agency.  Maintain and improve high quality levels by ensuring that all work processes are performed correctly and accurately. Use SAP to transfer inventory from suppliers or production department and use to transfer within the company and to customers. IT INVENTORY SUPERVISOR BAPTIST HOSPITAL CORPORATE July 2011 to June 2016 Prepare Expediting Report and send to Vendor to obtain updated ETA's on open purchase orders update purchase orders with correct ETAs, if necessary.  Follow up and verify shipment date and regularly communicate updates or delays to buyers. Create pivot tables and reports daily for all Vendors and Hospitals.  Develop processing and training docs using lean manufacturing approach. Review Expediting Report to make sure all invoices are matched correctly and if not, request late or missing invoices from Vendors or work with Account Payable Department to resolve any discrepancies. Identifies and resolve problems in a timely manner gather and analyze information skillfully, develop alternative solutions and forecasts, sets and monitors reorder points. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from vendors, customers, management and inter-department staff. Capable of working with internal staff from other departments in a proactive and constructive manner. Keep accurate records of equipment inbound and outbound.  Ability to prioritize and manage multiple priorities/deadlines and shift priorities as necessary. Performed a wide variety of complicated tasks utilizing a wide degree of creativity and latitude. Approach others in a tactful manner. React well under pressure. Follow through on commitments. Prep various types of IT equipment for deployment. Detail Oriented - Attention to details and accuracy. IT PROJECT/OPS MANAGER FEDEX July 2011 to June 2016 Work directly with Packaging Optical Laser Image Capture Equipment director to process U.S. domestic air bills at OLVA and NQAA FedEx location.  Develop, implement and maintain policies, procedures and material control systems.  Development of employees in Operations including training, achieving productivity standards, company policies and procedures, and annual performance reviews.  Coach employees to use proper processes, safe work practices and team behavior.  Schedule and delegate work for the operations team. Organizes project work into manageable groups. Manage the facilities operation budget and achieve all operational standards and guidelines. Develop labor estimates, cost estimates, schedules, milestones, deliverables, and overall plans for projects. Cultivate a positive and innovative work environment. Ensure that appropriate timing, resources, and sequencing of the work efforts are aligned to produce the desired results within the project schedule. Ensure that project and product interdependencies within a program of multiple projects (and across other business lines and programs) are considered and are tracked as projects are planned and executed. IT INVENTORY MANAGER February 1994 to January 2000 TRANSACTIVE  Devise ways to optimize inventory control procedures.  Inspect the levels of business supplies and raw material to identify shortages.  Ensure product stock is adequate for all distribution channels and can cover direct demand from customers. Record daily deliveries and shipments to reconcile inventory.  Use software to monitor demand and document characteristics of inventory.  Place orders to replenish stock avoiding insufficiencies or excessive surplus.  Analyze data to anticipate future needs. Evaluate suppliers to achieve cost-effective deals and maintain trust relationships. Collaborate with warehouse employees and other staff to ensure business goals are met. Kept accurate records of all equipment in the State of Texas. Education DIPLOMA in FARRAGUT HIGH HUSTON TILLITSON UNIVERSITY - Austin, TX September 1991 to May 1993