Senior Security Consultant Senior Security Consultant Orlando, FL Work Experience Senior Security Consultant AT&T Cybersecurity Solutions - Fort Lauderdale, FL February 2017 to Present Key Responsibilities:  Working in the Governance, Risk & Compliance practice as well as the PCI practice. Performed risk assessments for customer engagements as assigned by management. Performed privacy audits as assigned by management. Trusted advisor to multiple customers.  Notable Contributions:  - Completed risk assessment for internal AT&T Treasury Department.  - Attained PCI-QSA Certification.  - Assisted with PCI-QSA assessments.  - Completed risk assessment for various clients utilizing NIST Risk Management Framework and privacy assessments for EU GDPR and HIPPA systems deemed in scope. Contractor Tyco Integrated Security - Boca Raton, FL August 2016 to January 2017 Key Responsibilities:  Working with the Governance, Risk, Security, and Compliance team. Assisting with SOX remediation efforts. Developing a PCI-DSS program for the global organization. Senior Manager Olympus Corp. Latin America Div - Miami, FL February 2015 to April 2016 Key Responsibilities:  Directed PMO overseeing key corporate programs in the areas of Security, Information Systems and Facility Management in the Latin America Region consolidating the medical device, surgical products, non-destructive testing, and service center lines of business under the same roof. Lead a team of 8 individuals dispersed in our subsidiaries (Miami, Mexico, Brazil, and Puerto Rico). Managed a combined budget of $7.6 Million.  Notable Contributions:  - Coordinated the remediation of findings from the entitlement review in order to ensure proper segregation of duties.  - Under the Facility Program the following projects were completed:  ? Mexico City facility build-out and move project. Managed $2-Million-dollar budget.  ? Miami LAD HQ lease negotiation project. Managed a $2-Million-dollar budget.  ? Puerto Rico lease negotiation and facility move project. Managed a $600,000 budget.  - Under the Security Program:  ? Directed security entitlement review for Mexico and Brazil subsidiaries.  ? Adoption of a corporate vendor for access control and closed circuit t.v. in Mexico and Puerto Rico facilities. Managed a $300,000 budget.  - Under the Information Technology Program, I managed and controlled OPEX and CAPEX for all projects in the Miami LAD HQ, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Brazil offices, $2.7 Million combined budget. Consultant, Senior Project Manager Leo and Associates LLC - Miramar, FL September 2013 to January 2015 Project Company Experiences:  Presidio Network Solutions, Prestige Cruise Holdings, Citrix Systems, Inc.  Key Responsibilities:  Orchestrated technology leadership initiatives including configuration, release, and risk management; accountable for Compliance Projects including AD Redesign, Application Entitlement Reviews, Data Governance, PCI DSS Remediation's, Roles and Responsibilities and Folders/Files Migrations.  Notable Contributions:  - Coordinated all Cisco infrastructure and programming of the wired and wireless networks for all campuses in MDC, ensuring proper security standards were considered.  - Managed an entitlement review process with all business owners of the organization.  - Developed procedures to establish data ownership for all shared data in the organization.  - Coordinated implementation of a tool to analyze internal systems for PCI, PII data.  - Investigated, reported and followed through on remediation for findings of PCI and PII data in all systems. Sr. IT Manager Canon Latin America, Inc - Miami, FL July 2006 to September 2013 Key Responsibilities:  Accountable for IT strategic and operational governance that delivered the alignment necessary with both the local business units and Canon USA IT Department; delivered engineering, architecture changes to necessary applications, databases, and servers for SOX compliance. presided over the network infrastructure, security, help desk, programming and data center operations; performed a key role in project planning, budgeting, and identification of resources needed including requisitioning for replenished goods/ services utilizing 3rd party vendors/ outsource partners. Managed a team of 7 direct reports and 20-30 indirect reports. Managed a combined budget for OPEX and CAPEX of $15+ Million dollars.  Notable Contributions:  - Developed KPI Metrics to track departmental performance, some of the metrics used were: Average cost to de-provision user accounts, mean time to resolution, % of unpatched systems, % of endpoints not scanned, # of open/closed tickets, % change in budget vs actual spend.  - Implemented IT Governance by utilizing a mix of COBIT 4.1 and ITIL Frameworks to develop a risk-based IT department that aligned with the business strategy this translated into the ability to support a 50+ million growth in revenue while maintaining the IT Department operations at/ or below corporate best practices.  - Developed corporate security strategy including, policy development, security architecture, incident response and periodic training to all users.  - Managed security authentication and access controls for platforms, network devices, applications and users and the integrations with the enterprise directory and other systems as required.  - Performed SOX internal audit in collaboration with the Internal Audit division of Canon USA HQ and following COSO framework principles.  - Performed internal penetration tests on B2B and B2C websites.  - Prepared compliance reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing measurement data and identifying trends.  - Performed annual IT Department assessment to ensure minimum-security compliance as required by NIST 800-53.  - Prevented compliance issues by collaborating with shared services organization at HQ.  - Conducted compliance assessments and followed up with remediation efforts by business owners.  - Conducted Business Impact Analysis for identification of risks in order to communicate potential issues to senior company executives.  - Established a Vendor Management Program, resulting in cost containment for the department by negotiating better agreements with selected vendors. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Programming EDP College Skills architecture (7 years), Governance (10+ years), NIST (9 years), Plex (7 years), Security (10+ years), Cybersecurity, Cyber Security, Fisma, Consulting, Information Security Certifications/Licenses CISSP CISM CISA CRISC CGEIT CIPM QSA CSM PMP LSSBB ITIL v3 CVE Additional Information Key Areas of Expertise    * Security Architecture & Engineering  * Risk Management Framework    * Project & Resource Estimation  * Privacy Program Management    * Change Management  * Project & Delivery Methodologies    * Business Process Improvements * Project Transition & Implementation * Network Infrastructure Oversight  * Database Architecture & Design * Technology Management & Deployment    Core Competencies    Information Technology Governance: Proficient at establishing governance framework that aligns Information Technology Strategy with Business Strategy to achieve the goals of the organization.  Security Architecture: Skilled in building secure networks following several industry standards and frameworks, NIST, FISMA, PCI-DSS, HIPPA, ISO 27001, ISO 17799. Adept at building security awareness programs, security policy development, and security audits.  Privacy Program Management: Knowledgeable in multiple privacy acts including the newly implemented European GDPR.  Change Management: Comprehensive knowledge of the process, tools and principles of change management with the ability to create guides/toolkits, communicate to stakeholders and identify continuous change actions.  Enterprise Architecture: Proficiently skilled in Enterprise Architecture and the methods and tools standardized by the TOGAF and Zachman Frameworks.  Business Process Analysis: Adept at exploring, designing, developing and testing Operational Business Processes with solid expertise in establishing operational specifications and formulating/ analyzing technical requirements.  Team Leadership: Capable of collaborating with teams in order to maintain professional standards. Great ability to provide direction, leadership, mentorship, develop relationships and maintain a favorable public relation.  Project Management: Strong project management skills with expertise in developing project plans, coordinating resources, supervising project teams, controlling budgets and managing delivery performance. Possess skills at developing and delivering progress reports, continuous improvement, project proposals, documentation, and presentations. Display success presiding over projects, leading network infrastructure projects and overseeing software development projects.    Technology Proficiency    Hardware: Cisco, Windows Server Dell i-Series HP AIX Tipping Point    Operating Systems: Windows Linux Unix OS/ 400  Languages: RPG Java C/C++ COBOL SQL T-SQL C# .NET OOD MVC3  Databases: Oracle DB2 Microsoft SQL Microsoft Access MySQL  Web: HTML CSS XML Java Script WordPress Joomla  Applications:  MS Office MS Project MS Visio MS Exchange MS Office 365 Lotus Notes Mindjet Daly Commerce Oracle JD Edward Oracle Financials PeopleSoft SAP Hyperion CA Plex CA 2E Changepoint Helpstar McAfee Symantec Clarity JIIRA Rally Solarwinds Backtrack Metasploit Nessus Webinspect Wireshark Appdetective Varonis