IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager Walnut, CA Technology management professional with extensive hardware and software experience leading system administrators and development teams to address business needs by developing and deploying systems of optimal complexity and cost. In-depth technical knowledge of recycling, healthcare and manufacturing environment, banking software architecture, and large public web site infrastructure. Proven strengths in problem solving and revenue generation. Record of promotions based on high level performance. International business experience. Fluent in English, Cantonese and Mandarin. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager ALLAN COMPANY - Baldwin Park, CA February 2011 to Present Manage and support 16 sites consisting of 350 users and is responsible for troubleshooting and diagnosing server and network problems.  • Implemented MPLS network for all 16 sites that consist of an active and backup Sonicwall firewall.  • Implemented Exchange 2010 mail server along with Google Postini for SPAM filtering.  • Converted the company's ERP running on RedHat Linux 6 into a virtual server using Hyper-V on Windows Server 2012 that allows live migration to be performed to another virtual server during disaster recovery.  • Converted the company's phone system to a VOIP phone system providing many phone features and significant cost savings.  • Responsible for overall planning, organization, support and execution of all IT functions including telephony and surveillance camera systems within the company.  • Provide technical support for all hardware and software issues on different platforms including Windows XP, 7, 8, RedHat Linux and Apple OS.  • Vendor / Supplier management of all copier, printers and toners, workstations and servers.  • Manage multiple concurrent projects along with the ability to deploy new systems and technologies in a fast moving environment. Network Manager / Sr. Network Administrator MEDFOCUS RADIOLOGY NETWORK - Santa Monica, CA February 2008 to December 2011 Lead a team of two full-time Network Administrators with significant emphasis in hands-on systems design and implementation of a network environment with 15 Windows 2003/2008 servers, Avaya IP telephony systems, and 100 users.  • Responsible for the installation, configuration, upgrade, support and administration of existing Windows 2003/2008 Servers in an Active Directory environment.  • Administer, maintain and implement policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the company infrastructure.  • Day to day network operations, monitoring and updates.  • Maintain timely and complete backup of all critical systems using Symantec Backup Exec.  • Setup, configure, manage and support Exchange 2007 e-mail servers.  • Install and setup VPN tunnels between remote users and the corporate office for remote access.  • Manage and support Kronos Workforce Central 6.0.  • Recommend and approve all computer and networking products' purchases.  • Install and configure DNS, DHCP and WINS on virtual servers using VMWare.  • Install and configure Netscreen 10 and Cisco ASA firewalls, Cisco routers and switches.  • Implement paperless network faxing by using Castelle FaxPress servers helping cut costs and promote a 'greener' environment.  • Install and configure SQL 2005 server to support the archiving of incoming and outgoing faxes.  • Maintain system documentations for routers, servers, network diagrams, and service contracts.  • Work with outside vendors to repair/replace damaged or non-functional hardware as necessary.  • Provide exceptional quality of service to clients and co-workers.  • Research, recommend and implement special projects as assigned. Project Manager / Sr. Programmer Analyst CITIBANK DEVELOPMENT CENTER - Los Angeles, CA January 2000 to January 2008 Managed the design, development, production support and maintenance of the application infrastructure of Citi.com (www.citi.com, www.citibank.com, www.citigroup.com) including the Approval Management System (AMS) and the Global Quality Network (GQN).  - AMS is the Web content management system for www.citi.com.  - GQN is an intranet website facilitated by Citibank Corporate Quality Office to communicate business results from quality initiatives.  • Lead developer for both AMS and GQN programming in Java, Lotus Notes formula language, LotusScript, HTML, and JavaScript.  • Hosted web sites for over 110 business units in 55 countries on www.citi.com. Oversaw and evaluated the completion of marketing, legal and technical reviews of new web sites prior to deployment. Provided technical consulting services to businesses.  • Saved $6MM annually by hosting Web sites with a unified architecture. Utilized a set of content management tools and generic applications within Continuity of Business (COB) compliant environments.  • Generated $2.5MM annual revenue through subscribed products and services, enabling department to become financially profitable since 2001.  • Sold products and services to meet worldwide business customer needs, 32% US and Canada and 68% international, through online demonstrations and prototyping.  • Initiated and implemented quarterly change requests for all infrastructure products by identifying, defining and confirming business requirements.  • Developed and maintained software architecture and infrastructure for Citibank.com. Defined and enforced technical standards. Site ranked No.1 by Gomez and received other prestigious industry awards for financial institution web sites.  • Recruited, interviewed, hired, and managed team, leading by example. Followed System Development Methodology and conducted project sizing, system design, functional design, software development, integration, quality assurance and deployment.  • Designed, maintained and deployed over 10 software releases yearly.  • Led programmers, testers, and system administrators in software development and system maintenance projects. Maximized each team member's broad range of skills through external and internal training, supervision and mentoring.  • Managed and installed numerous infrastructure components used on the Citi.com Web sites including Oracle databases, Netegrity SiteMinder, Lotus Domino servers, IBM DB2, MS SQL server, Windows 2000/2003 servers, Solaris 8/10 servers, BEA Weblogic, Microsoft IIS and Netscape iPlanet.  • Performed systems administration on all Lotus Domino, Windows and Solaris servers. This included installation of operating systems on new servers, patch installations, user account additions and deletions, network setup, and hardware/software troubleshooting.  • Maintained a 24x7 operational environment for all Solaris and Windows Web servers.  • Provided backup and failure recovery for all systems using Veritas NetBackup.  • Wrote product documentations (user guides, installation guides and operational guides).  • Consolidated inputs from other team members to write monthly status reports for senior management to review. Systems Administrator PERKIN ELMER OPTOELECTRONICS - Azusa, CA October 1997 to December 1999 Provided systems administration for 3 divisions (Electronic Products, Lighting Products, Electroformed Products) consisting of 150 users. This included the maintenance and support of all Windows and Netware servers and workstations.  • Integrated 3 divisions' separate ethernet network into one single LAN across an Optical Fiber backbone. This included the migration of 3 separate Netware 4.1 File Servers to a single Windows NT4 BDC Server and then configuring a CISCO router to join the corporate WAN domain.  • Installed and deployed Exchange Server 5.5 on a Compaq Proliant 3000 with Raid 5 setup to support email for all divisions. Migrated 'ORC Electronic Products' emails from Lotus Domino 4.6 to Exchange Server 5.5.  • Provided support (installation and maintenance) for various accounting and CAD/CAM software.  • Provided support for Cheyenne Arcserve tape backups.  • Provided administration support of Dataflo database.  • Upgraded the HP9000 Unix server from HP-UX 9.x to HP-UX 10.20. Education Master of Business Administration in Information Management CALIFORNIA STATE POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY September 2002 Bachelor of Electrical Engineering in Information Systems Engineering UNIVERSITY OF SYDNEY April 1997 Certifications/Licenses CCNP MCSE MCITP CCFE (Certified Computer Forensics Examiner) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows 2000/2003/2008/2012, Solaris 8/10, HP-UX, Linux, OSX  Email Systems: Lotus Notes, MailEnable, Exchange 5.5/2000/2003/2007/2010  Firewalls/Routers/Switches: Cisco ASA, Cisco Routers and Switches, HP Switches, Netscreen and SonicWall Firewalls  Programming Languages:Lotus Notes Formula, LotusScript, C, Visual Basic, Perl, Python, x86 Assembly, Pascal, Java, JSP, Java Servlets, Struts, XML, ASP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax  Web Servers: Lotus Domino 4/5/6/7/8, Netscape iPlanet, SunOne, Microsoft IIS, IBM Websphere, Apache, Tomcat, Interwoven, BEA Weblogic  Virtual Servers: VMWare, Hyper-V  Security and Encryption: DES, Entrust, Netegrity SiteMinder, SSH  Database Applications: Oracle, IBM DB2, MySQL, MS SQL Server, MS Access