Field Support Specialist Field Support Specialist Springfield, IL Work Experience Field Support Specialist Welch Systems Inc - Peoria, IL 2013 to 2018 Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving customer equipment concerns. Successfully diagnosed  and repaired issues using electronic, mechanical and computer expertise.    • Provided recommendations for new and used equipment based on customers budget as well as current  and future needs. Account Manager Robert Half Technology - Hoffman Estates - Schaumburg, IL 2012 to 2013 • Prospected and conducted in-person meetings with key managers and executives to promote services to prospective clients while building on existing client relationships. Used business development skills and  technical background to develop and grow client base by marketing services for contract and full-time  staffing solutions.    • Placed highly skilled IT professionals for high demand positions and skill sets. Maintained contact with supervisors to determine candidates' suitability to support and resolve specific client needs. Strategized  with team members to accomplish weekly business growth goals. Project Manager / Account Executive Nelix, Inc and Nelix Transax - Schaumburg, IL 2006 to 2011 • Exceeded sales quotas for Custom Web Development, Search Engine Optimization, Internet Marketing, Merchant Accounts, and a variety of other company services.  • Directly managed 80 projects for web development clients with duties including: communication of client expectations to design and development teams, ensuring client expectations are in line with scope  and budget while ensuring customer satisfaction.  • Trained and introduced clients to new, cost effective marketing techniques using Twitter, Micro- blogging, Search Engine Optimization, Email Marketing, LinkedIn and other Social Real Estate  methods. Web / IT Manager U.S. Residential - Palatine, IL 2005 to 2007 Developed and maintained multiple websites and marketing campaigns for the Marketing and Sales  departments for two properties in Northern Illinois with over 1000 units and one property in Naples, Florida with 400 units.  • Effectively communicated site goals and design preferences to owners and team members to develop, revise and deliver products within scope that best met internal needs, cost and expectation.  • Responsible for the purchasing, deployment and maintenance of multiple computer networks, phone  systems, copiers and other electronic systems. Founder, President RM Interactive, Inc - Schaumburg, IL 2005 to 2007 Secured web development projects on a regular basis. Core services revolved around consulting, developing and managing each project and its team members. Existing clients followed RM Interactive to Nelix, Inc. Education Bachelor of Fine Arts in Interactive Media Design and Development The Illinois Institute of Art 2001 to 2005 Skills CSR, Customer Support, Call Center, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Data Entry, Customer Service, Direct Support, Apple