General Manager General <span class="hl">Manager</span> General Manager - EQUAL AIR BALANCE COMPANY Yorba Linda, CA Information Technology professional with experience as a Project Manager, Technical Business Analyst, System's Analyst, System Designer and System Administrator. Manage multiple domestic and international projects in software development, integration, implementation and regulation focusing on high quality results. Professional skills include:  PMP Certified 6-Sigma Green Belt Scrum Master Certified  Project Management Business Analysis Software Development  Resource Management System Analysis System Administration Work Experience General Manager EQUAL AIR BALANCE COMPANY - San Dimas, CA July 2018 to Present • Environment: QuickBooks, MS Access, Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel  • Overseeing the back-end of the Air Balancing office. This includes Bids, Coding and Reports processing. Creating a database that linked all three systems so that the same data is used throughout the company.  • Analyzed and implemented processes with the Superintendent to improve the efficiency of that position. Proposed modifications to ensure that tasks are being tracked, which will provide better communication with the office, vendors and field technicians. IT Project Manager/Business Analyst JACUZZI WORLDWIDE HEADQUARTERS - Chino Hills, CA May 2016 to March 2018 • Environment: AS/400, Falcon 3X+ Scanners, KBM, System 21, ServiceCEO, QlikView, Wavelink, MercuryGate, Salesforce, COBOL, RPG, XML, Sequel, Query/400, CL, SDA, DB/400, MS Access, Outlook, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, Citrix.  • Worked on full SDLC project that included the Project Plan, coding, monitored project, mapped, trained, system test, user acceptance test, implementation and post-implementation follow-up.  - Designed and implemented the transfer of customer data from KBM to Salesforce using XML. This process allowed the Sales Department to have up-to-date customer data in their system.  - Designed and implemented the transfer of manufacturing data from KBM to MercuryGate (Transportation System) using XML. This package allowed the Transportation Department to easily and efficiently schedule delivery of spas.  - Planned and implemented Scanners and Pick List programming for the warehouse. This project automated the warehouse to go paperless and scan for parts used in the creation of spas. IT Project Manager/Business Analyst EQUAL AIR BALANCE COMPANY - Orange, CA October 2014 to March 2016 • Environment: QuickBooks, MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel and used scrum methodology  • Worked on full SDLC project that included the Project Plan, monitored project, mapped, trained, system test, user acceptance test, implementation and post-implementation follow-up.  - Planned, Implemented and migrated legacy computer system to a pair of servers. This will allow the business to centralize computer systems and grow over the next 10-15 years.  - Planned and implemented an accounting system which included general ledger, payroll, accounts receivable and accounts payable. This project allowed the Client to consolidate accounting function, create reports and create 1099s. IT Project Manager/Systems Analyst II for Integrated Systems Management SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON - Irwindale, CA December 2013 to July 2014 • Environment: MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, Lotus Notes, COBOL, JCL, TSO, FTP, MFT and used scrum methodology  • Worked on a full SDLC project that includes creating project plan, meeting with users, collecting information, creating request, allocating task to MFT and development team, daily team meetings and create weekly status reports.  - Plan and monitor tasks for a project that is relocating folders and scripts from the FTP server to the MFT server. Applied changes to COBOL programs and JCL on the mainframe to point to the MFT server. This allowed the MFT department to securely manage scripts, decommission unused scripts and decommission the FTP server. This included over 150 users and 700 programs, scripts and files. IT Project Manager for Transmission and Distribution (TDBU) SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON - Cucamonga, CA January 2009 to October 2009 through Global Cynex/Computer Science Corporation), Ranch Cucamonga, CA Jan 2009 - Oct 2009  IT Project Manager for Transmission and Distribution (TDBU)  • Environment: Lotus Notes, Lotus Notes DocLib, Visio, PowerPoint, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Project, Hummingbird Software, ClickSoftware, SAP Financial and SAP ERP.  • Worked on full SDLC projects for ITSD (PMO). Includes the creation of Pre-SOW, Planning SOW, and Design SOW, System Development Plan, conducting regular meetings, monitoring projects, project testing, implementation, closing projects and post-implementation follow-up.  - Planned, managed and implemented a project to optimize a scheduling package. This was a four-month, $150,000 project with a team of 15 resources. This project allowed the Client to schedule resources and time better; creating a 10% savings.  - Planned, managed and implemented a project for transferring data from Development Planning System to SAP and then to a Ledger Accounting System. This was a 6-month, $420,000 project with a team of 30 resources. This project eliminated double entry into the Development Planning System and SAP and moved needed information to the LAS system. IT Project Manager THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY - Burbank, CA September 1998 to June 2008 for Disney ABC International Television  • Environment: AS/400, iSeries, HP Servers, RSS, Radar, GetPaid, SAP, PeopleSoft, COBOL, RPG, SQL, Query/400, CL, SDA, DB/400, Oracle, DB2, Sybase, MS Access, Outlook, Visio, Powerpoint, MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, Citrix, Cognos Framework Manager and ReportNet, SharePoint and BusinessObjects  • Duties included Business Analyst, Project Manager, System Administrator, and DBA. Responsible for the SDLC for over 25 projects for the Finance Department. This included initiating project, creating project plan, executing the plan, monitoring project, system testing, user training, closing project and post- project follow-up.  - System administrator to three AS/400s, two HP Servers and one Windows-based server. Responsible for day-to-day operation, O/S updates, Hardware Upgrades or implementations, and Vendor Software updates.  - Coordinated and implemented a move and upgrade of AS/400s, Unix-based and window-based servers from Burbank, CA to Columbus, Ohio. Managed resources over 30 people from IBM, Disney IT, Disney Finance and ABC IT on this 2 ½ year, $2,000,000 project. This allowed the Business Unit to centralize operations.  - Analyzed, mapped and implemented the interface between the Business Unit's General Ledger and Corporate McCormack & Dodge, PeopleSoft and SAP accounting systems. This allowed the Business unit to upload data to Corporate financial reporting and became the Business Unit's SME for SAP.  - Created and administered Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) IT requirements into SOX narrative and control matrix. Business Unit was always SOX compliant for quarterly reviews.  - Managed and implemented Y2K changes to servers and accounting system, including resources of over 30 people from Burbank IT and Finance, London IT and Finance, Vendors and Corporate IT on this 9-month, $550,000 project. There were over 1000 files and 1500 programs updated. Education BS in Business Administration Majored in Accounting in Business Administration Majored University of La Verne - Los Angeles, CA BS in Business Administration Majored in Computer Information Systems in Business Administration Majored California Polytechnic University of Pomona - Pomona, CA Skills Excel, Ms excel, Lotus notes, Outlook, Powerpoint, Ms word, Word, Ms project, Visio, Fortran, Rexx, Cognos, Sharepoint, Qlikview, Db2, Ms access, Oracle, Sql, Sybase, Vsam, training, Operations, Inventory, Scheduling, Payroll Additional Information Operating Systems: OS/400, MS Windows, Unix, VM/IS and VM/CMS  Databases: DB/400, MS Access, Oracle, DB2, Sybase, VSAM, and Ramis  Software:  Outlook, Zoho, Lotus Notes, Lotus Notes DocLib, Visio, PowerPoint, Query/400, CL, SDA, Compleo, XL/400, Lansa, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Project, Citrix, Cognos Framework Manager and ReportNet, SharePoint, BusinessObjects, ISPF, TSO, MVS/JCL and Rexx    Programming Languages: COBOL, SQL, RPG/400, Java, Fortran and Basic  Systems:  QuickBooks, KBM, System 21, ServiceCEO, QlikView, MercuryGate, Salesforce, NetSuite, Piracle Create-A-Check, Hummingbird Software, ClickSoftware, RSS, Radar, GetPaid, SAP, PeopleSoft, McCormack and Dodge General Ledger and Accounts Payable, DCO Worker's Compensation System