Strategic Project Manager Strategic <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Strategic Project Manager - Philadelphia Newspapers, Inc Media, PA In today’s highly competitive global economy, a dedicated team with a drive for excellence is critical to ensuring the completion of integral projects.    As a Strategic Project Manager, I have built a reputation for creating a dynamic, diverse, and thriving culture of collaboration and achievement -- essential for achieving project goals and objectives. For 23+ years, I have directed, oversaw, and planned high visibility projects to mitigate scope creep and need for aggressive project timelines.    In my current role, I lead and collaborate on multi-PM programs that impact several divisions, including marketing, advertising, circulation, newsroom, and IT. Additionally, I provide strategic management to project teams and collaborate with stakeholders throughout all phases of projects.    I am adept in leveraging my knowledge, skills, and expertise to manifest company visions by maintaining clarity of purpose and unwavering commitment. My passion for creating inclusive teams has boosted innovation, performance, and productivity – allowing for high-end results. I also have a unique talent for cultivating cross-functional collaboration, building stakeholder relationships, and improving processes necessary to enhancing the potential of organizations.    A summation of my skills includes:     ? Program Management   ? Project Management  ? Project Planning  ? Resource Management   ? Project Team Building   ? Risk Mitigation  ? Budgeting and Cost Control  ? Stakeholder Engagement   ? Process Improvement   ? Policies and Procedures   ? Performance Management   ? Best Practices   ? Interpersonal Communication   ? Negotiation Skills    I am looking to network on LinkedIn with colleagues and professionals. Please connect with me on LinkedIn or via email: bgarvin@philly.com. Work Experience Strategic Project Manager Philadelphia Newspapers, Inc - Philadelphia, PA 2017 to Present Provide leadership and collaboration in multi-PM programs impacting several divisions, including marketing, advertising, circulation, newsroom, and IT. Manage project teams and collaborate with stakeholders throughout all phases of projects.  Key Achievements:  • Brought value, experience, and direction to organization by collaboratively standing-up a Project Management Office (PMO) of 5 Project Managers reporting to CIO.  Digital Transformation Initiative Leadership:  • Led eight-week long project for aggressive installation of metered paywall solution to facilitate conversion of readers to subscribers while digitally viewing PMN's online content.  ? Achieved goals utilizing Scrum daily stand-ups, including C-Level sponsors.  • Collaborated with Lead PM in implementation of digital first publishing system (ARC). Project price point - $1.5M.  • Currently leading Salesforce B2C implementation impacting marketing, circulation, finance, product, and IT. Project price point - $3M. IT Project Manager and Auditor 2004 to 2017 Spearhead coordination of system and functional requirements between multiple teams. Developed budgets, timelines, and communication overviews for executive management team. Drove project's adherence to service level agreements, escalation procedures, data delivery schedules, and regulatory compliance requirements.    IT Project Manager and Auditor .)  Key Achievements:  • Fulfilled key role as Technical Co-Lead during 4-month SAP implementation to avoid $1M budget overrun; Areas of involvement included vendor review and selection, kick-off meeting coordination, blueprinting, knowledge transfer, and training.  • Monitored project plans, tracked action items, escalated issues, and compiled project health reports & budget statuses to executive sponsors and stakeholders.  • Pioneered implementation of The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News on Amazon's Kindle Reader.  • Ensured the organization's business continuance efforts by leading and organizing Disaster Recovery efforts, including risk management, gap analysis, progress management, test event coordination, functional resource participation, and test result assembly.  • Achieved cost containment objectives and acquired new technological opportunities by negotiating contract renewal terms and conditions.  • Identified, communicated and assisted in the remediation of potential audit/compliance risks by collaborating with the CIO and IT management teams, prepared IT teams for audits, assembled and delivered PBCs to both internal and external auditing teams. Telecommunications Manager 2002 to 2004 Delivered telecommunication-related consulting services to internal client groups. Expertly managed 3 unionized telecommunication specialists and 2 independent contractors. Oversaw daily operation of staff, provided project management and directed resources, managed the department's salary and operational budgets. Negotiated contracts and maintenance agreements.  Key Achievements:  • Led program initiatives designed to improve client group effectiveness and achievement of business objectives.  • Reduced costs by coordinating migration from SMDS facilities to Frame in 37 circulation warehouse and 15 editorial satellite location; Reinvested savings from migration into Disaster Recovery Planning Telecommunications Systems Analyst 1996 to 2002 Collaborated with departments in design and project management of telecommunication-related services. Performed system information planning and analysis to support telecommunication infrastructure (GSP, PBX, IVR, CMS and Voicemail).  Key Achievements:  • Improved customer relations by partnering with call center managers in identification, design, and implementation of new technologies.  • Enhanced knowledge and skills of client groups by providing training on new telecommunications software following system upgrades to existing and newly introduced technologies. Education Master's Degree - 1 semester in Secondary Education LaSalle University - Philadelphia, PA Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science Rutgers University - Camden, NJ Skills Mantis, Project planning, Pci, Sox, Dsdm Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)