IT Associate Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Associate <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Associate Manager - Walgreens Hoffman Estates, IL Work Experience IT Associate Manager Walgreens - Deerfield, IL August 2017 to Present Deerfield, Illinois August 2017 - Present  Fortune 50 pharmacy retail chain with thousands of stores specializing in prescription dispensing and healthcare.  IT Associate Manager  As IT Associate manager, responsible for four IT Run Ops Capabilities established to provide service to multiple departments within Walgreens. Initially established federated change advisory board which set precedent for how most other IT departments run change management. Key voting member in enterprise change advisory board. Within 14 months, lead two organizational mergers of departments saving $1.3M per fiscal year. Established quality metrics to adjust and tune deployment management process. Lead and manage Central Store Operations support for almost 10000 stores. Established Central Conversion process review to reduce time and deploy changes more frequently to adjust to regulatory needs. Strategized and lead project outcomes for key business initiatives to maximize return of investment.  Acquired and lead best practices-focused teams consistently providing support exceeding client expectations, while establishing structure and controls for pharmacy IT run ops and guiding company through budget cuts while keeping service level    Pharmacy IT Run Ops Contributions  ? Lead major and troubleshooting incidents with long term solution opportunities: Printing Patient Records for doctors/patients, electronic prescription updates, mail order batch job resolution  ? Defined the following processes for Pharmacy IT CAB: Intake, Expedited Change Review, Configuration Item Review, Disaster Recovery Environment Review    ? Collaborated enterprise-wide Infrastructure Maintenance Windows with in IT Infrastructure Teams  ? Program Managed major incident dashboard to reduce mean time to restore systems during a major incident  ? Played key role in merging organizational change to adhere to two towers in Retail and Pharmacy IT Operations Department by executing synergies for Run-Ops activities.  ? Established Lower Environment Deployment management processes and metrics driven process improvement to achieve LEAN Six Sigma standards  ? Lead training for Central Store Support activities to establish 24 x 7 coverage of Pharmacy Stores PMO and Project Management Randstad Technologies - Deerfield, IL May 2017 to August 2017 methodologies for multiple clients  Senior IT Project Manager  Joined as Senior Project Manager to roll out Hand Held mobile applications and devices supporting the technology transformation initiative at Walgreens. Rolled out hand held devices to almost 4000 stores using the FedEx OnSite application which allows customers with labeled packaged goods additional drop-off and pickup sites for FedEx to ship goods nationally.  Planned and executed two projects to manage device and application rollouts as part of the Horizon Program within Walgreens as the company transforms technology within the stores. Reduced device cost by getting iOS devices replaced in stores for FedEx onsite.    ? Lead and managed FedEx Onsite project through user-acceptance testing, pilot, and chain-wide rollout. Established SCRUM sessions to resolve production issues and device rollout schedules to optimize performance of the Android application.  ? Lead and managed the All Touch Terminal Emulation project through three development phases to replace Telxon devices within the stores. The applications associated were to have a user friendly interface to manage inventory in the store.  ? Aligned release schedules from multiple departments to streamline deployments using the Horizon program release calendar. IT Project Manager Brightstar Corporation - Libertyville, IL July 2015 to May 2017 Libertyville, Illinois July 2015 - May 2017  Multimillion dollar corporation that supplies mobile devices for multiple clients primarily serving as a Sprint Distributor  IT Project Manager  Certified IT Project Manager who implemented multiple programs for Sprint, Best Buy, Apple, Robotics and Warehouse Optimization for a supply chain specialist for mobile devices. Managed Sprint Verso program to optimize forward and reverse operations for inventory management. Established Intake process for implementing enhancements to production issues.  ? Established waterfall process for multiple projects with sign-offs from key stakeholders and executive leadership  ? Optimized reporting to steering committees and PMO process for handling change against a project  ? Planned reporting solutions project in 2-week sprints to implement Finance, Reverse Operations, Inventory Management and Forward Operations  ? Managed projects and programs up to $1.5M in budget    IT Solutions Manager  IT Solutions Manager who delivered strategic solutions for Sprint, Radio Shack, Apple, Rogers Telecom, Indis, Walmart, IBM and Best Buy specializing in operations for warehouse management and JDE ERP. Established joint application design sessions and estimate standards with business and IT partners. Developed and improved intake process for project work. Conducted IT audit of project spend for multiple programs and completed solution to reduce $2.5M of cost reduction.  ? Delivered Sprint Special Projects after reworking initial solution collaborating with Reverse Operations SME  ? Defined project and development SDLC with Director of PMO to streamline releases  ? Audited 2 projects to reduce operational spend  ? Established IT templates for project governance and execution Staff Apex Systems Incorporated - Deerfield, IL September 2014 to July 2015 augmentation firm that supplies project and program managers to client requirements for multiple clients  IT Infrastructure Project Manager  IT Infrastructure Project Manager who planned multiple projects establishing lower environment deployments for key strategic initiatives for Walgreens. Established certificate upgrades process for lower environments for stores and central servers.  ? Planned and implemented a development environment for key application in 6 weeks. Estimated work was 6+ months.  ? Improved non-functional requirements document to intake infrastructure work for application development projects  ? Established repeatable certificate upgrades for lower environments for credit card processing in mail order pharmacy  ? Developed training material for other project managers on the team to reduce environment setup time    IT Program Manager  IT Program Manager responsible and accountable for releases in multiple environments at Walgreens. Managed releases with multiple projects to deliver initiatives for electronic prescriptions. Managed Windows 7 infrastructure upgrade release to update Walgreens to current technology.  ? Lead and managed two releases of 7-10 application development projects. Lead change request initiatives for lower environment work.  ? Established deployment planning process for lower environments to streamline delivery of release  ? Forecasted project manager work for two releases and provided execution within 3-5% of estimated hours  ? Created requirements, project plan, and process templates for project managers to plan and execute work PMO and Project Management Randstad Technologies - Lake Zurich, IL June 2014 to September 2014 methodologies for multiple clients  Business Systems Analyst  Model N Business Systems analyst who support ETL integration and Model N application support to Fresenius Kabi, a pharmacy manufacturer of generic prescription medicine. Business areas supported are as follows: Chargeback Processing, Contract Entry and Compliance, Rebates, Government Reporting, Medicaid Rebates.  ? Reprogrammed direct sales transaction interface from SAP to Model N to include key fields for government reporting  ? Streamlined process for continuous flow of customer and product data from SAP to Model N.  ? Developed reports for contract compliance to create action based plans on contract performance Technical Analyst and Solution Architect PwC - Chicago, IL April 2012 to April 2013 Chicago, Illinois April 2012 - April 2013  Big 4 consulting firm that also consulted in the Life Sciences area working with Pharmacy manufacturers and Wholesale Distributors  Technical Analyst and Solution Architect  Collaborative Technical Analyst and Solution Architect who developed solutions to optimize four business areas concentrating on generic pharmaceutical medicine distribution. While working for McKesson, multiple documents were developed to define and roadmap systems to maximize profits for their generics business.  ? Developed conceptual architecture for current state blueprint of systems including McKesson's SAP system, Vistex System, Data Warehouse, Customer Relationship Management, Supplier Pricing Systems, and Retail Pricing Systems  ? Analyzed business process and created a diagram on how each business area interacted with each other to find synergies and optimize communication gaps  ? Created governance documents to establish business transformation roadmap  ? Planned design activities for business transformation  EDI Integration Lead and Technical Analyst  Lead EDI integration design and implementation for a Model N implementation for EMD Serono. Established EDI interfaces for Chargeback Processing, Contract Communication, Purchase Orders, and Product Inventory.  ? Lead design and interface mapping of multiple EDI interfaces to and from Model N system  ? Developed conceptual architecture for current state blueprint of systems including McKesson's SAP system, Vistex System, Data Warehouse, Customer Relationship Management, Supplier Pricing Systems, and Retail Pricing Systems  ? Lead and managed design of master data and transactional data using web services from SAP to Model N  ? Planned deployment of Model N in three phases to accommodate government reporting timelines  Technical Analyst  Lead demonstration of Model N to Gilead as the company was looking to upgrade their current Model N environment  ? Converted master data and transactional data for Model N demonstration  ? Designed and developed dataflows for commercial processes within Model N such as: Contract Entry and Activation, Chargeback setup, GPO Fees, Rebates, Sales Processing Various positions October 2003 to April 2012 as a Project Manager, Technical Analyst, Business Systems Analyst, and Software Developer at several professional services and consulting firms specializing in system implementation and software support. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Missouri - Rolla, MO May 2003 Skills Pmi, Rup, Change management, Deployment, Application design Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/noel-mcelroy-pmp-8a99a93a