Senior Program Manager Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project and Program Manager Hollywood, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Program Manager Confidential - Fairfield, CA July 2018 to Present • County Assessment and Taxation System (CATS) Program.   Senior Project Manager for this $10M multi-year project where I am leading the huge effort to replace and modernize the county’s 35 year old property management system which is the core system used by the Assessor Recorder, Auditor Controller and Tax Collectors Offices.    This program has multiple projects. I am managing the overall program plus some of the key projects. I also perform a lot of forecasting, budgeting and am involved in portfolio revenue and contract discussions. I host monthly Executive Steering Committee meetings as well as many meetings with various teams. Senior Project Manager PG&E - San Francisco, CA September 2017 to July 2018 • Qualified Supplier List Project.   Project Managed an SAP application development Agile project which minimized unapproved materials being used in the field by implementing a PO blocking tool as well as through a newly developed approval workflow and Search tool.    • OASIS Project.   Managed a project to replace various aspects of SRM (Supply Chain: Requisitions, PO's and contracts) with Ariba. PDX Host Consolidation Project Safeway - Livermore, CA March 2016 to August 2017 Livermore, CA 3/2016 to 8/2017  Albertsons acquired Safeway so I had to lead a number of projects involving the consolidation of systems and processes. A lot of interfacing with the business as well as with Subject Matter Experts for different systems was needed as there were a lot of dependencies.    • PDX Host Consolidation Project. Currently three host systems control and interface with over 1000 PDX Classic and EPS stores. Each host controls different functionalities with some overlap due to similarities between Safeway and Albertsons. Currently consolidating these three hosts into one brand new one. Lead interactions with over a dozen vendors, over 1000 interfaces, transaction data, third party plans, drug file data and drug ordering.    • B50 Remediation Project. B50 servers at many stores are end of life and also the company directive was to get off AIX in preference for Red Hat. This project involved migrating 700 stores from B50 hardware running on AIX to virtual servers running Red Hat.    • Central Fill Project. A Central Fill location provides the service of automatic filling of prescriptions as opposed to filling prescriptions manually at stores. I lead this project to introduce Innovations PharmAssist Dispensing and Symphony Workforce Management tool which allowed much higher volumes for prescriptions to be automatically processed.    • Ponca Project. Needed to stop the ordering of pharmacy drugs from the Ponca warehouse and to ensure that all ordering goes through McKesson. Senior Project Manager PG&E - San Francisco, CA March 2015 to March 2016 Senior Project Manager managing multiple GigE SIP trunk infrastructure projects starting from the analysis, design and building out the infrastructure and testing it in a lab environment (including disaster recovery) to replicating the lab work in production to finally moving live traffic from an existing carrier to new carriers with this new infrastructure and managing the many issues and risks that arose from each of these stages. Some of my projects are listed below.    • AT&T SIP Trunk Project. Setup & tested SIP infra in lab before replicating in Prod at Data Centers in Fairfield and SF using BGP-R (for call maintenance) and BVOIP (to allow many concurrent calls) and IPFlex Reach. Cutting over Toll Free numbers from OC3 to AT&T.    • Telepacific SIP Trunk Project. Setup & tested SIP infra in lab (including DR) before replicating in prod including ACME, CUBE, BGP, Nuance, CUCM, CVP. Currently cutting over DID and DOD numbers from Level 3 to Telepacific at over 700 PG&E sites which are a mix of SIP, PRI and Intecom sites.    • UCCE ECP SIP Trunk Project. Managing infrastructure setup in Prod between Data Centers in Fairfield and Rancho Cordova in preparation for cutting over liver traffic to these trunks. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Safeway - Pleasanton, CA June 2014 to March 2015 Senior Infrastructure Project Manager for a large Contact Center project and a large Pharmacy IVR project. I lead the buildout of these SIP VOIP infrastructure projects. I managed resources to meet deadlines and I have submitted resource requests as well as requests for Safeway IT services through the company's RIT process.     I have processed purchase order requests for buying hardware, software and professional services. Negotiated contracts and obtained the best quotes. Had to manage resources from multiple vendors like Cisco, Spinsci, Aspect, OpenText and IIS as well as many Safeway employees and consultants.    I lead the building out and upgrading of the latest version Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise solution and the Pharmacy IVR solution in multiple data centers and also ensure that failover and disaster recovery work as expected.     Ensured thorough testing was completed and QA and Production labs created and built out before rolling out software and hardware in new stores. My projects also involved having to manage vendors and resources located all across the US, India and Manila as well as to ensure all resources were working towards meeting their deliverables on time and to a high quality.     I also had to order networking and VoIP equipment, get them configured, racked, staked and cutover during their rollout into Safeway many stores. Senior Project Manager PG&E - San Francisco, CA June 2012 to June 2014 Senior Project Manager managing multiple infrastructure projects which involved designing and implementing new infrastructure for different parts of the business as described below and also becoming an expert at the processes that needed to be followed including SAP financial tracking, PPMC, BPC/PRJ Forecasting, Clearance Requests, Staffing Requests, Status Reporting, PO Generation using EDRS to upload SOWs and Quotes.    * VSAT Satellite Project. PG&E has over 900 substations which uses copper hardwire connections to network devices that monitor the distribution of electricity to the local areas. Since many of these substations were in remote locations, getting hardwire connection to them was very costly so a satellite solution was implemented for those locations for which I managed the rollout.     This involved managing the following: performing a survey at the site to see the best location to put the satellite dish, determine any constraints or issues that had to be resolved (like very low or very high temperatures that could affect the hardware sitting un-manned in the field), get IP addresses and firewall rules, install the hardware and then test connectivity from the remote network devices to the remote substation all the way to the centralized Network Operating Center.    * Telvent Optic Fiber Project.   This was a $4M multi-year project. Currently PG&E has over 3,000 miles of fiber optic cables running throughout California connecting hundreds of locations.     There is not centralized location containing all the information of this fiber. Currently all the information are spread out across spreadsheets, paper and typed out notes, some as old as 15 years and 40% of the information was not created so when issues arose (due to a problem with a fiber connectivity box) it would take a long time to resolve.     This project involved collecting all the information that's currently out there, filling in the gaps and entering all that information into a centralized system called Telvent Fiber Manager. I was the sole project manager for this project.    * Telenium Monitoring Project.   Telenium is a system wide monitoring and reporting tool. If any issues arise with the network, it sends out alerts and other information related to those issues and sends all that information to the Network Operating Center.     Since this system monitors all of PG&E's 6,000 network devices it is an extremely important system. I project managed lifecycling out the old servers located in the data centers at San Francisco and Fairfield and put in new servers in two brand new data centers.     This was not a simple replace of servers project. Due to the need to install the new servers in the new data centers there was a lot of architecture and design needed due to ODN and UDN networks being involved and a DMZ had to be created with new IP blocks and firewall rules. One of the new data centers does not currently have ODN so new routing rules had to be established.    * There were many other infrastructure projects I managed which involved analysis and architecting out the system, ordering servers and other hardware and going through the various Project Success Criteria and ensuring all the documentation was in place. Below are some of the initiatives I previously created and lead Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA April 2011 to May 2012 San Francisco, CA 4/2011-5/2012  * Technical project manager managing multiple complex projects all related to online payment services. I was one of the PM's on the huge and complex P2P project which recently and successfully got deployed into production along with all it's other dependent systems. I am also directing deployments and managing releases and performing sizing and financial forecasts as well as capacity analysis for projects going in the same release. Performed a lot of issue tracking and risk mitigation.  * Previously, I was part of the PMO and was the Risk and Controls Project Manager for the big Wells Fargo-Wachovia consolidation effort. I had to matrix manage with over 25 project managers comprising 70 applications (mostly using Java/J2EE technology).  * Below are some of the initiatives I previously created and lead:  * I was also instrumental in migrating status reporting onto Planview for all 70 applications where previously status reporting was performed on Sharepoint.  * I integrated and streamlined the Change Request process into Planview so that all change requests for the program were captured into Planview and none slipped through the cracks.  * I was one of the key people in the Capacity Planning & Analysis effort  * I was one of the key people to ensure all PM's completed their EPM Deliverables. Account Director Client Autonomy - Pleasanton, CA January 2011 to April 2011 * Autonomy is the biggest Software company in the UK and has HQ's in Cambridge, UK and San Francisco.  * I managed a portfolio of concurrently running client projects.  * Gave strategic direction to my projects by performing implementation planning, resource management and stakeholder management as well as implemented best practices and risk management plans.  * Performed daily interactions with the PMO and form relationships with the key stakeholders as sometimes I needed to negotiate and influence outcomes.  * I also performed client resolution activities where I liaised with different Lines of Business, IT Business partners and IT leadership as well as various IT departments to ensure the strategic direction is being maintained.  * Manage other Project Managers. One focus was on resolving client issues. Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA May 2010 to December 2010 Worked at Wells Fargo twice. This is the first time and a placeholder to show the dates of employment. See above 2nd and 3rd bullet points for details of my activities. Senior Project Manager Standard Staffing - Martinez, CA November 2008 to April 2010 Martinez, CA 11/2008-4/2010  * Started and built up an IT staffing company from the ground up. Performed marketing and business development. Found resources for companies and also executed on IT projects to make sure they were delivered on time and to a high quality.  * Completed PMP and RMP certifications (PMP= Project Management Professional, RMP=Risk Management professional) Senior Project Manager PG&E - San Francisco, CA May 2008 to October 2008 * I played a key role in the successful deployment of the data conversion part of the $76 million legacy to SAP integration and migration project called the Nexus project.    * Developed a strategic level plan. I had responsibility of a portfolio of projects on which I had to perform implementation planning, resource management and stakeholder management as well as implementing best practices and risk management plans.    * Although my project was a subset of the overall Nexus project, my project touched every part of the business where the mainframe system had to be migrated to SAP. I provided leadership and ensured departments were communicating, systems were interacting as well as implementing streamlining activities.    * I coordinated three operational readiness tests (ORTs) utilizing 75 individuals and 10 departments. All of the ORTs were required as preparation for the final move into production which I also played a key role coordinating efforts and being one of the managers of the deployment control room.    * For this large project with many moving parts I developed a Risk Management Plan to identify potential risks, estimate their impact and create a response plan to mitigate them. Also developed a risk assessment matrix.    * Implemented Accenture's PDM methodology.    * For this large project which comprised of a large number of people a Communication Plan was critical. I developed a Communication Plan which included the types of communication that will take place, who is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the messages that are delivered as well as objectives, strategies that will be undertaken to achieve those objectives, who will deliver the messages and by what means, the anticipated outcome of the efforts, and how the results will be measured.    * Helped develop the detailed MS Project Plan for the Nexus project of which my portion was the data conversion portion for the entire Supply Chain, Work Management, Functional Locations, and related ERP data sets from mainframe PIMS system to SAP R/3.    * Conducted daily and weekly status project meetings and established best practices.    * Escalated and managed issues and managed communication logs.    * Conducted lessons learned sessions at the end of each of the three ORTs before embarking on the start of the next ORT. These lessons learned meetings were conducted so we could learn from any mistakes in the previous phases.    * Used MS Project to perform the following: multiple critical path analysis and "what-if" scenarios (such as highlighted tasks with less than 2 hrs total slack and identify what tasks would be affected if the slack is used up). Development Manager Esurance - San Francisco, CA April 2007 to April 2008 San Francisco, CA 4/2007-4/2008  Esurance is one of the biggest online auto insurance companies in the US with over $800 million in revenues generated every year. I managed a portfolio of concurrently running projects where I performed various activities such as implementation planning, resource management and stakeholder management as well as implementing best practices and risk management plans. Some of the tactical aspects of the projects are described below.    Mission Critical Document and Web Upgrade and Redesign of the Claims area:  * Managed and directed technical staff and interacted with the business group to lead this project to its successful conclusion. Developed a full understanding of the full lifecycle and Agile Methodology of the project & policy working very closely with the business to ensure their requirements were captured, gave regular feedback on progress.  * Participated in database design strategies to ensure high performance and scalability was achieved.  * Involved in costing the project and monitored financials for this project.    XML Schema Redesign and Production Releases:  * Led a small team of designers and developers to modify stored procedures and code to accommodate the schema changes which helped make parts of the system more scalable and less restrictive for future designs.  * Coordinated activities between the Development team, Build Team, Networks & Infrastructure teams, Production Support and the Database team to ensure everything went into production smoothly.  * Lead the effort for development patches and releases going into production.  * Provided emergency 24/7 support for major production releases.    System Performance Improvement Project:  * Identified areas of performance improvement and through matrix management, orchestrated activities of all appropriate groups to move this effort forward.  * Project managed this effort and conducted matrix management, getting the key technical people involved from all the relevant groups  * Created a project plan using MS Project and kept a tight control of activities in this plan.  * Made sure we got buy in from the heads of each of the different groups so that their resources were available to work on this project and that they would not get pulled off.  * Kept stakeholders informed and gave presentations to them as well as discussed any questions that needed discussing. Project Manager, IT Dept Greenpoint Mortgage, CA February 2004 to March 2007 Systems Integration Management  * Capital One acquisition of Greenpoint Mortgage, North Fork Bank and Hibernia Bank necessitated a major integration effort in a number of key areas.  * Developed a Risk Management Plan to identify potential risks, estimate their impact and create a response plan to mitigate them. Also developed a risk assessment matrix.  * Created and lead a PMO utilizing Agile/RUP methodology for this project and managed the business teams  * Performed matrix management, getting the key technical people involved from all the relevant groups  * Worked towards achieving Governance, Risk Management & Assessment and Compliance -including Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.  * Created a project plan using MS Project and kept a tight control of activities in the plan.  * Performed Project Planning, Monitoring and Control, Risk Analysis, SWOT Analysis Project Manager, IT Dept PMI Group, CA August 2002 to January 2004 Development, Integration & Deployment of various projects  * Project Manager where I was managing the development of multiple IT projects.  * Project managed technical teams, gave direction and leadership to ensure deadlines were being met utilizing and Agile Methodology and RAD and JAD application development approach.  * Created a project plan using MS Project and kept tight controls of activities in this plan. Practice Director, Oracle & eCommerce Practice marchFIRST - San Francisco, CA August 1999 to April 2002 * Practice Director at this 9,000 employee IT Consulting company called marchFirst where I grew the practice to an all time high.  * Managed mission critical projects using internet technologies and the full Oracle suite of products  * Responsibilities included matrix management, vendor management (including offshore staff) and P&L responsibilities. Developed risk management plans and communication plans.  * Created and lead PMO and process engineering activities.  * Managed, trained and gave direction to a team of Project Managers, each of whom managed their own individual projects and reported to me. Having a detailed communication plan was critical in this situation.  * Trained PM's in terms of project management processes, methodologies, best practices, risk management, standardization and compliance issues.  * For some critical projects I would be the project manager for those projects. Snr Project Manager DMR Fujitsu - San Francisco, CA December 1996 to July 1999 * DMR Consulting was an 8000 employee international Canadian software consulting firm which became the consulting division of Fujitsu through the latter's acquisition of Amdahl.  * Responsible for leading analysis, requirements translation to design, implementation, testing and quality control for a variety of projects involving teams of up to ten people during the acquisition phase.  * Provided technical project management in a matrix organization and oversaw vendor teams including offshore members. Having a detailed communication plan was critical in this situation.  * Worked to incorporate methodologies or streamlined versions of larger robust methodologies without compromising quality or ensured an existing methodology was being adhered to. Snr IT Manager Lloyd's of London - London March 1995 to November 1996 * Responsible for full lifecycle, high quality complex software projects ensuring their completion on time and within budget.  * Project management skills ranged from technical to matrix management of project teams up to 20 individuals and included vendors and offshore staff. Worked in a shipping insurance division.  * Systems were Web-based and client server applications software development in C#, PowerBuilder, SQL Server and Oracle and covered the entire SDLC.  * Incorporated the PRINCE methodology and created and lead PMO and process engineering operations for this project. Developer then Project Manager IBM Global Services, London and Hursley, UK - Hursley September 1989 to February 1995 * Project Manager, IBM Consulting Services Division responsible for numerous projects of varying sizes in scope from very large enterprise systems to departmental centric mainframe (MVS/VM, CICS, Cobal, PLAS) AIX and desktop solutions.  * Worked in different industries as a project manager, including financial services and healthcare where I worked at BUPA and Capio UK.  * Worked with CICS, different platforms (Windows, AIX, Unix, MVS, VM) and different technologies. Education Master's in Software Engineering Cranfield University - Cranfield, UK Bachelor's in Electrical and Electronic Engineering Kings College, University of London - London Links http://@Risk Certifications/Licenses RMP - Risk Management Professional I am RMP certified through the PMI Institute ( Project Management Institute).  Risk Management is a very important part of IT project management. Project Management Professional (PMP)