Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager San Diego, CA More than 15+ years’ experience in managing and executing project infrastructure deployments, application development programs, and projects from inception to completion across the corporate enterprise. Project practitioner with expertise in analysis, design, and delivery of comprehensive project plans to effectively lead cross-functional resource teams to implement solutions that improve automated workflows, organizational performance, or address operational needs. Contributing member of leadership and business teams offering a seasoned, broad based perspective on business technology, project and program execution, cyber and network security, and SDLC deployment strategies. Committed to customer excellence, mentoring and fostering collaboration in teams, and contributing to improve people, processes and enterprise efficiencies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager Abacusnext - San Diego, CA July 2016 to Present • Sr. Project Manager for DaaS Legal and Accounting software company  • Established PMO strategy and improved resource utilization metrics through Agile Sprint velocity planning and work needs forecasting  • Led strategic account implementations and professional service deployments for practice management solutions for 100 + client accounts.   • Managed service delivery teams in the execution of project deliverables called out in clients' SOW agreements. Senior IT Project Manager (Contract) Becton Dickenson - San Diego, CA April 2016 to July 2016 Managed ePMO execution of programs and projects within the constraints of budget, schedule and scope while minimizing risk, and ensuring adherence to established governance processes and methodologies.  • Worked with project and business sponsors on validation of compliance deliverables, including SOX, threat assessment and executing of resource demand and planning.  • Responsible for driving transformational and optimization efforts across business functions, including business process re-architecture, digitization and standardization. Technical Project Manager (Contract Consultant) Thomson Reuters Elite September 2015 to February 2016 Maintained effective control, leadership, and responsibility for defined scopes of ProLaw software implementations in practicing law firms and government agencies. Prepared and executed 10-week project integration schedules, testing, environment builds, issue remediation and delivery of technical upgrades to clients' production environments.  • Defined, documented and executed project plans of extreme high risk, complexity and visibility and actively participated in all phases of the project to include; end user familiarization training, SQL and .Net application installation, and supporting integration to 3rd party application features deployed on iPhones and Apple tablets.  • Ensured project success and reference-able clients through the management of the project tasks, budget, schedule.  • and client communication, beginning with transition from sales and concluding with the successful transition from implementation to normal support channels.  • Managed data conversion and served as liaison between client and data conversion teams, facilitated transfer of data between organizations, produced data maps, proofing plans, and signoff of maps and data by client. Senior Project Manager/Implementation - (Contract) VeriFone Holdings, Incorporated - San Diego, CA October 2014 to March 2015 Led retail merchant deployments of "Vershield Total Protect" point-to-point encryption solutions. Provided technical guidance of EMV, NFC, and POS integration in compliance with Payment Card Industry- Data Security Standards.  • Facilitated technical reviews of merchant's P2P card processing environments in conformance with payment acquirer gateways and securing encryption on pin pad devices to process card holder PAN and PIN data presented in stores.  • Analyzed merchant's payment processes, network security controls, and assisted in pre-certification and validation testing to secure device encryption on card swipe and tokenization of transactions in a cloud PaaS reporting systems.  • Managed project deliverables and coordinated technical resources for go-live launch and conducted post-operational debriefs for project completion and sign off by of merchant's project teams.  • Streamlined triage and incident escalation reporting through One Note collaboration and Share Point portal. IT Project Manager Sycuan Casino and Golf Resort - El Cajon, CA December 2011 to October 2014 Led cross functional engineering, development, and casino operations teams in the implementation of enterprise business systems, infrastructure, software as a service (SaaS) deployments, custom software development, and integration of business intelligence analytics for a tribal gaming casino and hotel golf resort.  • Created transition strategy to consolidate business systems to centralized operation center. Annual savings of $100K.  • Coordinated $3MM 3rd party Cisco network integration contract for redundant and fault tolerant NEXUS architecture.  • Improved on premise 802.11 N WLAN 1Gig infrastructure to support Cisco VOIP wireless phones, Bingo gaming on wireless tablets, and Club Sycuan mobile app for player points tracking and loyalty rewards redemption.  • Organized SOW and managed project engagement for a new .5MM (POS) system replacement to improve mobility automation, collection and reporting of Comp, Discount, and Player points with annual savings of $300K.  • Initiated requirements and project deployment of Office 365 - SaaS and server center configuration manager -SCCM.  • Deployed SharePoint Enterprise to improve PMO control and governance of technology, people, and processes. Senior Technical Lead/Chief Technology Officer Metropolitan Transit System (MTS) - San Diego, CA July 1999 to September 2011 Directed IT staff of 20 and prepared annual tactical and strategic plans for a public transit organization with full P & L responsibilities for operating budgets of $3.2MM; and capital improvement projects ranging from $1.5MM to $10MM.  • Established steering committees, project teams, and prioritized technology spending projects for MTS, San Diego Transit, and San Diego Trolley in support of regional mass transit initiatives for the San Diego Metro area.  • Led agile development processes and development teams in the creation of a Google mobile app called "GOMTS" a real time GPS SMS next bus predictive arrival to improve transit planning services based on regional demand.  • Led technical design requirements and project for a $10MM regional transit command center and train control system.  • Extended network infrastructure to 56 trolley stations supporting fare collection systems, visual message signs, wireless CCTV, train monitoring and control, and SCADA track signaling control systems  • Completed $1.7MM Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) project and coordinated 3rd party integration and data migration strategy of an AS400 environment for materials, procurement, finance, HR, PR and supply chain.  • Initiated technical design and build out of a $1.5MM campus wide fiber LAN/WAN/WLAN project to improve, VOIP phones, desktop application services which reduced telecommunications expenses by $75M on an annual basis.  • Developed cyber security and threat awareness posture in compliance with DOT and FERC guidelines and policy. IT Manager/Supervisor Goodwill Industries - San Diego, CA July 1996 to June 1999 Coordinated IT projects and managed server systems, telecommunications, and network infrastructure for Goodwill corporate offices and 15 retail outlets throughout San Diego County. Supported retail POS systems and financial reporting systems for a non- profit organization specializing in retail job training for employees with barriers to employment. Created automated routines to add and support reusable clothing sales at store locations.  • Implemented POS system requisitioning process to improve inventory validation and annual savings of 100K.  • Designed 20 seat student computer learning lab using repurposed donated computers to skill development training.  • Coordinated internet presence and domain website for www.sdgoodwill.org.    Project Management  Project Methodologies: PMI, WBS, Cost Estimating, Waterfall, SDLC, Agile, SCRUM, JAD, RPO, CPE, Business Process Review, Workflow analysis, SOW, RFP, RFQ, strategic planning, critical threat vulnerability & risk assessment.    Project Types:  * Budgets to 10MM * 450 Seat Help Desk Tracking System * Standby Power Grid/UPS Upgrade  * Business Impacts to 3MM * 75 Seat CRM System * Organizational Disaster Recovery Plan  * 200 LCD Media Solution * Commercial Mobile App -Loyalty/Rewards * 120 Server VMware Virtualization  * 120 Seat Cisco Call Manager * 85 Seat Infor/Lawson Financial Upgrade * 900 Seat SCCM Enterprise Roll Out  * 30 TB Tiered Storage NAS * Change & Control Management * 125 Seat Cisco Jabber Deployment  * WLAN 1G Convergence * 350 Seat ERP/EAM System Deployment * 12 Server MS SQL Data Warehouse  * 600 Seat People Soft/ADP * Commercial Mobile App - Next Bus Arrival * 15 Seat Infor Financials/Supply Chain Education Bachelor of science in Computer Science National University - San Diego, CA May 1996 to April 1998 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Information Architecture (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Software Development (4 years) Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E3 August 1980 to August 1984 Club management