Sr. Manager, IT Distribution Asia/Latin America Sr. <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Distribution Asia/Latin America Sr. Manager, IT Distribution Asia/Latin America Raleigh, NC Work Experience Sr. Manager, IT Distribution Asia/Latin America Stanley Black and Decker - Concord, NC 2013 to Present Responsible for managing an application services team of developers and analyst to implement, enhance, and support WMS solutions globally.    • Directed JDA WMS 8.2 and RedPrairie DLx/D 2009.2.4 WMS implementation on SQL Server and HPUX/Oracle 11i and Windows Server (VMware) environments in Europe, Asia, Africa, North America and Latin America.  • Coordinated installation, configuration, and integration to SAP E03, conveyor, goods to man, pick to light, print and apply, and Voice controlled WCS.  • Hiring/Managing direct reports across North America, China, Singapore and Mexico  • Responsible for resource Demand/Supply planning for 8 distribution centers globally. Technical Manager, IT Supply Chain Systems Stanley Black and Decker - Concord, NC 2008 to 2013 Responsible for managing internal implementations for existing and acquired distribution centers.    • Served as technical manager of RedPrairie DLx/D 2009.1.4 WMS implementation on HPUX/Oracle 11i environment and SQL Server.  • Coordinated installation, configuration, and demonstration efforts of Vocollect 3.1 voice picking module with LXE M-7 RF units.  • Performed functional analysis, design, and development of MOCA enhancements to bring RedPrairie DLx/D 2009.1.4 into compliance with Sarbaines Oxley narratives.  • Led internal efforts to implement the RedPrairie TimePay Ctl. Time and Attendance work force management system.  • Served as Project Lead for multiple million sqft. Facilities complete with automation and integration.  • Served as a consultant for JDA/RedPrairie new product development and customer focused functionality. Project Leader/Master Software Engineer RedPrairie - Cary, NC 2005 to 2008 WMS subject matter expert, software design, development and implementation    • Served as technical lead for west coast services division. Mentored and trained Master Software Engineers, Project Leaders, and Project Managers on technical best practices and RedPrairie Approach. Created a sustaining organization that encouraged innovation and leadership from within.  • Conducted Proof of Concepts and Conference Room Pilots to introduce product functionality to customer executives and warehouse management.  • Considered a "go to" person for tough challenges at the local level and corporate-wide for product vision and implementation methodology. Acted as the liaison between the west coast market and our standard product development group.  • Assisted with design, development, and implementation of a fully custom WMS with a high degree of automation including Pick to Light, Print and Apply, and automatic manifesting.  • Utilized the use of the Agile Project Management methodology SCRUM to successfully manage several key rapid development efforts that needed rapid on-time delivery and flexibility as requirements evolved.  • Created high level estimate documentation for gaps identified during implantation assessment.  • Authored Functional Analysis and requirements documentation for project modifications.  • Utilized CVS version controller to commit and organize new and modified software.  • Coded and Unit tested various modifications in RedPrairie DLxD  • Conducted technical phone screens and internal interviews.    Warehouse Management System Implementations  • International Battery Supplier and 3PL  ? Project Leader and operational consultant  ? Performed proof of concept and conference room pilot  ? Conducted multiple planning and management meetings.  ? Authored solution summary and process documentation.  • Fresh Food Production and Storage Facility  ? Project Leader WMS/TMS operation  ? Pioneered first live DLx implementation on Linux/Oracle RAC clustered environment.  ? Performed functional analysis on Multi-Warehouse environment.  ? Designed and estimated multiple code modifications and application enhancements.  • Worldwide Digital Electronics Provider  ? Implemented RedPrairie WMS DLx/D in new west coast facility.  ? Led project from sales transition cycle to post implementation.  ? Configured integration of new Oracle Application table to table trigger-based integration.  • Global Third-Party Logistics Provider - Contract Provider  ? Provided on-site Leadership and go-live support for an implementation with a global 3PL in the United Kingdom  • Third Party Logistics Provider - Public & Contract Provider  ? Implemented RedPrairie WMS DLx/D in a 3PL environment with multiple clients and business processes  ? Simplified several WMS processes to lower operational costs for the customer  ? Led and supported software upgrade go-live of a 5 building warehouse.  • Wireless Communications Provider  ? Software Engineer for a large national $30B wireless communications provider  ? Integral team member of RedPrairie DLx/D upgrade and implementation in new business units  ? Led parcel configuration for direct fulfillment business unit (Connectship/Tandata)  ? Implemented a Direct To Customer solution that once stabilized helped this customer to cut operating days/shifts to 5X2 from 6X3  ? Implemented a Batch Picking process that was flexible to handle the dynamic ebbs and flows of the customers store replenishment business  ? Coded and tested integration design to 3 ERP systems including Oracle Applications and 2 legacy systems  ? Led integration design and testing to Material Handling Systems from Fortna Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science North Carolina State University - Raleigh, NC Skills Word, budget, Strategic Planning Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/teronmorris