Business Analyst Business Analyst Business Analyst - Nissan North America Franklin, TN Work Experience Business Analyst Nissan North America - Franklin, TN August 2016 to Present Currently I manage application and support teams that are responsible for Nissan North America finished vehicle export systems that ensures the coordination and federal compliance of all NAFTA and Non NAFTA Logistics. I also am responsible for XM Radio data transmissions to ensure XM radio activations and provisioning. As a Certified Scrum Master, I have been put in charge of all Agile related projects with the goal of moving all current waterfall based Project to Agile utilizing the JIRA Agile management platform, Confluence for project document management and Zephyr testing tools Business Analyst Nissan - Franklin, TN July 2010 to August 2016 Manage the support and technical functions of Nissan North America's time and attendance systems. I am currently working on the consolidating our SAP CATS, Mainframe and other web based attendance systems to help reduce costs, streamline support and simply interfaces for end users. Technical Business Contact for Nissan Corporate Legal, HR, Corporate Communications departments providing run the business support and escalation management. Business Analyst Nissan - Franklin, TN February 2007 to July 2010 My responsibilities as the Intranet Portal Analyst were to manage the collaboration tools and managing escalated support needs. This includes management of 5 technical developers who are responsible for the support of Vignette content management, Eroom file collaboration and IMeeting online meeting collaboration. Work with global management I coordinate enhancements and maintenances activities as well as ensuring end user experience expectations are exceeded. I also work as the Technical Liaison with several business groups to provide technical solutions of a wide range of new development needs and out of the box application implementations. Director of IT ARx LLC - Franklin, TN June 2005 to January 2006 Responsible for the management of the day to day support of all corporate Network and Server activities in an extended business office for hospitals. Administered Window 2000/NT domain, Exchange Email system and IIS web/ftp sites. Installed the first anti virus solution to remediate all virus and spam issues and created migration plan to update outdated desktops as well as the initiative to decommission and dispose of out of date equipment. Worked with Vendors and Customers to better utilize our point to point connections for increased security and efficiency. Built data exchange systems with vendors to automate patient accounting records for more efficient collections and reporting. Sr. Technical Project Manager HCA Healthcare - Nashville, TN January 2004 to June 2005 Jan 06-Jan-07 (end of contract)  Working on the Acquisitions team I managed all aspects of bringing newly acquired hospitals on to HCA networks. This entailed identifying network and physical security risks as well as identifying and implementing migration paths for legacy systems into HCA systems. Purchased switches, routers, firewalls, PC's and printers for new network build outs as well as work flow analysis for new hospitals. Manage relationships with Vendors, engineering and support resources to provide quick and efficient solutions to a wide range of problems, and was the central contact for Hospital IT staff. This job demanded a high level of project management ability as well as the ability to think fast and remain proactive. Director of Site Administration & Customer/Developer Support PalmGear.com - Franklin, TN March 2003 to January 2004 Manage performance and functionality of Ecommerce driven website. Work with customers and developers to identify needed enhancements and functionality and ensured delivery. Managed customer service department and successfully applied efficiencies that enabled a small group of customer service representatives to facilitate the needs of thousands of users. Maintain internal systems needs and administration including all computers/servers/network support. IT Manager LEDIC MANAGEMENT GROUP - Memphis, TN February 2001 to March 2003 Selected to assist in the creation of a call center to support over 150 properties, five regional offices and over 900 people. Thorough understanding of legacy systems. Coordinate with staff and senior management to address needs and formulate quick solutions while meeting weekly and monthly deadlines. Assist diverse skill sets with technology requirements. Provide Microsoft 2000 Server System and Exchange administration as well as Sonicwall firewall administration. Research and purchase IT equipment. Perform daily backups and assist with call center support and supervision of five staff. System Administrator / Project Manager NowDocs.com - Memphis, TN May 2000 to February 2001 Researched and identified technology requirements for a 25,000 square foot print and data distribution center. Ensured 24x7 support in a high volume environment. Effectively communicated client needs and expectations to senior management. Ensured Print Center remained 100% functional. Managed IT vendors and orders. Created weekly progress reports that included estimated project completion dates. Systems Analyst Transaction Graphic - Memphis, TN April 1997 to May 2000 TGI was a start up company specializing in newly developed digital Check Printing. As a system Analyst, my job was to help develop automated systems for accepting orders, track order status and delivery. I was in charge of Check designing utilizing Paris design software. I also handled day to day system support including Windows NT administration, IIS web services, SQL Server and all in house developed customer service tools. Education Associate of Applied Science degree in Information Technologies State Technical Institute of Memphis - Memphis, TN 2018 to Present Skills access, Excel, SQL, Business Intelligence, testing, Powerpoint, MS Office, SAP, Visio, Microsoft Office, Agile (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Scrum Master January 2016 to January 2021 Certified Scrum Master