Strategic and performance driven Sr. Program Manager Strategic and performance driven Sr. Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Strategic and performance driven Sr. Program Manager - General Services Administration (GSA) Ashburn, VA Work Experience Strategic and performance driven Sr. Program Manager General Services Administration (GSA) January 2015 to Present Strategic and performance driven Sr. Program Manager with over fifteen years of experience in overseeing Public and Private sector Program/ Projects valued up to $10 million. Exceptional ability to drive and lead cross-functional teams in order to identify program capabilities, assess resources, and collaborate with client to ensure programs success with focus on Service Delivery, Product Development, Application Development, System Integration and Deployment.    Leidos, General Services Administration (GSA) January 15 - Program Manager    Summary: As an IT Program Manager leading a team of skilled Project Managers, Developers, Testers, Business Analysts and Security; with an overall budget of more than 15 million/year across four diverse groups of several small and large size web applications, Salesforce platform, and eSOA platform. Key responsibilities: Client Management, Resource Management, Portfolio Risk Management, Financial Management, On-Contract Growth, Sr. Management Reporting    ? Applied knowledge and expertise in implementing up to four IT modernization and transformation projects to government clients.  ? Led a team of IT experts on migration projects, Cloud infrastructure, and Cybersecurity technical principles, theories, and concepts to manage the teams that define system, network, or security architectures and recommend corrective actions or future-state solutions.  ? Directly managed large and complex projects using modern delivery and technology platforms, including Agile and DevOps  ? Provided leadership and solutions to the technical teams and government client on feasibility analysis and gap analysis as well as shared a realistic vision of the future.  ? Team in preparing statements of work (SOW), letters of engagement (LOE), Rough estimates and project documentation.  ? Manage client expectations for multiple project teams with tight budgets and schedules to deliver results.  ? Led the efforts to gain ATO approvals for six AWS applications and two platforms  ? Worked with the ISSO and ISSM to build application security artifacts, mitigation strategy and final remediation of the findings  ? Led the effort of successfully migrating first four applications to the newly established AWS environment with GSA.  ? Managed and Governed EVM projects, program finances, projections to ensure financial success of the program  ? Drive close collaboration with Product, Portfolio, Business and Technology for the strategic roadmap, prioritization, release planning, budgeting, funding, and KPI IT Program Manager FDIC August 2011 to January 2015 Summary: As an IT Program Manager direct team of two project managers and 20 IT professionals to provide IT solutions to various FDIC divisions under ITAS contract. The total value of approximately six million and turned four red projects to green Key responsibilities: Client Management, Resource Management, Portfolio Risk Management, Financial Management, Reporting    ? Negotiated "win-win" solutions for the clients, executive members and the vendors on program/ project related issues  ? Inherited four red projects and successfully transitioned them back to green with accolades from the customers and product owners during the Annual award term review.  ? Worked closely with the LM corporate Contracts, Business Operations, Human Resource and Senior Management to provide continuity and efficiency of the portfolio  ? Directed and participated in the recruitment process of key employees and the selection of sub-contractors.  ? Established and implemented internal processes such as Level of effort, Change Control Board, Recruitment etc. to improve service delivery  ? Managed and Governed program finances, invoices, accruals, projections for the customer and to manage the program successfully  ? Worked with the Lockheed Capture Management team on the ITAS II, Cyber Ark and Client Led Development proposals; we won two out of three contracts.  ? Executed project management for several programs and/or projects including integrated milestone schedule (IMS) management, earned value management system (EVMS-lite) management and daily issue resolution.  ? Worked and addressed several applications to be 508 compliant and provide mitigation/ remediation strategy  ? Worked closely with internal and external application security teams to build and implement secure development plan for all 13 applications in the portfolio. Sr. Project Manager Verizon Business - Ashburn, VA August 2007 to August 2011 Summary: As a Sr. Project Manager managed several projects with team located off site in India, Argentina, Australia, France and UK the project was to convert in house application to be used by all of Verizon's global users. Key Responsibilities: Budget Management, Requirements Management, Risk Management, Reporting    ? Successfully led cross-functional (Client, Business Analyst, Developers, and Various QA teams) teams to meet project deliverables and milestones.  ? Worked closely with project sponsors, executive management to manage project requirements, timelines, and multiple system teams.  ? Intensively worked on resource/ budget planning, and balancing  ? Worked with the development team on database migration from DB2 to Oracle  ? Managed distributed enterprise web-based applications based on JAVA platform  ? Environment migration from single server to clustered server environment  ? Defined and monitored project plans, tasks and milestones  ? Represented the interest of multiple systems on projects to consolidate an application  ? Managed and worked with outsourced technical resources to implement new product and develop business processes throughout the project lifecycle.  ? Created and presented project status and reports to the senior management  ? Vendor Management: gathered requirements from the internal systems, discussed options with the vendor, worked with finance in securing funds IT Project Manager (PMO) and Team Lead Wellpoint (Lumenos), Inc - Alexandria, VA September 2005 to August 2007 Summary: As a team lead managed a team of seven; applied understanding of various Health related Corporate Governance regulations (HIPPA, Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance), involved in mergers and projects related to system consolidation. As part of the PMO managed several IT and Business projects in facilitating the merger process. Key Responsibilities: Support merger, Third Party vendor management, Cost and Time Management, Requirement Management    ? Worked in different areas of user business and several levels of management to identify key metrics, develop and document project plan to accommodate stakeholder needs  ? Managed multiple web based development projects on MS.NET technologies with DB2 and MS SQL database  ? Generated incident, project status, data analysis reports for senior management to evaluate risks, hurdles and overall project performance.  ? Managed CRM tool Seibel troubleshoot and further development efforts  ? Managed quarterly audits to ensure Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance by IT and responded to audit requests.  ? Coordinated efforts on building and maintaining SOX compliance reports  ? Documented over 20 IT and business processes, identifying and documenting activity level risks and controls  ? Managed the implementation of the technology solutions and transformational projects utilizing established project management methodology and tools.  ? Co-ordinate and worked with internal and external teams to resolve development and business related incidents Team Lead Wellpoint (Lumenos), Inc - Alexandria, VA April 2003 to August 2005 Summary: As Team Lead worked very closely with external clients and understanding their business and their specific business and technology needs. Key Responsibilities: Client Management; liaison between IT and Business, Data analysis and troubleshoot    ? Worked in different areas of user business and several levels of management to identify key metrics, develop and document project plan to accommodate stakeholder needs  ? Managed quarterly audits to ensure Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance (SOX) by IT and responded to audit requests.  ? Work with the technical team to recommend viable and cost-effective technology solutions to the senior management.  ? Maintained and managed monthly management level status reports.  ? Worked closely with the client after the project is delivered to record incidents and concerns and project closure and final sign off Project Manager/ Analyst National Orthopedic Center - Falls Church, VA June 2002 to March 2003 Manager Vikas Publishing House - Delhi, Delhi August 1997 to September 1999 Publicity & Systems) Project Coordinator (Promotions, Event Management) Comdex Computer Publishing - Delhi, Delhi August 1995 to July 1997 Professional Skills Education MBA in Business Administration Marymount University