Junior IT Project Manager Junior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Junior IT Project Manager - AZTech Technologies, Delaware Ozone Park, NY • Over 3 years of experience as E-Marketing Manager.  • Able to work without sponsorship.  • Completed M.Sc. Information System in Project Management/Technology Leadership with M.B.A in International Business.  • Currently working as a Junior IT project Manager with AZTech Technologies.  • Facilitated project meetings and conducted training sessions.  • Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve work-related problems.  • Demonstrated experience in working in multiple assignments and in multicultural groups.  • Analytical with strong time management, attention to detail and organizational skills, including prioritizing tasks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior IT Project Manager AZTech Technologies, Delaware January 2019 to Present Description: Currently working on Directs technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and user projects.  Responsibilities:  • Maintains staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; maintaining a safe and secure work environment; developing personal growth opportunities.  • Maintains organization's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans for implementing information technologies.  • Directs technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and user projects.  • Completes projects by coordinating resources and timetables with user departments and data centre.  • Verifies application results by conducting system audits of technologies implemented.  • Preserves assets by implementing disaster recovery and back-up procedures and information security and control structures.  • Recommends information technology strategies, policies, and procedures by evaluating organization outcomes; identifying problems; evaluating trends; anticipating requirements.  • Accomplishes financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analysing variances; initiating corrective action.  • Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards.  • Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies.  • Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. E-Marketing & Financial Project Manager Bit-Byte.Asia - Dhaka, BD May 2016 to August 2018 Dhaka, Bangladesh    Description:Bit-Byte.Asia is a software company located in Dhaka, Bangladesh. They provide professional hosting, software testing, web design, e-commerce and Internet promotion services all over the world.  Responsibilities:  • Created financial reports and consulting project expenditures on a daily vs. monthly basis, improving insight into project progress by 13% and lead a 5-person finance team.  • Created, implemented and managed Workbench software for customer activation and club card loyalty programs which proved a 15% revenue increase and using QuickBooks software for KPI's and measurable metrics for organization.  • Lead Project Insight System to train and manage 8 members in achieving project objectives and maintained Zoho Project and Insight Project software to manage full project lifecycle such as strategy, design, development, testing and implementation.  • Managed, direct, and prioritized Bit-Byte.Asia budget of $10,000, staying within actual budget by 9% and set, monitor, and evaluate the performance of all Bit-Byte.Asia managers and associates, total staff of 20+. Education Master's in Technology Leadership/ Project Management Touro College - New York, NY June 2018 Master's in International Business Anglia Ruskin University May 2015 Bachelor's in Business Administration University of Central Lancashire August 2013 Skills Database, Database design, Sql, C++, Javascript, Waterfall, PM, PMP, SDLC Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Languages Basic knowledge of JavaScript, SQL, RPA and C++ used in class projects and assignments.  Software Application Programs Basic knowledge of Office 365 (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Access) and Point of Sale (POS)  Operating Systems Mac OS and Windows 10 back to Vista end user  Presentation and Productivity Software  Microsoft Power Point and Project Insight software knowledge to intelligent scheduling, resource allocation & task dependencies.    Database Design Software My SQL Workbench and Visio