Corporate Trainer/ Project Manager Corporate Trainer/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Corporate Trainer/ Project Manager - Net Vision Resources Columbia, MD • Seasoned Project Manager with strong software and Agile expertise. Knowledge in a diverse range of industries, such as aerospace engineering, social security, digital platforms, publishing, higher education, k-12, e-learning, foreign language, financial services, mortgage services, international programs, federal supply service, insurance and healthcare.  • Strong knowledge of Agile methodology and frameworks -Scrum, Kanban and XP.  • Extensive experience in teaching and training in non-profit and private sector, k-12 and higher education to include e-learning curriculum design, instructional design, portal and learning management system development.  • Strong communication and interpersonal skills; able to manage and prioritize multiple projects using Agile principles to create change across an organization. Detail oriented, team-player who is highly organized and self-motivated. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Corporate Trainer/ Project Manager Net Vision Resources - Herndon, VA April 2018 to Present Responsibilities  • Agile Product Workshop facilitator at Northrop Grumman for the Social Security Administration (SSA)- new branch of training required all 27+ product teams.  • Conduct workshops for SSA Product teams, targeted overviews, brown bags and boot camps to help with the transition from Project culture to a Product Agile methodology.  • Design and create customized courses to include Project Management for Managers, Agile Methodology, Product Team Fundamentals, Design & Innovative Thinking, Business Modeling Design, Effective Communications and Product Leadership for Executives.  • Design and develop a JIRA and Confluence Digital site for the entire NG product Team for over 25+ Projects.  • Consult with SSA Agile Center of Excellence as it defines objectives, strategies, and governance for NGMS software and digital technology development. Project Manager Squires Group - Annapolis, MD March 2017 to April 2018 Responsibilities  • Oversaw 7 Magento & WordPress web developers, on a daily basis, for Web E-commerce company.  • Using Agile principles and tools, lead and organized several unique migration projects to convert all company data from Version One to JIRA 7 cloud- then to JIRA Server 7.2 and set up processes and created workflow for all projects.  • Facilitated all scrum activities such as daily stand ups, scheduled meetings, customer review sessions and demos for websites projects.  • Coached team on using JIRA/Confluence and Service desk and the use of Kanban and Sprint set up.  • Performed JIRA and Confluence administration on a daily basis. Troubleshoot network errors and issues with client websites to include email, plugins, connection issues and website outages.  • Supervised multiple concurrent web development projects (including international vendors) from start to launch, ensuring all requirements are met, sites are thoroughly test and projects are delivered within expected budget.  • Tested, reviewed and ensured quality of all client deliverables to include website migrations, infrastructure deployments and maintenance. Technical Project Manager/Scrum Master, Information Technology Constratus - Washington, DC February 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities  • Managed IT infrastructure projects for First Book E-commerce Marketplace using Magento, WordPress, Squarespace, Salesforce and Convio,  • Designed strategy and processes to move the company from Waterfall to Agile methodology.  • Conducted daily standups, retrospectives, scheduled planning and Agile process sessions for Product and IT teams.  • Served as Agile Scrum Master who created customized Sprints for all IT projects and departments across the organization.  • Oversaw migration from Outlook to Microsoft office 365 and managed the team to a successful transition for the company.  • Managed 12 Magento developers, Desktop support, Salesforce and System administrators, QA testers and front-end web developers on a daily basis.  • Created metrics for all critical processes and managed the IT organization.  • Release Manager for all deployments and guided IT team members in the successful completion infrastructure projects, ensuring that IT deliverables are completed within established timelines and within budget.  • Managed vendors in the development and support of IT application portfolios and manage third party vendors' cost, schedule and quality performance. Project Manager, LMS Admin, Instructional Technology/Curriculum Assessment Maryland State Department of Ed - Baltimore, MD January 2015 to February 2016 Responsibilities  • Managed and maintained all infrastructure deployments and set up the online Blackboard Learning Management System and related databases for the Maryland State Department of Education.  • Using Agile methodology, improved the online course registration management process professional development courses for all school teachers in the State of Maryland.  • Immediate support for Maryland School systems, internal MSDE administrators and 10,500+ end users and 49,000+ public users.  • Provided technical support, guidance to contractors, vendors and/or other content specialists on e-Learning course development.  • Performed instructional design, review, testing and technical support and network administration for 40+ Maryland online professional development courses for school districts using HTML5, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Camtasia, articulate(storyline), adobe products, captivate and ADDIE.  • Trained school systems, teachers and internal employees on the use of the Blackboard Learning System via Webinars and workshops using WebEx. (over 200 with up to 500 people per webinar)  • Modified courses based upon quality checks and enroll students into courses. Provide weekly and monthly reports and statistics using Google Analytics for the LMS.  • Managed teacher professional development registration/add drop using Go sign me up software for all state-wide teacher professional development courses during fall, spring and summer sessions. Project Manager, Professional Learning AP Ventures - Columbia, MD February 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities  • From concept to deployment, facilitated change by infusing technology which resulted in new online courses for teachers, new technical processes and software, as well as a reduction of manual procedures across the organization.  • Applied Agile methods to define and prepare portal requirement documents and develop functional requirements, technical and conceptual designs through deployment for 4 large Race to the Top-US Department of Education IT projects.  • Conducted and organized professional learning workshops, summer academies, and briefings across the State of Maryland.  • Designed and produced 7 Fall educator effectiveness academy (required to complete) video lessons using Final Cut Pro for Math, STEM and English Language arts viewed by 6,000 + teachers across the State of Maryland.  • Organized lesson plans and lesson seed materials from content teams (Math, ELA, Disciplinary Literacy and STEM) and stage materials for production and placed 3000+ documents online in Blackboard LMS for both the Master Teacher Training and Educator Effectiveness Academy.  • Designed a Digital online UDL (Universal Design for Learning) interactive course in WordPress required by all teachers and principals in K-12 School districts in Maryland using HTML5, PHP JavaScript and CSS. Over 4000+ teachers completed the course.  • Created SharePoint portal for certification branch and design automated process for CPD credit (conversion from a paper based to an online process with digital signatures). Blackboard IT Consultant Clarity Consultants- for Mortgage Banking Association - Washington, DC March 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities  • Maintained and updated 200+ courses on banking/mortgage lending in Blackboard Learn.  • Performed custom course creation or modification for enterprise clients using Word Press, Dreamweaver, HTML and CSS.  • Revised/maintained/tested SCORM and AICC course files for delivery to content licensing partners.  • Created learning courses using Articulate, Camtasia, and other tools to develop course module and managed all infrastructure deployments.  • Converted webinar content into web-based courses (creating activities and assessment questions) to replace outdated web-based courses. Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton - Hanover, MD April 2012 to March 2013 Responsibilities  • Enhanced and streamlined internal processes within the PMO office for NSA by creating a new best practice learning site using SharePoint.  • Maintain a Sprint schedule for all project milestones. Applied Agile/Scrum project management methodologies and work closely with the program manager, project managers, and project leads to complete infrastructure deployments via sprints.  • Created custom web parts, graphics and edit design using HTML, CSS, JavaScript,.NET and Photoshop.  • Involved in full cycle development including: analysis, design, development, testing, training and implementation. Project Manager Ai-Solutions, Inc - Lanham, MD May 2011 to April 2012 Responsibilities  • Successfully led five NASA projects (CCS, GEONS, GMSEC, ODTBX and FDF Reengineering) in Earth observation and Flight Dynamics systems for national launches including the management of 16 employees and budgets of $5 million +).  • Oversaw conversion of waterfall processes to Agile methods and managed all infrastructure deployments and completed debugging and testing prior to system launches.  • Mentored staff and trained in the use of web services technologies including HTML, Java, Perl, C++/NET/SQL as well as Mat Lab for web design techniques and processes.  • Performed budget analysis, variance reporting/cost control and forecasting for all projects managed. Deployment Project Manager Infrastructure Test - Lanham, MD June 2010 to May 2011 Responsibilities  • Supervised 20 CSC and subcontractor employees while successfully driving change by increasing projects from 4 to 10 during my tenure as test manager.  • Performed testing for online applications and portals for the Internal Revenue Service, Modernized E-File (MEF) using SQL, PHP, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Planned, managed and actively participated in all infrastructure testing engagements from requirements gathering to project implementation and deployment.  • Led administrative direction for the Infrastructure and Deployment test activities for the IRS to include personnel management of test engineers, and development consultants, including technical direction and cost account management using Earned Value. IT Project Manager National Foreign Language Center, University of MD - College Park, MD July 2009 to June 2010 Responsibilities  • Managed 15+ technology staff of IT administrators, instructional designers, testers, programmers, multimedia producers and production staff.  • Successfully led information technology and e-learning multimedia projects for the Foreign Service using Sum Total LMS, Sakai and ADDIE to design newly customized e-learning applications.  • Developed curriculum with a team of instructional designers and experts in less commonly taught Foreign Languages.  • Mentored staff on 508 compliance procedures for Software applications, intellectual property, operating systems, web-based systems and video multimedia, which was included in each release of the Langnet application for NSA.  • Hands-on experience using HTML, PHP, XML, SQL, and JAVA to completed infrastructure deployments and e-learning deliverables. Project Manager SiloSmashers - Vienna, VA August 2008 to July 2009 Responsibilities  • Led IV&V and infrastructure deployment projects for a high-profile project in the Center for Medicaid/Medicare.  • Facilitated change by leading the Test team and successfully completing testing activities and validation readiness reviews for 20+ systems.  • Created a functional requirements document for the Grants administration system and learning tools for the Department of Justice Programs. Sr. IT Consultant Xscion - McLean, VA September 2007 to August 2008 Responsibilities  • Conducted ROI analysis for new initiatives at Freddie Mac for the capital deployment control department.  • Created/documented business requirements, designed test plan, test scripts, test approach and conducted software testing (SQL, ASP and .Net) for Modified Pool projects and CE manager enhancements databases. Project Manager/Business Analyst INTARSYS, Incorporated - Miami, FL October 2006 to September 2007 Responsibilities  • Successfully led a project team to successful completion of a web-based infrastructure project for a higher education online portal for the University of Florida. Education Bachelor's in Management Information Systems Walden University - Bonita Springs, FL September 2020 Bachelor of Arts in Foreign Languages-French and Communications Georgetown University - Washington, DC George Mason University - Fairfax, VA Skills articulate (2 years), Cms (Less than 1 year), Content management system (Less than 1 year), Css (4 years), Cvs (Less than 1 year), databases (2 years), Git (Less than 1 year), Html (4 years), Javascript (2 years), Jira (2 years), Learning management system (2 years), Lms (2 years), Mac (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (1 year), Microsoft sharepoint (1 year), Ms office (1 year), Php (3 years), Sharepoint (1 year), Sql (3 years), Word (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Development: HTML, CSS, PHP, Drupal, SQL, JavaScript  Databases: Oracle, MySQL, SAS, Access  CMS and LMS: Word Press, Joomla, Moodle, SharePoint, Google Classroom, Blackboard, Canvas, Adobe Connect, E-college, Magento, Sum Total, Desire to Learn, Wix and Squarespace.  Software: SOA Test, JIRA, Confluence, Version One, Salesforce, Selenium, Rainforest, Convio, MAC OS, Visio Professional, VSS, GIT, CVS, Remedy, Camtasia, Captivate, Articulate, (Storyline) Adobe Creative Cloud applications, Audacity, Google Analytics, Go Sign Me Up, Movie Maker, iMovie, Final Cut Pro, Microsoft Office.