Assistant Professor Assistant Professor Smyrna, GA Work Experience Assistant Professor Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA 2017 to Present Systems and Industrial Engineering Department    Developed and managed syllabus materials to create a student centered course.    Coordinated courseware and curriculum for online and campus with academic department chair.    Facilitated class instruction for both online and campus courses.    Evaluated student performance for outcome attainment.    IET 4135: Project Management for Engineers  A comprehensive study of project management concepts within the Technology and Engineer environment, including project definitions, systems, Agile methodologies, cycles, and the roles and responsibilities of project leaders and their associates. Topics will include the definition of tasks, time estimates, cost estimates, resource identification, task delegation, project monitoring and control methods, Contacts and Procurement and risk management. Applications will include industrial and production environments, product development, and research and development. Microsoft Project software will be used to organize, schedule, control, and provide feedback on projects.    ENGR 3250: Project Management for Engineers  This course is a comprehensive study of project concepts, such as project definitions, systems and agile methodologies, project cycles, roles and responsibilities of leaders and members, and procedures used in industrial and production environments. Topics include such areas as scheduling, controlling projects, time-cost trade-off, resource allocation and project cost control.    IET3410: Principles of Team Dynamics  Students will learn the skills and techniques to succeed as a team member in the workplace. Topics include leadership and communication skills, social influences, decision making and problem-solving techniques, and team development. The purpose of the course is to introduce the student to the concepts of teamwork. Students will be able to manage a team project through all stages of development. Special emphasis will be on conflict resolution and establishing team norms.    UUEntrepreneurial Experience Owner J6 Management Consulting LLC 2007 to Present Offer full solution support to small and medium size businesses in technical consulting, project management services, and staff augmentation services. SBA certified and Georgia Department of Transportation (GDOT).    Holds a Department of Defense (DOD) Contract in Arkansas (RED RIVER ARMY DEPOT)    Corporate and Non-Profit Teaching System and Industrial Engineering Senior Project committee Kennesaw State University 2018 to 2018 UUCommunity Service and Leadership Doctor of Engineering Praxis final examination committee George Washington University 2018 to 2018 Member of the Institute Electrical and Electronics Engineers 2017 to 2017 Senior Technology Solution Project Manager AT&T- Mobility - Atlanta, GA 2012 to 2017 International and Domestic    Responsible for end-to-end project management infrastructure IT solution throughout the life cycle of a project (internal or external client facing).    Direct and lead the efforts of a project team to deliver a completed infrastructure information technology project and/or service.    Consult directly with internal or external clients on business goals, tools, strategy and best practices of software development including Agile Methodology.    Full accountability for managing concurrent projects of any complexity including projects that span multiple regions, functions and/or business units.    Direct team's activities utilizing the organization's software development life cycle (SDLC).    Interact with other project managers and with the Account Management organization to ensure alignment of project goals and progress with client needs and client priorities.    Utilize knowledge of business, industry and technology to incorporate business process improvements into the organization and/or to develop business strategies. Member National Contract Management Association 2016 to 2016 Volunteer Hamilton E. Holmes Elementary 2015 to 2015 Member of the Black Doctoral Network BDN 2015 to 2015 IT Infrastructure Senior Program Manager PMO AT&T Mobility (Wireless) - (Experis)- J6 Management Consulting LLC 2011 to 2012 Business Intelligence Enterprise Data Warehouse (BIDW)    Managed PMO programs and projects while supporting 5 project managers and collaborating with AMDOCS vendors.    Ensured project managers are appropriately identifying key stakeholders and effectively communicating project schedules, budgets, risks, and issues.    Mentored project managers so that they become adept at anticipating risks and managing projects per guidelines    Managed demand pipeline so that resources are allocated in the most effective manner, per the business priority    Strong working knowledge of PRISM process flow and PRISM financials    Monitored and controls resources, expense and capital cost against the budget including monthly financial true-ups and estimates    Managed technical planning for the team's total hardware / software (VPMO) infrastructure split, including implementation approach and rollback strategy    Managed and implemented, light speed, billing, Enterprise Data Warehouse and inventory applications for networks software solutions by applying SDLC Software Development Life Cycle-ITUP IT Senior Project Manager International Supply Chain and Logistics - Atlanta, GA 2010 to 2011 J6 Management Consulting LLC    Developed an effective plan for controlling the project scope, resources, and schedule and cost baseline and monitors the project execution to ensure that the plan is being followed.    Responsible for organizing, project planning and leading software developers and IT architect for Canada SAP/Supply Chain Logistic/International Distribution Centers (IDC) projects using ITSF process improvement projects.    Developed an effective plan for communicating information to the project team, 3PL vendors and stakeholders.    Created written status reports and creates and presents project review documents to senior management Project Steering, Committees/Boards, project governance and project team members.    Monitored project activities for the occurrence of risks and takes timely action to mitigate the risk. Junior Achievement Mentoring Program AT&T- Mobility 2010 to 2010 IT Project / Program Manager Architecture and Engineering - Atlanta, GA 2007 to 2010 Managed and implemented, light speed, billing and inventory applications for networks software solutions by applying SDLC/ITUP Software Development Life Cycle methodologies.    Responsibilities included forecasting, managing, tracking, and reporting project progress, issues, financial and scope changes to achieve successful project completion, on-time, and within budget.    Identified critical paths, contingency plans, budget, financial and manages project risks.    Used Software Quality Assurance (SQA) to verify compliance with SOX-SDLC process.    Tracked project schedule cost, report status, create project documentation, and capture lessons learned. Volunteer Woodland Charter Elementary School 2009 to 2009 Project Manager Data Command Center - Alpharetta, GA 2007 to 2007 J6 Management Consulting LLC    Developed an effective plan for controlling the project scope, schedule and cost baseline and monitors the project execution to ensure that the plan is being followed.    Responsible for organizing, planning and leading IT process improvement projects.    Created and effectively coordinated documentation to explain changes to the baseline and ensures the approved changes are implemented.    Developed an effective plan for communicating information to the project team and to the stakeholders.    Monitored project activities for the occurrence of risks and takes timely action to mitigate the risk. IT Program Director Family and Children First - Dalton, GA 2006 to 2007 Managed employees, contractors and consultants in a project team setting.    Created and supported curriculum and instruction, policy, technology, and communications.    Managed 5 supervisors, 45 contractors in including 3 Medicaid healthcare Information Technologist.    Provided closeout of the project by providing a summary of any outstanding items and lesson learned.    Developed and Lead Project PQI Performance Quality Improvement Team.    Managed RFP's and Government-Local/State contracts deliverables on an ongoing basis. Program Director Family and Children First Georgia Hope - Dalton, GA 2006 to 2007 Taught new employees Training and Orientation.  Developed the curriculum to achieve organizational objectives. Director of Operations Methodist Home for Children - New Orleans, LA 2002 to 2004 Taught new employees Training and Orientation.  Developed the curriculum to achieve organizational objectives.    Director of Operations 2002 - 2004  Methodist Home for Children, New Orleans, LA    Managed overall project plan, budget, structure, schedule and staffing requirements.    Implemented programs, project in all areas IT and human resources.    Reviewed training process and payroll evaluation using Great Plains and SQL technology.    Recruited, hired, trained and directed 56 employees, 5 supervisors, 4 directors and 2 maintenance staff and developed and manage a $2.1 million budget.    Implemented programs in all areas of all human resources included labor relations, compensation and benefits, training, performance management and staffing.    Applied knowledge of project management lifecycle and principles to evaluate network systems LAN/WAN Ethernet Networking Skills Ability to resolve problems. IT Project Manager Wireless Telecommunication Network Engineering - Alpharetta, GA 2000 to 2001 Supported projects using MS Project in all areas of best practices in project management including: training development, coordination and facilitation of meetings; status reporting; developing integrated work plans and schedules, tracking action items, issues, and risks.    Served as a project manager to Cingular/ Nortel Networks directing CDMA Roll-Out Project, GSM system modifications, GSM collocations power rectifiers, and Tower sites.    Assisted engineers with Project build outs and infrastructures upgrades.    Assisted engineers on projects that involved network equipment needs, procurement of equipment from vendors and documentation of equipment pricing, specifications and location information.    Deployed network modification utilizing Nortel's BTS /BSC & Point to Point telecommunications. Project Management PMI 2000 to 2000 Lucent Technologies Caribbean & Latin America - Atlanta, GA 1998 to 2000 Taught Estimation Time Cost & Cycle Management course.  Developed curriculum and trained the employees on best practices.    UU International Project Manager Wireless Telecommunication Network - Alpharetta, GA 1996 to 2000 Directed the project team members and appropriate communications to management regarding the projects and managed overall project plan, budget, structure, schedule and staffing.    Implemented project management lifecycle project including, scope, deliverables, budgets, schedules, risk and quality plans and closely built customer relationships with vendors.    Spear-headed 50- Internationals member team effort to provide Cingular and Bellsouth with turnkey solution for installing GSM/TDMA equipment on existing 1000 cell sites.    Contributed to timely online technology installation by leading 25 estimator's members to integrate GSM technology on existing cell sites for AT&T Wireless and 3G.    Documented record of managing 300+ concurrent projects for major wireless carriers.    Collaborated with RF Engineering, Equipment Engineers to resolve issues on tower and rooftop cell sites including power switching, CPS Rectifiers -48 volt 12.5 Amp, universal power supplies, power cabinets,+24 Volt GPS2408 Plant, 3 kVA inverter, and Electronics Switching System.    U Subject Matter Expert Grambling State University - Grambling, LA 1992 to 1992 UUHighly Competent Subject Areas  Software:    Microsoft Office Suite  Microsoft Project Management    Learning Management Systems:  Desire2Learn  Blackboard  Moodle    Project Management  Agile methodologies (Accenture)  Supply Chain  International Marketing  Team Dynamic  Organizational leadership/ Ethics  Managerial Finance  Information Technology/Telecommunication  Business Administration  Marketing Management  International Business  International Economics  International Trade  International Human Resource  Import and Export Management  Managerial Decision Making  Contract Management  Marketing Management  Business Research  Conflict Resolution and Mediation  Entrepreneur    UUEducational Training Education PhD in Business Administration Northcentral University - San Diego, CA 2016 MS in International Business and Trade Grambling State University - Grambling, LA 1996 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/rebet