Director, Managed Services Group - Professional Services & PMO Director, Managed Services Group - Professional Services &amp; PMO Director, Managed Services Group Professional Services & PMO Marietta, GA An IT Professional Services leader with 19 years of technical, project, and functional management experience-- specializing in the development, coordination, implementation, communication, client satisfaction, and support of all aspects of Information Technology and Project Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, Managed Services Group - Professional Services & PMO Computer Services, Inc - Paducah, KY February 2018 to Present • Directed a consolidated group of 30 Professional Services Engineers, 2 Project Managers, and 3 Functional Managers across 17 remote locations in North America.  • Collaborated with VP and Senior leadership teams to design, budget, and implement lean project execution and technical deployment practices across multiple client-facing and internal departments.  • Responsible for setting the training and development plans for Professional Services functional teams  • Reduced transition time between client onboarding and support timeframes from multiple weeks to within 5 business days by creating and implementing a streamlined Support Handoff process.  • Oversaw and supported the continued success of over 300 simultaneous fixed bid and T&M projects.  • Designed and launched static client project implementation teams, allowing for cross-training of technical duties, mentorship between senior and junior consultants, and long-term client-vendor personal and professional development growth.  • Contributed to lowering operational costs by tapering and eliminating legacy on-call after-hours activities.  • Set, monitored, and measured business objectives for the Managed Services Group Engineering and PMO departments' management teams in accordance to corporate annual goals.  • Set KPI targets for Managed Services Group personnel and provided training and expectations for management team to encourage and reach a 75% client utilization goal within company's AutoTask Professional Services Automation tool.  • Partnered with Directors and VP of Relationship Management to ensure that clients' needs are being analyzed, fulfilled, and augmented by the Professional Services consulting teams. Professional Services Manager Computer Services, Inc - Paducah, KY October 2015 to February 2018 Managed a team of remote and local 15 full-time Professional Services Engineers and 3 Project Managers across North America.  • Responsible for the timely completion of on-budget Professional Services hardware, software, and services consulting engagements across nearly 500 clients in the financial services industry.  • Standardized project management practices and implemented PMI-approved methodologies for success.  • Reduced average project engagement lead time from 180 days to 60 days between contract signature and project kick-off within the first four months of employment.  • Instituted a weekly status reporting system, providing insight into key activities, upcoming events, and issues/concerns from the perspective of the individual engineer and project management resources.  • Recognized as a graduate of company's distinguished Leadership Development Program for future succession planning.  • Performed and managed candidate recruiting, employee coaching, new-hire mentorship, and separation agreement activities within Professional Services department.  • Managed customer relationship satisfaction, serving as escalation point and taking personal interaction in resolving client issues. Business Unit IT Manager Imerys - Atlanta, GA March 2013 to June 2015 • Managed the strategic IT needs for multiple business units across various locations in the United States.  • Provided annual IT budgets based on trending needs, forecasted business revenue, and upcoming industry developments.  • Managed third-party vendors and internal Shared Services resources in project execution and consulting arrangements.  • Performed fraud investigation and subsequently guided the creation of an entirely new segregation of duties matrix in procurement.  • Architected and launched a business unit SharePoint intranet site collection farm, implemented a change management process for business's ERP system, and drove the creation of an enterprise data warehouse, SSAS cube, and SSRS reporting capabilities.  • Brought business unit's IT hardware/software and procedures into compliance with established North American standards.  • Performed role and security audit of business's ERP users to ensure alignment with North America IT standards.  • Served as the business liaison amongst seven business unit and its shared services support team for ERP, deskside support, and ongoing technical projects. Technology Consultant Robert Half Technology - Atlanta, GA February 2013 to March 2013 • Conducted a six-week consulting engagement to review client's two separate CRM applications, and provided recommendations for consolidating usage and processes into a single CRM suite.  • Incorporated industry best practices into client's lead management processes, including metrics and tools for targeting and surveying high probability leads.  • Rewrote client's CRM help documentation and provided onsite training on efficient CRM usage amongst customer service, sales, accounting, and marketing teams.  • Transitioned from external Technology Consultant to internal Business Unit IT Manager for Imerys for the position noted above. IT Project and Systems Manager Call2Recycle - Atlanta, GA March 2005 to November 2012 Developed and managed project plans by conducting interviews with project sponsors, clients, or team members to determine business objectives, strategic financial priorities, resource alignment across cross- functional departmental teams.  • Planned and championed multiple strategic project initiatives, including reducing direct operational costs by 5%, increasing incremental revenue by $1.75million over two years, and securing a qualified individual to serve as Corporate Human Resources officer in a non-profit environment.  • Managed disaster recovery policy creation, including infrastructure upgrades, redundancy, and high- availability phone system hunt groups alternating between the US and Canadian offices.  • Defined the organization's IT infrastructure and platform strategy for 2012 by creating an actionable and budget-conscious functional plan based on feedback from senior management's impressions of 2011 successes and shortcomings.  • Created processes and documentation standards for in-house project work efforts ranging from Plan-On-A-Page one-sheeters to complex technical manuals, functional specification templates, master project plans, deployment guides, and training material for the newly created Project Management Office used by the entire organization.  • Managed, maintained, and supported network and systems infrastructure including corporate email, custom and retail applications, databases, perimeter security devices, remote VPN access, workstations, and virtualized server environments.  • Planned and executed enterprise level hardware redundancy strategies, wrote custom business-specific software applications, created a "remote office" environment for non-corporate field employees, implemented an entirely new, customized CRM solution for inventory and customer management.  • Created a centralized web application for creating and managing customer orders and returns, and supplying near real-time reporting information to customers.  • Managed a multi-million dollar inventory of IT hardware, including PCs, servers, storage, firewalls, and networking hardware.  • Evaluated and implemented new and emerging technologies such as site-to-site VPN, virtualization, and online workspace collaboration.  • Supervised internal IT support department and external vendors responsible for the company's desktop, server, application, and telecom assets. IT Consultant Logic Technology, Inc - Atlanta, GA May 2000 to March 2005 Designed, coded, reviewed, and supported numerous web applications for two Fortune 500 clients using emerging web technologies and methodologies including JSP, PHP, SSO, and Oracle AOS/SQL.  • Architected and coded a highly acclaimed internal appropriation request tracking tool that allowed the business to submit, track, approve, and post transactions to the general ledger for capital expenditures. Appropriation tool was selected as one of client's "Best New Projects" in 2003 in the multinational conglomerate organization.  • Sourced and managed a team of skilled software developers and business analysts for simultaneous engagements in re-developing and expanding existing notable software application across diverse business units.  • Served as consulting firm's "first man in" in new client environments due success in ascertaining clients' needs quickly and delivering scalable, cost-effective results in a friendly manner. Education Bachelor of Arts(B.A.) in Political Science University of Louisville - Louisville, KY May 2000 Skills Strategic Planning, Business Intelligence, Budgeting/Forecasting, Operational Excellence, Mentoring, Coaching