Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Status Not Quo Valencia, CA Work Experience Project Manager Status Not Quo - Valencia, CA July 2018 to Present Using a hybrid Waterfall/Agile methodology, define project scope and deliverables based on client's needs  ? Perform a myriad of tasks to meet project timelines, including Jira task creation, SEO identification and updates,  website design, copy creation and marketing launch plans Oversight Compliance Analyst AmeriHome Mortgage Co - Woodland Hills, CA March 2016 to November 2017 Metrics Reporting  ? Develop metrics and reports for Management that monitored team's effectiveness and efficiencies. Team was able  to improve output by 30% using the data collected.  ? Create technical requirements/use cases for Technology group to create the automation of loan selections from mainframe for monthly Compliance audits Project Management Analyst - IT Shield HealthCare - Santa Clarita, CA July 2014 to February 2016 Coordinate and implement corporate projects and initiatives while maintaining HIPAA compliance  ? Analyze, develop and recommend testing approaches based on business requirements Product Owner Princess Cruises - Santa Clarita, CA October 2009 to July 2014 - Marketing Scrum Team: Web Site Content  ? Lead long and medium term Marketing web site projects using Agile/Scrum methodology  ? Accountable for the success, maintenance and performance of assigned web site components - saw an increase in customer engagement of 25%  Manager - Web Operations, Princess.com  ? Develops, coordinates and implements Marketing website projects including design, development, and maintenance  phases  ? Creates and assembles documentation and coordinates with IT personnel and business owners/analysts  (enterprise-wide) relative to project status and scheduled timelines: ensures established design requirements are  within set timelines  ? Responsible for a team of associates tasked to make website updates and perform smaller marketing projects  ? Communicates project status to senior management, production and design team members Project Management Consultant, The Walt Disney Company and Countrywide Bank Software Management Consultants, Inc - Glendale, CA March 2007 to November 2008 Glendale, CA March 2007 - November 2008  Project Management Consultant, The Walt Disney Company and Countrywide Bank Project Manager GMAC - RFC - Burbank, CA July 2006 to March 2007 Created PMO methodology (templates) for repeatable process using best practices  ? Established standards and procedures for project tracking, reporting and documentation Project Manager - Associate Washington Mutual Bank - Chatsworth, CA February 2002 to July 2006 Successfully implemented Customer Online Check Images project  ? Supervised technical teams while coordinating and developing testing criteria Education Certification in Fast Start College of the Canyons - Valencia, CA Links http://Salesforce.com Certifications/Licenses Driver's License