Operations Manager Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> Bilingual IT Professional Aurora, OH Bilingual IT professional with expertise in project management and business application life cycle, including initial feasibility study, analysis, design, programming, training, implementation, support and maintenance. Client-oriented project manager with experience managing projects from inception through completion. Highly skilled in identifying, analyzing and clarifying business requirements and developing business unit strategies. More than ten years of experience in information technology consulting in public and private sector environments such as banking, financial, health and telecommunication. A motivational leader capable of building relationships, high performance teams and serving as liaison between business team and IT, effective at different levels of staff integrating cross-functional teams. Work Experience Operations Manager ENVIROPAK INC January 2014 to Present • Manage company operations including production, work planning, training, quality control, maintenance, accounting, and customer experience. Contribute to achieving operational goals through information analysis and recommendations that align with company strategic plans.  • Manage all aspects of projects from inception through completion on time, within budget, while meeting the planned scope and applying PMI project management best practices.  • Identify and propose projects to support and achieve the company's strategic plans.  • Research, propose and support new IT initiatives to improve solutions and achieve business units short and long term goals thru the use of technology.  • Analyze equipment output potential and develop productivity goals by implementing, controlling and evaluating change.  • Conduct bi-weekly operations status meetings. Lead project status meetings with teams and stakeholders, maintaining leadership and relationships at all levels to effectively deliver solutions that achieve the business goals.  • Participate in development and execution of annual budget. Project Manager Procesa August 2013 to January 2014 • Managed Accounting System Implementation Project, established functions and data entry tasks in order to generate financial reports.  • Established procedures to ensure the accurate processing of information and generation of reports within required timelines. Office Administrator AUSTIN OUTDOOR / CORNERSTONE SOLUTIONS GROUP - Jacksonville, FL May 2010 to June 2013 • Provided administrative support to Northeast Florida Region Manager, Region Business Developer, eight Account Managers and two Technical Managers.  • Created, developed and implemented new processes to drive efficiencies.  • Drove region in achieving compliance of all administrative policies and procedures. Compliance raised from 61% to 98%.  • Led development of continuing improvement initiatives in the areas of procedures, reporting and delivery of information.  • Managed, verified accuracy and logged all information for corporate accounting operations, including Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Reconciliation, Expenses Report, Purchase Orders and Work Orders. Provided support to Corporate Accounting Specialists.  • Assisted region office with local IT support. Project Coordinator FIRST DATA INTERNATIONAL - Panama City, PA August 2007 to December 2007 • Managed multiple customer projects concurrently from start up to production, on time, within budget, while meeting the planned scope, applying PMI project management best practices.  • Responsible for managing internal projects, such as implementation of new IT applications (for example SharePoint) by internal departments or external providers. Supported integration projects that required the fusion of two or more customers into one.  • Facilitated communication and integration of activities between internal and customer project team. Managed project plan execution coordinating with customer's Project Manager.  • Organized meetings and conference calls with project team. Created, distributed and maintained agenda, tasks, activities and minutes and follow up to complete results.  • Planned, engaged and managed multiple department personnel integrated into a single project team, including Business Analysts, Quality Assurance, Security and IT groups (Communication, Infrastructure and Programming). Defined activities, roles and responsibilities, estimated sequences, duration and assigned resources. Also assured the availability of hardware, software, equipment and infrastructure needed for the project.  • Managed project communication through organization's weekly bulletin. Developed status update reports and presentation biweekly for operation committee, and monthly for executive committee meetings.  • Developed and implemented budget to control cost. Presented monthly project status and ordered monthly billing to customer in accordance with phase of project advancement.  • Contributed with new initiative and supported Project Management Director in order to strengthen the PMI Project Management standard within the company.  • Designed, planned and developed internal control forms, work orders, documentation and training in support of PMI standards within the organization. Executed training for executive, administrative and technical personnel.  • Responsible for project closing and planned post implementation support, including resolution of all implementation incidents, prior to live production.  • Responsible for collection, distribution and storage of all project information and communication.  • Designed and implemented lesson learned documentation and meeting within the organization. Project Management Consultant SOLUCIONES EXPERTAS, S.A - Panama City, PA September 2006 to July 2007 • MBA Thesis, "Introduction of Project Management into the Organization", was based on my experience in this company.  • Introduced and implemented the recognized practices of the Project Management Body of Knowledge in into Soluciones Expertas, S. A. Programming Manager TECNASA -Tecnología Aplicada S. A. Panama City - Jacksonville, FL 1998 to 2003 • Promoted from Craning Manager to positions of increased responsibility during six year career with leading Panamanian IT company.  • Managed Application Projects for internal and external customers.  • Started up programming department which created entire system's lifecycle of company's internal applications and customized application for clients. This included CRM, HR, Assets Fixed, Products Warranty Tracking by bar code product identification, and Outsourcing Programming Services.  • Implemented new technology in software development tools and databases, thus improving efficiency in services activities and decreasing expenses.  • Hired, trained, developed and managed more than ten IT professional analyst-developers. Committed to developing staff to achieve the optimal skills and kept them updated with emerging technology.  • Researched and evaluated emerging technology, profitability and feasibility of new business opportunities; established partnership in Panama and abroad with software provider.  • Analyzed customer's business software needs, made proposal, project scoping, and client's presentations for development of customized applications; enhanced existing software or purchased new software.  • Served as a technical advisor in support of the Programming business unit's products and services. Formulated and controlled department annual budget, met Programming business unit's project, products and services quality. Training Manager 1998 to 1998 • Developed and supported technical certified training for internal and customer IT staff to keep them current and certified in latest technology.  • Managed training center resources. Formulated and controlled department budget, met training business unit's sales target and services quality. IT Coordinator NATIONAL PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL-ACADEMIC HOSPITAL - Ministry of Health 1996 to 1998 Republic of Panama  IT Coordinator 1996 - 1998  • Started IT Department, leading the team of developers who implemented the hospital administration information system. Developed the Administration Unit IT strategy, from conception to production. Acted as liaison between IT and different administration units as Accounting, Budget, Procurement, Maintenance, Warehouse and Pharmacy.  • Directed staff of 10+ and all IT functions such as data entry, technical support, application development, disaster-recovery planning.  • Technical advisor for IT Procurement Unit. Formulated hardware, software service specifications for acquisition. Developed and managed service program and warranty provider's contracts. Education MBA Santa Maria La Antigua University 2007 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Technological University of Panama 1997 Skills MS Office, Accounting Applications, Communication, Critical thinking, analytical and problem solving, Customer oriented, build long lasting relationships., training, Excel, Microsoft Office, Operations, Management, Inventory Control