Project Management Office Director <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Office Director Project Management Office Director Manhattan, NY Proven leader effective at building and motivating high performance teams within matrixed organizations to deliver breakthrough results and committed business value creation. 20 years of experience delivering and driving executional excellence across complex, large-scale & global projects of 35+ individuals with budgets more than $42M. Detail orientated, and results driven leader with a proven track record of delivering projects on time, on quality, and on budget while successfully navigating risks, executional barriers, and highly dynamic and agile technology and organizational environments. Work Experience Project Management Office Director Digitalware - Manhattan, NY February 2019 to Present Led scoping of client work, identifying appropriate resources, setting goals, tracking and reporting progress, developing schedules, and communicating with clients and internal teams. Ensured that all client projects are delivered on time and that all maintenance and support work is planned and delivered.    • Developed standards, methodologies, and best practices for client delivery.   • Ensure that standards are uniformly adopted and practiced across the entire professional services organization.   • Assisted in increasing professional services utilization, efficiency, profitability, quality, and consistency while ensuring business and process continuity.   • Evaluated the road map for all major customers long-term visions and help develop service offerings that appropriately match their business needs and budgets.   • Refine and develop methodologies, tools, and programs around implementations, upgrades, and other services on an ongoing basis.   • Optimized communication and ensure effective knowledge transfer and hand-offs between related departments such as Sales, Project Management, Technology, and Operations.   • Directed and managed project development from beginning to end of the project lifecycle.   • Defined project scope, goals, and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.   • Effectively communicated project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.   • Analyzed and recommended process and program improvements across functional teams for the entire organization.   Program Manager / Certified Scrum Master Wilson Elser Moskowitz Edelman & Dicker LLP - Manhattan, NY October 2018 to February 2019 Led a Cyber Security Program to implement new technology capabilities including a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) cloud-based solution with a managed service partnership.      • Effectively communicated and presented vendor evaluations to senior leadership; which consisted of a technical and non-technical audience.   • Obtained technical experience by leading the SIEM (Security Information & Event Management) system implementation; including the development of use cases, rules and reporting to meet governance standards.  • Integrated with diverse IT environments and technologies, such as log/data collection from a variety of network, server, and security systems.   • Identified and development of threat-centric security monitoring use cases to drive underlying SIEM monitoring rules.   • Defined and established steady state support processes for project implementations to transition to the operations team.   • Translated Vision and Goals into actionable Request for Proposals for Network Connectivity Assessment, Data Center Build Out & Migration Strategy, and Vulnerability and Risk Assessment.   HCM Transformation Program Leader Fifth Third Bank June 2018 to October 2018 Leading a $42M program to transition the company from SAP onto Workday cloud-based solution, organize and manage the transition of data for 18K employees, the migration of 120+ applications built on the current HCM platform, and the refactoring of 130+ integrations;  saving $6.4M per year in run-rate costs.    • Defined program operating model and engaged senior leadership to obtain the right resources for success.  • Successfully aligned the key workstreams; target timelines, and objectives of the program across multiple  organizations with competing objectives.  • Led regular communications and senior executive engagement ensuring visibility to progress and where their help may be needed.  • Responsible for managing the assigned project managers ensuring appropriate methodology adoption,  barriers and obstacles are removed and/or managed effectively, milestones are being delivered, and risks  are being minimized. PM Portfolio & Delivery Manager Fifth Third Bank October 2016 to October 2018 Responsible for project delivery across Capital Markets and Corporate Applications delivering against 30 projects with a spend of $22M. Mentor and coach 20 project  managers across the organization and directly managed a team of six project managers.  • Established the first holistic integrated ability to effectively manage resource supply and demand planning,  project prioritization, and drive flawless executional excellence.  • Recognized thought leader for portfolio and project management methodologies and tools with a proven  ability to drive transformational change and process improvements.  • Leader in stakeholder and escalation management in getting competing priorities aligned and removing  operational and political barriers to ensure project delivery success. Principal Project Manager Fifth Third Bank October 2015 to October 2016 Responsible for delivering two key projects, ACH and Sterling  Transformation Project within the Payments and Corporate Platform and Infrastructure categories representing  $2M in spend and supported the company's transacting of ~$1B as their core transfer technologies and capabilities.    • Established and managed all project artifacts e.g. project schedules, risk registers, resource plans, issue  tracker, project charter, and etc according to the 5/3 project management methodology  • Engaged with senior leadership to obtain resources, approve acceptance of risks, and review milestones and deliverables.  • Designed and coached the Sterling platform manager to adopt a service management approach which helped make it a strategic capability and established a future roadmap that was user and value focused  versus being solely focused on technical features. Project Manager NA Hair Care July 2015 to July 2016 Responsible for helping the client scope and plan the implementation for NA PIPO special projects and strategic initiatives, including the development and  implementation of the strategic plan and long-range strategic initiatives, as determined by the  Associate Director of NA Hair Care for P&G.  o Managed the team in a short sprint to find both short and near term options for reducing IDE and crafting a long strategic vision to make the improvements systemic. Project Manager Axcess Financial April 2015 to September 2015 Held dual accountability for managing complex projects and leading the process improvement within the  PMO, overseeing a team of 10+ to deliver process management, product enhancements, and service  management projects.    • Completely overhauled program / portfolio management processes to create measurable and quantitative reports within Innotas while improving portfolio dashboards to highlight value, resource  constraints and prioritization for the department.  • Deployed a PMO Center of Excellence to identify, prioritize, define, and implement improvements to the  PMO organization wide to achieve best-in-class status.  • Led over 7 regulatory projects simultaneously delivering all on time and within budget, despite numerous  setbacks due to congressional roadblocks.  • Managed multiple concurrent enterprise fraud management projects to reduce fraud vulnerability  company-wide through the implementation into multiple channels saving $1.6M annually.  • Salvaged troubled projects for Marketing Analytics, stepping in after delays had damaged the client  relationship. Re-baselined project schedule, identified and resolved major issues, and delivered flawless  models two weeks ahead of revised schedule. Manager Consultant Sogeti USA June 2011 to April 2015 Responsible for the career development and coaching of 6 direct  consultants and senior consultants as well as 9 indirect team members supporting the P&G account. Global Solution Manager Sogeti USA January 2014 to July 2014 Managed two Financial Services applications designed to accurately consolidate and communicate both to top level executive leadership and Wall Street the corporate earnings accounting for global currency exchange rates / impacts across the hundreds of  unique global legal entities.  o Worked with system architects and application developers to translate requirements into software updates and managed those through to the lifecycle into production.  o Responsible for ensuring that change management processes were fully leveraged ensuring  operational excellence and zero impact to end users. Project Manager Sogeti USA January 2014 to April 2014 Led IT program and project management for strategic IT initiatives  including:  o Managed multi-site global team of 15+ to develop EDI solution and deploy to over 100 partners;  that helped save the client $10.3M in potential inventory waste.  o Led 12-month, $2.1M system implementation for EDI message types (GUSI, ANSI, EDIFACT) on  SAP platform for over 100 Suppliers.  o Optimized deployment processes by identifying all interdependencies across the 3  business units to reduced deployment from 6 months to 4 months; a 33% reduction. Service Manager Sogeti USA July 2013 to December 2013 Led planning and strategy development for professionalizing the  Service Management team responsible for running more than 300 services to P&G.  o Developed an End to End Communication and Commercialization Strategy to grow the service management competency for more than 600 P&G service and solution managers.  o Led the creation and optimization of the Global Financial Operations portfolio of services,  solutions, and capabilities. Portfolio Planning Leader Sogeti USA January 2013 to June 2013 Led Finance Department toward a centralization and standardization of portfolio management throughout their organization.  o Led the global Work Process Transformation project which assisted 150+ PM's to improve  execution consistency and adoption of the portfolio management suite of tools.  o Optimized Portfolio Management Governance process which improved data accuracy by 45% across all categories.  o Managed global capacity planning and reporting, portfolio performance, and value creation.  o Responsible for engaging and inform executive leadership on portfolio health and to drive  action across the organization. Project / Portfolio Manager Cintas November 2012 to December 2012 Advocated for and implemented MS Project Server for project and portfolio management capabilities for 100+ person PMO organization. Led team of 15 to define strategy, develop processes, tools and training for a $50M portfolio.  o Led 5 projects in coordination with various business units with a total budget of $500K to achieve  operational efficiencies of 10% through the development of mobile applications for workforce.  o Created the portfolio management framework using PMI best practices to encompass people,  processes, and tools to drive more discipline within their established PMO office. Application Manager / Business Analysis Sogeti USA July 2012 to October 2012 Qualification, Change Management and  Deployment of 3 Executive Compensation mobile applications  o Managed the entire lifecycle for change and development processes e.g. requirements  definition, working with programming team, test design & execution, and end user sensing.  o Led the identification and implementation of systemic resolutions for Incident and Problem  Management for users experiencing a range of issues with the application. Global Portfolio Manager Sogeti USA June 2011 to June 2012 Implemented PPMC (PPM) system with project / portfolio  management capabilities to 1000+ Project Managers. Led team of 35+ to create the portfolio  management framework to include the strategy, processes, tools, templates and training for a $900M  portfolio.  o Led the establishment and transition of the Portfolio Management Service to an India based  team of 8 individuals for operationalizing the portfolio management framework.  o Built and implemented a self-service community-based support model connecting all IT PM's.  o Developed and deployed the scorecard for tracking the portfolio performance within IT  organization. Project Manager Chiquita Brands International, LLC October 2008 to June 2011 Originally hired as an Assistant Project Manager and quickly offered a Project Manager position in less than a year. Implemented Clarizen (PPM) system with project / portfolio management capabilities to 150+ Project Managers. Led team of 12+ to define strategy, develop processes, tools and training for a $275M portfolio.    • Led project team of 20+ to achieve successful project launches, steering 14+ products into production roll- out with over $150MM in Net Outside Sales utilizing Six Sigma methodology for plant manufacturing.  • Accountable for working directly with group presidents to resolve production issues and receive sign-off on execution plans.  • Designed and developed reporting metrics and communications to senior leadership for assessing the help of the IT portfolio IT Business Manager Southwestern College June 2007 to October 2008 Managed the Business Office which comprised of 3 individuals responsible for employee HR relations, training and inventory management. Developed databases to improve the management of more than $1M annually in accounts payable, receivables, and budget. Developed standardized training for all adjunct instructors. Business Solution Manager W5 Solutions September 2005 to June 2007 Managed the project plans, roll out schedules, web development, and quality testing activities for more than  25 clients. Responsible for working with clients to develop clear business requirements as well as negotiating  contracts. Implemented change management practices to reduce recoding and retesting by 23%. IT Specialist / City Clerk City of Newport - Newport, KY September 2002 to September 2005 Drove improvements across administrative processes reducing redundancy and expedited workflows.  Developed new channels for engaging citizens by designing the city's web presence strategy and website.  Managed the Administrative Support Team of 3 individuals to the City Commission and City Manager. Operator Analyst Fifth Third Bank October 2001 to September 2002 Managed the day to day operation of more than 250 servers and ensured that regularly scheduled back-ups and recovery processes transacted correctly. Network Administrator City of Bellevue - Bellevue, OH January 1998 to May 2001 Managed the city-wide network including the monitoring and configuration of the servers, workstations, email, and back-up processes. Developed a database system to track daily activities such as information requests,  permit issuance, and other administrative processes. Education Masters in Management American Public University 2012 Bachelor in Digital Design/Visual Communications American InterContinental University 2007 Associate of Arts in Business Administration American InterContinental University 2005 Skills PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (10+ years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS (10+ years), INNOTAS (Less than 1 year), BUDGETING (7 years), Cloud Computing (5 years), ERP (6 years), Program Management (10+ years), problem solving, Teaching Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) CSM A-CSM Groups Project Management Institute Scrum Alliance Additional Information Areas of Expertise:    • Conflict Management • Quality Management • Risk and Issue Management  • Program & Project Management • Portfolio Management • Demand Planning  • ERP / Cloud Implementations • Budgeting & Forecasting • Resource Management  • Vendor Management • Business Analysis • Business Process Improvements  • Change Management • Product Development • Estimation / Scheduling    Technical Skills:    • MS Project / Server • HPE PPM • SAP / SAPii  • Clarizen • Primavera • Innotas  • Clarity • Daptiv • MS Office Suite / SharePoint  • MS Visio • Rally • Jira