Job Seeker Stewartville, MN I bring many years of IT experience with me as potential candidate for you current technology openings. I have been involved with technology for many years, at first as a hobby interest to a career path that has been very rewarding and exciting over my professional career. I enjoy all the new technologies and challenges of technology and I look forward to learning and working for many years to come. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Hawkeye Technology Service May 1993 to Present Technical Service and Support 05/93-Present  I was a sole proprietor for a small company that I built on my own. I created a very loyal customer base. I worked on just about anything in the tech filed, from computers and networks to low voltage and electronics. During my running of this company' I learned an incredible amount about business and technology having done this, knowledge that comes from hard knocks and you won't fin in a class room. Project Manager Tiger Ace Hardware April 2013 to August 2016 I started out at Tiger Ace as just something to do to keep me busy since I has sold most of my company off. My duties started out as retail sales and store help, however, shortly after starting, they keep adding more and more duties to my job description to the point of becoming a full-time manager. My daily task includes everything from customer relations to network admin. Most days I take care of ordering and tracking sales trends, along with helping staff and customers.  Abraham Consulting Senior IT Manager 04/13-08/16  I was responsible for all aspects of IT, from simple infection removals to complete network construction. One of my many job duties was to setup up new clients into our cloud services, along with email hosting and data protection and hosting solutions, during my employment, we a increase in sales and clients, both commercial and residential.  I was also in charge of and the only tech to cover our growing client base built around the Apple product line. team member Rochester School District May 2005 to August 2006 Technology Support 05/05-08/06  I was a member of a team supporting over 5000 workstations and several hundred servers.  As a team member, I created and maintained policies in Active Directory and network security  Monitoring computer usage, network devices and resources was part of our tasks as weBrian Stockman  507-923-6143 brianstockman@icloud.com 2211 Petersen Drive NW Stewartville, MN 55976  ll  Maintaining security and protecting our staff and students from outside threats  Updating and developing new technology hardware, software and plans IT Manager Gerard Treatment Programs April 2003 to May 2005 I was given the task to oversee all aspects of the technology department, from purchasing to support and repair to security and monitoring along with designing network plans, installing servers, workstations, network devices and cabling.  Maintain security and manage users and account in an Active Directory Domain  Manage backups and restores, updates and patches and security.  Maintain wireless network to extend network across our several campuses WD product support Western Digital February 2002 to February 2003 Customer Support 02/02-02/03  I worked with a team to provide technical support for customers and OEM clients, find solution for clients with sometime unique challenges and maintain a high level of quality support  I also would troubleshoot and solve technical issues with WD products in custom and OEM systems.  Testing new products for fit, performance, compatibility and function in OEM client applications.  I helped create technical guideline for internal WD product support, I was the only tech at WD to support Apple clients when I started, I created the guidelines for future Apple techs to learn from and follow. Stewartville School District October 1998 to April 2001 While at the school district, I helped support over 500 workstations and several servers, including AS/400, Lotus Notes, and one of the first thin client labs in the area. I also performed regular network and workstation maintenance and updates.  I was tasked with many jobs, some of which were to configure and install servers and workstations, Backups and restores, security and updates. I also was involved with the repair of many types of electronics for the school and integrated the phone system into the two-way radio system. Education Computer Science Northeast Iowa Tech Skills LOW VOLTAGE (10+ years), SECURITY (5 years), ANDROID (4 years), IOS (5 years), LINUX (5 years) Additional Information Skills  Mac OS/ iOS, Android, Linux, Windows desktops and server OS. Embedded devices, switches, routers, smart devices, network structures, security, low voltage systems.