IT Project Manager (Financial and Planning) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Financial and Planning) IT Project Manager Miramar, FL Proven project leader consistently achieving results and exceeding expectations. Project management experience in gap analysis, gathering requirements, spec and blueprint writing, training personnel, C-level presentations, and preparation of reports. Expertise includes Change management, ERP/CRM implementation and strong understanding of SDLC process and Agile Scrum Methodologies. Excellent interpersonal, leadership, and motivational skills. Fluent in English and Spanish. Work Experience IT Project Manager (Financial and Planning) Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd - Miramar, FL November 2017 to Present Provide internal consulting for multiple high value IT projects for Shipboard and Shoreside. Work with Directors to confirm portfolio alignment with the organizational strategy. Lead estimate preparation, planning/scheduling and financial monitoring of the IT Portfolio. Act as a focal point for the organization, in relation to improving project ROI and supporting revenue and profitability growth targets. Enforce department metrics and work with leadership to improve the planning process. Implement a goal tracking process and coordinate preparation of roadmaps.  ·        Implemented portfolio/ project management disciplines and tools to facilitate the portfolio planning processes.  ·        Managed IT Information Security Portfolio of $50M with success by introducing new planning and forecasting methods.  Project Manager CarePlus Healthcare (subsidiary of Humana Inc) - Miami, FL October 2014 to October 2017 Used project management skills to plan and execute the analysis, development and improvement of new processes and practices across functional areas within the Member Services Department. Evaluated the effects of process changes by quantitatively and qualitatively measuring them against internal and external benchmarks. Promoted the implementation of best practices across multiple business areas and organizations. Responsible for the Reporting and Data Analysis Department (RDA).  ·        Automated Department's reports using Access, excel, SQL, and Task Scheduler  ·        Created interdepartmental processes to avoid tasks' duplications and redundancies  ·        Successfully approved internal and external Audits - CMS Passing score 100% Delivery Project Manager Aquanima (subsidiary of Santander Financial Group) - Boston, MA 2009 to 2014 Delivery Project Manager                              Worked closely with C-level executives to define and implement procedures and policies for strategic initiatives. Led global and local teams on system integrations. Managed operations, designed and implemented operations plans, resolved operational problems; developed performance scorecard; developed and maintained training manuals/templates and executed all assigned change management initiatives. Operated as liaison between business stakeholders and the Departments. Prepared and presented Project Status Reports and Presentations to senior executives.  ·        Improved service quality by 10% by preparing and executing the training program for the US Market  ·        Increased team efficiency by 30% by rethinking and redesigning processes among Departments    Project Manager  Led integration projects and ERP implementations between the company and external clients. Prepared the business case, communications plan, procurement plan and risk management plans for assigned projects and presented them to the Approvals Committees;  ·        Implemented Ariba and SAP with success in the US headquarters in less than 2 years  ·        Centralized document collections resulting in improved audit results by 30%  Increased integration between integration planning processes and purchasing by 60% Senior Project Manager Ryaco SA - Buenos Aires, AR 2007 to 2008 Managed user adoption activities on various projects. Surveyed functions areas of Client company; prepared business requirements; set up knowledge management systems integral to sharing best practices; designed and executed training programs for Client company managers and key users; prepared resource plans, assisted in post-implementation monitoring and support; and the creation of lessons learned.  ·        Increased productivity by an average of 38% by implementing a quality and integrity methodology  ·        Reduced labor consumption on key activities by 36% by introducing Geminis ERP (Enterprise Resources Planning)  ·        Implemented CRM/ERP in more than 10 client environments Project Manager Cardinal Assistance SA - Buenos Aires, AR 2006 to 2007 Led the implementation of the new Medical Centers logistic and customer service system; assisted and managed post implementation support. Managed 10 associates in the department of logistics and call center services. Activities included requirements gathering and analysis, solutions development; and staff selection and training.  ·        Introduced a new method of logistics which improved clients’ participation by 40%  ·        Reduced costs by 27% by executing a strategic business plan developed using decision tree, multiple objective matrix, and sensitivity analysis  Project Analyst Quasar SA - Buenos Aires, AR 2005 to 2006 Analyzed business needs; led planning and scheduling, designed workflow processes; facilitated meetings with clients; prepared the project calendars and project communications.   ·        Led processing changes in more than ten Client companies  ·        Implemented Summa ERP (Windows platform and SQL Server Database Engine) in more than 9 client companies  ·        Reduced costs by 10% by implementing project management disciplines and planning and new administrative techniques Supervisor CableVision SA - Buenos Aires, AR 1998 to 2004 Buenos Aires, Argentina (www.cablevision.com.ar) 1998- 2004  Leading cable television company with over 1500 employees and over 1 M Customers. Shareholder: Citicorp Equity Investment (CEI) and Telefónica International.  Supervisor  Supervised and trained a staff of 16 people while reporting to the Manager of Customer Services. Prepared daily reports and staffing statistics; analyzed daily performance of the department.  • Improved customer service management by 40% by introducing new practices in negotiation and retention of clients  • Reduced customer processing time by 20% through improved customer service techniques Education Management Consulting HARVARD - Harvard, MA MA in Business Administration HULT INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SCHOOL Skills Ms project, Software development, Visio, Visual basic, Sql, Erp, Jd edwards, Sap, Ariba, Sharepoint, Change management, Life cycle, Software development life cycle, Sdlc, Pmp, Jira, Jde, As400, Time management, Budgeting, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology, Project Management, CSM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/carolinazapponi Certifications/Licenses PMP July 2019 to July 2022