Director of Infrastructure Director of Infrastructure Director of Infrastructure - Hanna Andersson Vancouver, WA • Versatile, high-energy senior information technology executive who dares to imagine - and implement - the transformational  possibilities of emerging technologies; expertise includes IT infrastructure, applications, and global change initiatives with Cloud,  ITIL, and data science technologies with complementary skills in strategy formulation, planning and execution, process  improvement, and turnaround management.  • Verifiable success in strengthening enterprise-wide IT operations, reducing operating costs, implementing newer methodologies  and improving efficiency and bottom-line profitability through creativity, innovation, continuous improvement and strategic  transformational leadership.  • Highly adept at leveraging technology to address and resolve issues, resulting in substantial gains in technical and business  operations performance.  • Influential leader, who leverages true passion and an unwavering commitment to excellence to build and lead high performing IT  teams, consistently navigating the complex waters of business to secure positive results in challenging and highly competitive  markets.  • Looking to leverage my hard-earned technical expertise into a broad range of executive/technical roles.    PROFICIENCY FORTE  ? Strategic Planning & Execution ? ROI Optimization & Impact Analysis ? Detail-oriented  ? Data Science & Management ? Project/Program Management ? Executive Consulting  ? Cloud Computing ? Business Intelligence ? Process Improvements  ? Stakeholder Management ? Risk & Compliance ? Team Building Leadership  ? Emerging Technologies ? Multi-layer Security ? Excellent Interpersonal Skills Work Experience Director of Infrastructure Hanna Andersson - Portland, OR January 2018 to Present Core Focus: Provide strategic vision and leadership to infrastructure, cloud, service support and corporate architecture operations for this  premier global retailer of children's apparel. Responsible for recruiting, training and motivating multi-faceted IT team, providing necessary  resources, assigning tasks, setting schedules, solving difficult technical issues, improving service delivery and driving operational excellence.  Key Contributions:  * Executed comprehensive IT strategy for failing corporate infrastructure, service center, e-commerce, distribution, PCI compliancy  and audits, and other key initiatives.  * Champion the use of cloud technology in fast-paced business environment across all facets of the organization and develop the future state Enterprise Architecture (organization, process, information, application, and infrastructure).  * Worked with a wide variety of stakeholders such as CEO, CFO, and COO as well as business unit managers, internal customers and third parties (integrating with different service providers).  * Explored stakeholder concerns and re-engineered business processes in order to exploit opportunities, recommended  simplification, improvement or redefinition of the processes and adjusted IT strategy to the business strategy and objectives, resulting in major efficiencies and significant increases in operational revenue and customer experience.  * Negotiated and implemented new Telco and data circuit contracts to 80 national retail store locations and 4 corporate locations  alleviating bandwidth constraints, non-existent failover, and aged network infrastructure.  * Dealing with a single point of failure data center, alighted the retail infrastructure to start utilizing cloud-based solutions such as Azure that enabled regional server services in addition to multiple failover points throughout the nation. Global IT Infrastructure Manager Core Health and Fitness - Portland, OR April 2014 to January 2018 Core Focus: Advanced to increasingly responsible positions culminating in a key leadership role to devise roadmap and long-term Global IT  strategy for this global manufacturer and retailer of fitness equipment.  Key Contributions:  * Selected to lead a companywide improvement in corporate communication and collaboration utilizing the entire O365 suite  alleviating rogue project management and file distribution aligning all business units to a standardized process driven structure.  * Planned and managed from scratch the turn up of a new data center in an Oregon colocation to implement developed BCDR plans  with scalable centralized data and infrastructure achieving 100% uptime since go live.  * Hired and developed IT staff as well as built high performing teams.  * Implemented employee career development standardization and documentation to encourage employee growth and track  deliverables and performance goals.  * Identified inflated costs in the department and reduced spending by strategically aligning new and existing business needs to an appropriate flow or process. Project Manager of Technology Zethos Consulting - Portland, OR September 2012 to April 2014 Core Focus: Contracted to Danner/Lacrosse Footwear - Manufacturer of hiking, hunting, work, military and law enforcement boots.  Hand-picked to design and implement brick and mortar retail store IT infrastructure from the ground up. Including back office  foundations, retail POS, digital signage, disaster recovery and business continuity, and process flow.  Key Contributions:  * Deployed service delivery solutions to meet customer needs and increase stability of support, reducing unplanned outages and improving internal and external customer satisfaction.  * Developed project management standards and coordinated business, software, system development, integration, and data center  move. Director of IT Campbell Group - Portland, OR November 2007 to September 2012 Core Focus: Hired and promoted rapidly through the ranks of this global timber investment and financial firm. Provided strategic  direction and leadership to services included systems support, infrastructure systems, data center operations, and technology staff.  Key Contributions:  * Analyzed and implemented Recovery Point Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objective (RTO) to set infrastructure and software  in line with SLA's recovery policies.  * Revamped international and domestic office infrastructure (30 offices in total) to provide centralized data stores utilizing Xen App  client server technology and DFSR replication streamlining data access and recovery allowing end user to gain global access the data and data services.  * Directed a headquarters data center rebuild due to office remodel. With a focus on data integrity and disaster recovery  successfully finished in-line with remodel construction phase's achieving almost zero downtime. Education Master of Business Administration in Information Technology Management in Information Technology Management Western Governors University 2016 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Phoenix University 2007 Associates in Information Technology in Information Technology Herald College 2000 Skills CHANGE MANAGEMENT, THOUGHT LEADERSHIP, PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS, EXECUTIVE LEVEL, Strategic Planning, budget Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  * Experience of more than 19 years with progressively increasing responsibilities in meeting and exceeding client and corporate  expectations within the Information Technology, Technology Delivery and Project Management environment.  * Demonstrated strengths in leading global transformation projects, process improvements, change management and facilitation of  multiple projects.  * Has earned relevant certifications and stays current in the field of IT and emerging technologies.  * Forward thinking and thought leadership capabilities, ability to see the "bigger picture".  * Successful track record of personally developing and maintaining executive level relationships.  * Exceptional ability to align and engage various levels of internal and external stakeholders and work issues to closure.  * Ability to multitask and keep calm under pressure.  * Effective organization, planning, project management, and masterful execution skills.