Director Sales and Operations Director Sales and Operations Riverdale, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director Sales and Operations Info X - Township of Randolph, NJ May 2002 to Present Build, motivate and manage a profitable & savvy sales team. Maintain sales staff by recruiting, motivating, coaching and training. Build strong relationships with channel customers and vendor manufacturing representatives.      Increase customer awareness on storage area network and connectivity products.   Establish sales objectives through diligent forecasting and data analysis.  Seek out new customers, deepening relationships with existing customers, and identifying future growth opportunities.  Inventory management, analyzing product levels, trends and interacting with vendors.  Monitoring daily activities as related to operations, marketing, and finance and product management teams.  Ensure processing of orders, drop ships and deal registrations flow smoothly and a timely manner.  Utilize internal systems for the reporting of SPA's, RMA's, sales order, back orders, purchase order, inventory control, operations and logistics. Application Development Project Manager JB HANAUER & COMPANY - Parsippany, NJ March 2000 to May 2002 Initially hired to be part of the development team as an Analyst. Project managed the implementation of a series of data mining tools for financial data repository for financial advisors and customers. Provided critical account information to management, financial advisors and customers.  Business systems analysis for financial entity.  Application review and enhancements.  Worked with infrastructure team, application development team and DBA's on creating and enhancing a data repository.  Worked with financial advisors, marketing, operations and development team in determining requirements and functionality. Provide support tools for operational needs.  Manage the development, maintenance and support teams of the web-based financial activity tools.    201.936.4070 | carmen_cvg@yahoo.com Sr. Manager, Project Manager IT & SFA Innovex (Quintiles) - Parsippany, NJ November 1997 to March 2000 Initially hired to project manage the development and implementation of a sales force automation application for pharmaceutical representatives, appointment and sample tracking. Upon successful completion was assigned to the project management of PeopleSoft Financials, HR & ADP Payroll.    Projected managed the sales force automation development efforts.  Lead internal status meetings and directed project teams throughout the implementation process of SFA application.  Project initiation, requirements, development, testing, training, delivery, and transition to ongoing operational support.  Manage the needs analysis, development and database structure towards a successful implementation and ongoing support.  Install base of 2500 users on various versions of the SFA application.  Managed technical team responsible for successfully implanting PeopleSoft Financials 7.0 ahead of schedule.  Manage data loads and extract creation for SFA project rollouts as well as other mission critical systems.  In conjunction with managing the DBA staff responsible for data of many SFA implementations and data repository. Assistant Vice President IT Bankmark - Morris Plains, NJ March 1992 to May 1997 Built IT department and infrastructure from ground up. Research, implement and develop the LAN, PBX and Sale Force Application tools.  Researched and provided the technology direction for financial marketing company.  Project management and the design, development, testing and deployment of Sales Force Automation application.  Delivery of customized financial services to retail financial institutions.  Recruited, and managed held desk and development team.  Support of internal infrastructure consisting of local area network, desktops, PBX, voice communications, as well as all the voice and data circuits. Manage remote sites.  Procurement of all technology equipment and asset management.  Manage the roll out and image generation on all portable devices.    EARLY CAREER  JWP Information Systems - Field Service Technician Systems Administrator / Account Executive Storis Inc Sorbus / Bell Atlantic - Electronics Technician Education DeVry Technical Institute