Senior Program Manager - Sales and Marketing - IT - in support of Enterprise Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Sales and Marketing - <span class="hl">IT</span> - in support of Enterprise IT Senior Project Manager for Charleston Implementation - Boeing Fort Pierce, FL ACCOMPLISHED SENIOR PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL with 20+ years experience. .    - SOx Project Manager for IT Supply Chain - responsible for defining the SOW and plans for accomplishment, execution of the plan, reporting to the Executives on the progress, and ensuring they are compliant.  - SOX Project Manager for IT leading teams in completion of Audits for over 800 OE activities.  • Leading strategic planning teams to compile business plans - 1yr to 10 yr.  • Spearheading complex technology projects  • Integrating multi-site cross-functional teams  • Implementing and managing IT/IS system continuous improvement projects  • Developing business processes that improve functionality across business units    Strategically oriented leader and manager who continuously drives improvement in business systems and process capability and productivity. Perceptive problem solver able to galvanize cross-functional teams to get solidly behind goals and effectively resolve major business systems/process challenges. Mentors and coaches teams of diverse disciplines to thoroughly visualize conceptualize and define challenges and then target the resources and solutions most likely to achieve quality, cycle time, and cost and customer objectives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Program Manager - Sales and Marketing - IT - in support of Enterprise IT - in January 2016 to December 2016 Lead the development and implementation of a plan for the Acquire Segment Architecture for BCA - Both for Business and IT Systems.    Lead the development and implementation of a plan for the Acquire Segment Architecture for the Second Century Systems for the Enterprise.    Lead Weekly Leadership Strategy Meetings for the Directors and Senior Managers. Senior Project Manager Boeing Co September 2012 to December 2015 Lead the development of the implementation project plan for the BT&E Project Management Office. Once approved by management I turned it over to another Project Manager to execute the plan.  Lead the development of a plan to implement inventory accounting across BT&E. The team had been struggling with developing the plan for over 6 months. I assembled the team and received VP approval for the plan in 3 months. It was handed over to another project manager to implement in 2016.  Coached several project managers both in the PjMO office and outside on Project management skills, tools and templates.  Lead a team to develop a project plan for a Safety project that they had been working for over a year and not made much progress. Upon completing the plan in 4 months and completing several key deliverables, I was asked to turn it over to another project manager so they could complete it.  I took over a stalled project that needed leadership. After working with the team to get them back to executing the project plan, completing four major deliverables, I was moved to another project that needed help.  Manage a project to establish a Change Management Process for ARIS Modeling - the team had been struggling for over 1 year to get this in place. Under my leadership they completed the plan and project in 5 mnoths.  Manage a project to implement governance for how BT&E does their business  Manage a project to ensure BT&E is in compliance with Enterprise Policies and writings  Manage a project to consolidate writings for processes to eliminate $500 Million in maintenance costs  Manage a project to select a change management tool and create a change management process to support the Configured Items that are under Governance control. Senior Project Manager Manufacturing and Quality Systems (M&QS) Organization January 2011 to September 2012 Lead the team to:    Establish the Program Management Office  Create, implement and manage processes for the PMO.  Manage and facilitate Project Reviews  Lead Project Management cross-functional seminars/lunch & learns  Represent M&QS on the Product Systems Community of Excellence for Project Management Senior Project Manager for the IT Charleston Site Implementation Establish the Program Management Office October 2009 to December 2010 Lead the Program Management Office to:  Establish the Program Management Office  Manage the Dallas Transition Project  Create, implement and improve the communication model and mission statement.  Develop, implement and improve the operating rhythm for the program.  Lead the implementation of the status collection and reporting process.  Lead the team in the development of the Critical Path and Float reports to assist in the management of the integrated schedule.  Travel to Charleston to train and support the on-site team in the use of the Web Status Tool and operating rhythm.  Backup the Risk Manager in the execution of the Risk Management Function. Project Manager/Process Manager IT Sox - Boeing Co September 2005 to October 2009 Manage resources to complete the SOW for SOx for up to 23 applications with the Supply Chain Mgmt Organization with IT. Responsibilities include:    Define the SOW  Plan the SOW  Acquire resources from functional managers to complete the SOW in a timely manner so the applications will be found to be either Reliable or Reliable with mitigating controls such that the Business side does NOT need to perform extra testing at year end.  Communicate throughout the year with all levels of management as well as analysts. Project Manager IT SOX 2005 to 2009 Boeing    Project Manager for the Supply Chain Team - Responsibilities included team building, bringing in new team members, training, releasing those who were not capable of keeping up, planning the work for a team of 12-15 DE/OE Testers, Quality Assurance Analysts, and Documentation support. Weekly report to the CIO project status and issues. Working with top directors to engage their support for the plan - create a teaming environment. Manage the resolution of all deficiencies - tracking them from beginning to resolution. Work with the planning team to create a plan in Primavera that would result in team success. Project Manager - VOLT Consultant The Boeing Company March 2005 to September 2005 Manage resources in support of the SOW for the SOx applications in Supply Chain Management.    SENIOR - IT PROCESS MANAGER  Process Management; Process Flow; Business / IT Project Management; Multi-Site Team Development Risk Management; Testing & Documentation; Business Requirements Definition; Functional Specs Systems Implementation; Cost / Benefits Analysis IT Business Analyst Asset & Equipment Tracking 2001 to 2004 AT&T Wireless    Engaged to lead and direct a 12-person team in defining customer requirements, developing function specifications, developing software product, conducting Beta testing and implementing the new asset management process and software tools for AT&T Wireless internal customers. Project Manager IT Process 2000 to 2001 AT&T Wireless    Recruited to define and implement process improvement strategies, including supporting methodologies, tools and training. Process/ Project Manager Shared Services Group 1997 to 2000 Boeing    Promoted to define and implement effective project management methodologies to meet SEI/CMM requirements across 5 organizations, including using and adapting the Project Management Institute (PMI) Body of Knowledge framework. Continuous Quality Improvement Coach Computing Services 1990 to 1997 Boeing - Promoted from CQI Lead (1989-1990) to strategize, facilitate and coach all aspects of CQI for this 500-person division Systems Analyst / Project Mgr Computing Services 1978 to 1990 Boeing - I was promoted to Lead Analyst to lead testing, implementation and training of the leadership. Education MS in Management Information Systems CITY UNIVERSITY MBA in Business Administration CITY UNIVERSITY BS in Business Administration PRINCIPIA COLLEGE Skills Project Management, Process Development, Process Improvement, Communications, Team Building Certifications/Licenses Driver's License