Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager North Plainfield, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Edge Communications October 2018 to Present Area Director of Information Technology OMNI HOTELS AND RESORTS - Dallas, TX June 2017 to October 2018 Direct IT operations for 3 Omni Hotels including 1001 room flagship property in Dallas, TX. Plan and direct  all technology implementations, develop all SOPs, carry out capital purchasing, and manage all technology  documentation. Administered $1.2m CAPEX budget for the flagship property. Establish IT Policies.  • Delivered $150,000 in savings by introducing and gaining buy-in for alternative Point of Sale System.  • Improved business continuity, reduced costs and increased revenue opportunity through bandwidth  restructuring for both the hotel and conference space.  • Increased guest satisfaction by driving implementation of upgraded wireless infrastructure. Director, Hotel Systems RED LION HOTEL CORPORATION - Denver, CO 2016 to 2017 Directed hospitality systems division for hotel group with 25 owned/operated and 1300 franchise properties across Responsible for all hospitality systems and guest facing technology strategy, standards, implementation and support as well as development of IT standards, documentation and SOPs. Responsible for developing and administering IT CAPEX/OPEX for all managed hotels. Responsible for due diligence efforts for incoming managed hotels including managing systems on-boarding. Led IT implementations for both  renovated and new hotel builds across the US.  • Lowered operated hotels operating expenses by $300,000 conducting telecom and support contract audit.  • Introduced iPad based check-in solution for front desk enhancing guest check in experience.  • Led the development and implementation of mobile key, allowing guest to open room with phone.  • Migrated 40 properties from premise based Opera to Oracle hosted Opera. Corporate IT Project Manager OMNI HOTELS AND RESORTS - Dallas, TX 2013 to 2017 Managed IT projects for Omni's Hotel, Resort and Convention properties over 50 locations in North America.  Development of systems documentation and SOPs. Mentored junior team members. Managed and execute  projects as well as conduct stakeholder meetings on a regular basis though each projects life cycle.  • Slashed systems implementation cost by 20% driving improvement in systems deployment projects.  • Improved user support efficiency through developing systems documentation.  • Introduced IT asset disposal program for all properties.  Jeffrey S. Wolf Executive Director of Information Technology THE NEW YORK PALACE HOTEL - New York, NY 2004 to 2013 Oversee IT and telecom operations for luxury hotel and conference center with $190 million in annual sales.  Supervise staff of 7 and administer $2 million budget. Plan and direct all technology implementations, develop  all SOPs, carry out capital purchasing, and manage all technology documentation.  • Saved $120,000 and improved corporate and guest connectivity by upgrading ISP bandwidth.  • Delivered $500,000 in annual revenue by implementing wired and wireless guestroom networks.  • Reduced costs $50,000 by eliminating unnecessary telecom lines while maintaining service levels.  • Lowered payroll costs 3% in 1 year by implementing new ADP time clock system.  • Slashed expenses $175,000 by working with CFO to restructure new PBX contract.  • Improved productivity by implementing VPN and Blackberry Enterprise Server, re-engineering entire  network infrastructure, and introducing new network security practices.  • Introduced wireless connectivity for meeting spaces, enhancing guest and employee experience.  • Awarded Manager of the Quarter, 2006 Director of IT, the Americas Swisssotel - New York, NY 2004 to 2004 2004 MIS Manager The Regent Wall Street Hotel - New York, NY 2001 to 2004 Education Bachelor's Skills ADP (10+ years), POINT OF SALE (1 year), OPERA (1 year), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (Less than 1 year), Information Technology Certifications/Licenses ITIL September 2017 to Present PMP March 2018 to Present PMI project Management Professional Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Windows Server and Desktop OS, VM Ware virtualization, PMP, Active Directory, MS Exchange, Terminal  Server, Mobile Devices and Management, WYSE Thin Client, SQL, Apple, Salesforce, Simphony POS, ADP, POS, PMS, Hotel, Resort,   Springer Miller PMS, Opera PMS, Epitome PMS, PCs, Servers, Switches, Routers, Firewalls, PCI  Compliance, network infrastructure, proprietary hospitality systems