ERP Manager ERP <span class="hl">Manager</span> ERP Manager - Omnimax Norcross, GA • Project Director/Scrum Master/Delivery Manager.  • Versatile and highly competent IT professional/Scrum Master possessing more than fifteen years of experience in agile and waterfall methodologies.  • Demonstrated abilities to increase effectiveness, developing strategies for managing the product line and launching project.  • Hands-on experience in business requirement gathering, process flow, process modeling, software development, data mining, big data analysis, data science, artificial intelligence, contributing towards enhancing business achieving goals.  • Possess solid management skills and the ability to analyze issues, devise continuous process improvements and incorporate initiatives to increase efficiency, streamline operations and decrease overall expenses and risk with minimal resources Work Experience ERP Manager Omnimax January 2019 to Present Manage process improvement initiatives assessing current and future state solutions contributing to improving the success of the Project Portfolio and act as an advocate for Enterprise Program Delivery in applying methodology, processes and tools in adopting best practices for Project delivery  * Act as an internal quality control check for the project; apply thorough stage gating throughout all phases of a project to driving consistency  * Participate in establishing practices, templates, policies, tools and partnerships to expand and mature these capabilities for the organization  * Reorganized the Technical Services team to improve service levels and expand career opportunities. Transformed the Applications team to properly align skills with ongoing duties. Program Manager ABM August 2018 to November 2018 Organized programs and activities in accordance with the mission and goals of the organization. Developed individual project test plans. Implementing and managing changes and interventions to ensure project goals are achieved.  * Instrumental in the planning, coordination and implementation of end to end testing of all the applications in the Big Rocks program: Oracle HCM, ADP Payroll, BenefitFocus and Salesforce.  * Responsible for managing the testing of the full "quote to cash" process - systems, data and processes.  * Managed on-boarding and off-boarding process projects in the "Transformation Management Office" groups. Sr Project Manager WestRock November 2016 to August 2018 Implemented and managed multiple projects concurrently. Responsible for overall project management, including cost schedule and performance. Tracked progress against plans to insure timely completion of deliverables. Led and motivated project teams in a matrix environment. Worked to improve overall organizational IT standards, processes and life cycle methodologies.  * JDE implementation of the archiving and purging of financial systems and tools upgrades to 9.2 and 9.2.2  * Managed all phases of the implementation of DAS (third party bolt-on), the integration of Salesforce to JDE and the deployment of the JDE Enterprise purchase and asset management solution into multiple plants.  * Responsible for managing and overseeing the implementation of Cforia for Accounts Receivable. Program Manager Genpact Consulting May 2016 to November 2016 Responsible for developing and communicating strategic direction for Network Operations, to ensure continuous improvement and established actionable plans to improve system availability, recoverability and performance. Defined roles and responsibilities for all Network Operations functions. Prepared recurring staffing and funding needs for this area and analyzed and reported performance metrics. Worked collaboratively with other business lines for efficient operations.  * Instrumental in the management of a failover facility for the National Operations Center  * Defined Network operations service to quickly identify and resolved service disruption issues. Sr. Project/ Program Manager Home Depot October 2015 to April 2016 Responsible for the oversight of multiple project and program implementations. Led ongoing development optimization of SAP Cloud capabilities, technical applications and service delivery solutions. Instrumental in root cause analysis and resolution. Researched emerging trends and provided guidance to stakeholders and implementation teams as Subject Matter Expert on SAP specific cloud capabilities and agile delivery processes.  * Managed the Design Studio upgrade, re-developed and secured the Simple Profit and Loss Dashboard with a Design studio front-end and SAP BW back-end for implementation at over 140 stores.  * Developed LDAP pilot group to prevent other users from having access to the application  * Managed development of the application from requirements through deployment. The UI front-end was developed sing HTML5/CSS/ JavaScript and AngularJS and Materialize as the primary CSS library. Sr Project Manager Kimberly Clark Corporation - Atlanta, GA May 2014 to May 2015 • Managed configuration and implementation of the SAP EWM module and successfully improved the inventory scanning and management capabilities across the plants nation-wide. Activated functionalities and implemented across multiple plants and ensured that the project was as per requirements and standards specified by client. The team consisted of 15 resources with a budget of $3.2M.    • Successfully developed and maintained integrations between cloud-based Workday Payroll System and other external (multiple countries) partners' payrolls systems across multiple countries ensuring that there were no discrepancies in payroll data across the multiple countries. Responsible for the full lifecycle of Workday integrations from concept through design, development, testing, deployment, leveraging Workday tools such as EIB and Workday Studio (Eclipse). As a result, management of payroll data across systems and countries became seamless.    • Developed Workday project definition in partnership with business sponsors for multiple, concurrent or large projects. This included identifying scope, constraints, deliverables, timelines and leading project implementations, facilitating project status meetings and ensuring status updates were complete.  • Translated and documented Workday non-technical requirements into technical concepts with a comprehensive understanding of HR applications and technical interdependencies. Exercised good judgment in use of standards and technical documentation. Identified and included associated controls.  • Initiated multiple phases of Workday testing, to include writing test plans and test scripts, performing system testing and supporting user testing.  • Implementation - Designed and started to configure Workday enhancements based on requests from customer's requirements and educated recommendations. Partner with business partners to roll out new functionality and modules to promote global HR transformation. SAP Delivery Manager The Coca Cola Company - Atlanta, GA March 2013 to May 2014 • Managed a 5 man team responsible for the upgrade of the Solution Manager application from 7.0 to 7.1, enabling the ChaRM functionality that supported tracking of change requests, transport requests in change management system in the entire business solution, as well as deploying the application globally. The following functionalities were delivered along with the upgrade and ChaRM; test Workbench, Incident Management, integration of ARIS to Solution Manager, retrofit capabilities to sync up multiple landscapes.  • Responsible for creating the training manual for all the Solution Manager capabilities and trained end users globally and continued to support the application on an ongoing basis, including enhancements.  • Project Manager for the Infrastructure Group. Projects include; server and storage installations, environment upgrades and data center migrations. Responsibilities include; managing technical resources, hosting meetings, assisting with budget, creating and managing project plans. Coordinating with business on scheduling project and change management activities.  • Managed a proof-of-concept project that helped the company determine whether to adopt the SAP HANA technology. Worked with a team of 14 resources, both internally and from SAP and made recommendations to upper management based on findings from the POC.  • Managed the enhancement of an existing Supply Chain system to support new procurement role in the organization. IT Senior Program Manager Premiere Global International - Atlanta, GA January 2011 to October 2012 • As part of the global Business Intelligence team, successfully upgraded an older version of SAP Business Objects Enterprise to SAP Business Objects 4.0. Migrated 500+ users to Business Objects 4.0 globally and on-boarded in waves across multiple regions. This resulted in additional reporting functionalities that enabled upper management to make better and more informed decisions based on the capabilities offered by Business Objects.    • Responsible for vendor selection and vendor management throughout the SAP Business Objects upgrade project. Managed both internal and external resources consisting of 8 people, globally dispersed with varying expertise; including dashboard developers, BO architects and Quality Assurance resources.    • Managed the migration of the company's telephonic system to Microsoft's Unified Communications Lync, resulting in cost savings and increase in productivity. Project Manger Nokia Siemens Networks - Atlanta, GA July 2010 to January 2011 Managed all phases of construction projects including scope of work, contractor/ subcontractor selection, budgets, costs and project scheduling to ensure work is completed to the client's requirements and on time and within budget. Directed the HSPA+ technology change management and resource demand planning process and advanced and sustained strategic vendor partnerships with key technology leaders, resulting in the optimization of the client's network to near 4G speed. SAP Implementation Manager The Coca Cola Company - Atlanta, GA June 2008 to June 2010 • Managed the following global application development projects within the SAP Global Solution Services team  ? In the Business Intelligence area; managed enhancement to SAP HR - Learning Solution, SAP HR - Talent Management and SAP HR - Human Capital Management, SAP CRM - CSO Interactive Call Center and the migration of Oracle Express Cubes to SSAS cubes using Business Objects.  ? In the SAP CRM module, managed the implementation of SAP CRM - Interactive Call Center and SAP CRM - Consumer Project; which consisted of a Siebel to SAP CRM conversion, Localization of a Global template, Trillium Upgrade and Connector Installation for CRM application and Vertex Integration for Tax Code Jurisdiction validation    ? Managed multiple enhancements to the SAP HR module to meet client's requirement without interruption to business.  * Multiple enhancements to the HR Learning Solution module  * Multiple enhancements to the Talent Management module  * Instituted HR structural authorizations security administration  ? Managed the Unicode compliance and conversion of the database used in the SAP environment from Oracle to DB2 for the following modules - FI, LO, MDM and Solution Manager Modules    • Managed the following global application development projects within the Global IT  ? CA Clarity PPM System Enhancement Project - Integration of Clarity System using Oracle database running on UNIX with Business Objects  ? Global Customer Metrics Project Initiation IMPLEMENTATION MANAGER Incomm - Atlanta, GA April 2007 to June 2008 • Managed a team of 4 software engineers and project managers using Agile methodology. Set standards for designing, developing, testing, de-bugging, and deploying software releases across the enterprise and worked with other business partners to maintain and execute product development roadmaps.  • Managed the development of the software that allowed new clients to connect to the main Incomm infrastructure with 5-10 Releases/month in a dynamic and constantly changing environment.  • Implemented the Content Cards Activation infrastructure for multiple vendors/partners and the integration of Wireless Services Vendors with Incomm to enable them perform Card and Wireless products Activation, Deactivation and Balance Maintenance.  • Conducted effective performance evaluations and mentored those with less experience through formal channels SR. IT ANALYST The Hartford Insurance - Hartford, CT March 2004 to April 2007 • Responsible for the requirements gathering, design, development and testing of a claims processing application that was being localized for the Hartford Insurance. Using BizTalk technology, managed the integration of the Hartford's claims processing system with external systems for seamless transfer of data. Also, set up the SQL server database connection through SQL assistant from ODBC settings  • Part of the strategy group within the organization that investigated how best IT could support business initiatives identified as being critical to the success of the organization. Presented recommendations to upper management on a periodic basis and assisted in the prioritization of projects to tackle. PROJECT MANAGER Aetna Insurance - Middletown, CT April 2003 to January 2004 • Managed multiple critical tasks at any given time in a very time-bound, high-pressure environment.  • Proactively evaluated project activities, built contingency plans, and executed corrective action on a timely basis to mitigate risks such as scope and/or budget variances.  • Managed the project budget, and reported project cost information in an accurate and timely manner.  • Proactively oversaw project milestones, resolved issues, and removed the barriers that may have hindered project execution.  • Supported and enhanced a home grown, java-based application (SQL as the database language) on an on-going basis.  • Oversaw project milestones, resolved issues, and removed the barriers that may have hindered project execution  • Conducted end-of- project performance reviews for team members on the project team  • Adhered to APS project management methodology by leveraging and promoting the use of existing tools, capturing best practices, and identifying areas for process improvement CONSULTANT Accenture - Hartford, CT June 1999 to April 2003 Multiple Clients  • Planned and managed the Construction, Assembly Test and Execution, as well as the Product Test phases of a software development project:  • Created the Work plan and Weekly Tracking Tool. Oversaw target budget and schedule and completion of deliverables/tasks.  • Completed the Status Report. Reported any budget and schedule variances with accompanying explanations. Determined the estimate to complete (ETC) for outstanding work.  • Managed day-to-day activities. Assessed project risks and issues as soon as they developed, as well as conflicting priorities or dependencies and provide alternatives.  • Provided informal feedback and formal performance appraisal to all supervisees.  • Developed and tested modules of a Claims processing system using Visual Basic, java script and SQL. Education MBA in Information Systems Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute - Hartford, CT Master Certificate in Project Management in Project Management George Washington University MS in Accounting Syracuse University Skills CRM, SAP, CMMI, PMBOK, RUP