Customer Service Supervisor Customer Service Supervisor Customer Service Supervisor Memphis, TN Work Experience Customer Service Supervisor DELTA AIR LINES - Memphis, TN 1987 to June 2019 • Spearhead daily briefings, completed personnel assignments, and efficient decisions to supply leadership over station technology initiatives (handled devices and SNAPP). Oversee 23 flight operations daily including BSO, Ticket Counter, and Gates. Ensure compliance with established policies and procedures. Quickly resolve customer concerns, especially clients with special needs or disabilities. Skillfully resolve all security matters of Delta operations. Photograph station events and edit accompanying newsletter. Participate assignment (ATL) as Red Coat delegate for ACS Summits (2013).  • Boosted performance, and handheld device and technology utilization to over 65% YTD, by implementing action plan and training for employees to check passengers and scan bags appropriately.  • Accomplished 87% on-time station performance YoY through team and assignment organization, ensuring accurate placement of resources to handle flight operations, and inbound and outbound flights. Managed team of 85 members.  • Acted as Ground Security Coordinator for NBA charters (MEM). IT Project Manager INTERNATIONAL PAPER 2001 to 2006 Handled migration to Managed Print Services (MPS) by negotiating and building key relationships with consultants (HP, Xerox, and local and regional LAN/WAN professionals). Facilitated and maintained direct interactions with executive office while serving on lead team as main point of contact.  • Successfully saved $30M (3% cost savings) for company and stakeholders by managing project assignments and initiatives.  ? Consolidated integration of printers, copiers, and fax machines.  ? Achieved 98% North American rollout and deployment of project throughout paper mills, containers, box plants, and regional and corporate offices.  • Managed new hardware/software national deployment, internal controls, and consolidated business groups such as IT operations.  ? Organized and coordinated 6 LAN administrators to build, test, and burn images to computers based on specific business groups and sectors.  ? Accomplished 100% test and implementation for 500+ desktop users, covering campus and 6 facilities. IT Call Center Manager/Infrastructure Integration Coordinator INTERNATIONAL PAPER - Memphis, TN 1995 to 2001 Oversaw and coordinated global call center of operational IT infrastructure. Led configuration of Memphis campus training facilities for multiple services including employee services, payroll, and benefits by carefully selecting qualified team of IT professionals and network administrators. Collaborated closely with internal/external vendors, customers, and senior leadership to create and implement strong relationships to customers and clients.  • Directed customization of desktop systems and environment for HR, department managers, and other business professionals throughout the corporation by championing a LAN team.  • Effectively managed and supported IT infrastructure (southeast region).  ? Areas included WAN, Local LAN support personnel, and call center support team and technologies. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Lane College - Jackson, TN Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (10+ years), CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGEMENT (10+ years), TRAINING (10+ years), RELATIONSHIP BUILDING (10+ years), CMS (10+ years), Front Desk (5 years), Call Center (5 years), Customer Care (10+ years), Customer Experience (10+ years), Full suite of Microsoft Office, SAP, Cronos, SNAPP, Polaris (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Negotiation (5 years), It Project Management (5 years) Links http://linkedIn.com/in/donalddowell Assessments Customer Focus & Orientation — Highly Proficient July 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0skmgi4lopk1gtsf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups F&AM August 1987 to Present Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc November 1982 to Present