Deputy Operations Manager Deputy Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Greenville, SC Work Experience Deputy Operations Manager SOC-USA - Chantilly, VA 2018 to Present Manage the day to day operations for administrative, IT, Payroll, and facilities support. Ensure all training activities are scheduled, documented, and audited. Ensure 100% SLA and contractual requirements. $1B Contract    • Root cause analysis  • Continuous improvements  • Coordinate resources from other sections and companies  • Monitor metrics, advise on necessary changes to processes and staff to meet the mission  • Host weekly client meeting - set agenda, document meeting minutes  • Make decisions with respect to contract requirements while maintaining fiscal responsibility.  • Process Improvement  • Project Management  • ITIL Methods & Processes  • Business development  • Training and evaluation  • Cost Saving  • Policy & Planning  • Vendor Management  • Analytical IT Project Manager - Government Security Projects AGFA Healthcare - Greenville, SC 2015 to 2018 Aligned the IT Security section with ongoing DoD RMF accreditation, coordinating efforts to completion implementing Oracle Linux, DB, Win Server 2012, VM, .Net, BI for imagery and communications software.    • Project Setup and developed procedures - Project Templates, Status reporting, and governance  • Managed AGFA internal IT Security Projects across multiple products, serving DoD clients  • Deliverables included scheduled communications for milestone reviews, change requests and budgets.  • Planned multiple security hardening projects from inception to completion  • Work with teams in resolving discrepancies, removing or mitigating roadblocks, acting on issues of non-compliance, and facilitating communication among all project stakeholders  • Worked with and remained actively involved with stake holders.  • Created artifacts on unresolved findings - direct to Global R&D teams  • Managed the buildup Test Lab - oversaw NESSUS scans and manual STIG Checklist  • Relationship Management  • Scoped work efforts - per available resources  • Global Project Teams  • HIPPA  • Sarbanes Oxley (SOX)  • Participated in the Interviewing process for team members Deputy Project Manager SOC-USA - Chantilly, VA 2012 to 2015 Managed alignment of project management operations within contract requirements, Scope of Work, and within approved budget. Identify and resolve non-compliance with contract, ensure proper resource allocation including assets and personnel, as well as, reducing costs, scheduling, and managing the time keeping & logistics inventory system achieving customer contractual requirements. Oversaw hands-on leadership of complex multi-site CISCO Network Operations, Desktop Support, Logistics, Training, time keeping and payroll system for 1,200+ employees.    • Best Practices - Mastery of the principles, methods and techniques used in Project Management and operations, with particular emphasis on effective planning, management of resources and equipment deliveries.    • Customer Service - Works with clients and customers to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services.    • Planning and Execution - Played a critical role in overseeing vendor solicitations & management, contract renewals, inventory system, spending, and distribution.  ? Delivered business improvements and increased annual revenue by over $7M by creating and implementing programs that ensure correct pay and bill of employees and Clients  ? Daily meetings with Dos COR and other State Department leadership concerning infrastructure integrity and repairs. Flight Chief, US Military Base US Air Force - Valdosta, GA 2001 to 2011 7 years of my Military career, I was an award winning recruiter. I mentored other recruiters to become successful.    • Award winning recruiter - 4 years in a row. 2005 to 2009  • Excellent customer service even when facing adversarial applicants.  • Very fast paced, gained exceptional prioritization skills. Education Master's in Information Technology Management Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO 2007 Bachelor's in Business Quality Management Southwestern College Kansas - Winfield, KS December 2005 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesbasspm Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E6 Certifications/Licenses MCSE Present ITIL v3 2015