IT DIRECTOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER-MGA2 <span class="hl">IT</span> DIRECTOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER-MGA2 IT DIRECTOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER-MGA2 Philadelphia, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT DIRECTOR/GRAPHIC DESIGNER-MGA2 Optimized - Warminster, PA 2014 to 2015 I was brought on the MGA2 team as their new IT director. Prior to my hire, the network on site was a patchwork of band aids that had not been addressed in a decade. Optimized  speeds in building by eliminating bottlenecks. Daily troubleshooting. Management of off site servers and colocation. Migration of data from old websites to existing new ones. I also  handled overflow for the design department and helped with the design and implemen- tation of numerous clients' websites. This included creation of wordpress.org sites, as well as content editing. UX/UI Design was also key in my position. Project Manager WIRING.COM - Coral Springs, FL 2010 to 2014 Specialized in project management, and the installation and application of various fiber  optic and copper data networks as well as core installation and configuration. This includ- ed estimating, quoting, and layout of entire project. In addition to leading a small crew that  installed and/or upgraded the data room (MDF) and data closets (IDF), terminating and testing said connections, building custom wire management, and installation of new core  switches and routers.  -Leading and directing a crew of techs    -Installing and testing cable and infrastructure    -Troubleshooting and testing CAT6 and CAT5 wire (This includes, jacks, patch panels, etc) with fluke and JDSU testing equipment    -Installation and config of Cisco/Dell switches and servers as well as housing for these ma- chines Education Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale-Graphic Design 2003 Computer Science Valencia Community College 2001 Skills Microsoft (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Adobe Photyoshop (10+ years), Active Directory (4 years), Cisco (5 years), Vmware (4 years), sublime (2 years), HTML 5 (4 years), Wordpress (4 years), Autocad (7 years), Oracle (4 years), Core Competencies (3 years), SQL (2 years), fluke testing equipment (8 years), Quark Xpress (7 years), Autocad (6 years), Electrical (10+ years), Computer Skills (10+ years), Adobe Photoshop (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses CCNP 2012 to Present Network+ 2010 to Present