DIRECTOR, INFRASTRUCTURE & OPERATIONS DIRECTOR, INFRASTRUCTURE &amp; OPERATIONS Global IT Executive | Developing Creative Technology Strategies | Executing with Passion | Delivering Measurable Results Kansas City, MO GLOBAL IT EXECUTIVE  Versatile technology executive expert in building world-class IT organizations and developing them into innovation engines capable of redefining markets, industries and competition. Passion for solving real business problems using technology. Recognized as a transformational leader adept at turnaround of under-performing units, cost optimization, process improvement, and strategic thinking. International experience across Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Australia.    If you'd like to discuss opportunities or connect for mutually beneficial networking, please feel free to contact me at john.shores@outlook.com or +1 816.216.2658, Monday - Friday, 8 AM - 5 PM CT. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience DIRECTOR, INFRASTRUCTURE & OPERATIONS H&R Block - Kansas City, MO May 2016 to Present Hand-picked to elevate company’s IT service delivery processes and capabilities. Championed service management and technology initiatives that reduced costs by creating automated self-service offerings. Developed processes, tools and techniques. Led multi-sourced, global team of 100+ and managed $30M budget.  • Reduced major incidents by 65%: Established process controls. Conducted post incident reviews to focus on root cause and prevention. Improved rigor and focus resulted in 53% decrease in P1 incidents within 2 years; 65% reduction by year 3.  • Matured ITSM & ITOM processes: Developed ITSM and ITOM capabilities using ServiceNow. Leveraged CMDB to assign work, notify stakeholder and escalate issues. Built service maps and overlaid event data to pinpoint incidents quickly.  • Optimized organization for efficiency: Capitalized on organizational change and attrition. Restructured team to improve mix of skills and position team for future. Successfully recruited top talent from outside local area to fill critical vacancies. DIRECTOR, SHARED SERVICES Exelis Inc. (Now Harris Corporation) - Herndon, VA January 2012 to December 2015 Accepted challenge to reshape divisional IT organization. Promoted to corporate IT Director after 18 months. Led engineering, planning, applications, operations, security, desktop, and service desk teams. Provided guidance on all IT, especially strategy, technology road maps, and operations. Directed 170-person staff and $64M budget.  • Reduced OpEx by $20M: Launched IT shared services organization. Collapsed LOB IT services, systems, and people into single organization. Eliminated redundancy and improved service levels through process improvements.  • Shrank data center footprint by 80%: Executed aggressive virtualization and cloud strategy that reduced computing infrastructure by 62%, storage capacity by 35%, and power by 60%. Recouped $1.2M annually.  • Spent $1.2M to deliver $2.5M value: Leveraged strategic vendor partnerships to negotiate deep discounts on needed equipment and services. Fostered vendor competition to drive OpEx down by $900K/year. DIRECTOR, IT PROGRAMS General Dynamics Information Technology - Fairfax, VA September 2009 to December 2011 Recruited to turn around $10M O&M contract. Promoted to lead $106M contract after 12 months. Advised customer CIOs on all IT services and led application development, cloud, storage, collaboration, telephony, information management, network, data center, desktop, and security teams. Directed staff of 165 and $106M budget.  • Lowered customer OpEx by $1.3M: Analyzed processes and team makeup for opportunities. Reduced headcount and increased cross-utilization by 75%. Improved margin by 4 points and performance from “F” to “B” in 6 months.  • Achieved CMMI Level 3: Recruited top-notch quality manager to drive process discipline. Established KPIs, collected metrics, performed trend analysis, and executed get well plans to advance quality competency.  • Improved service delivery in <12 months: Implemented world-class service management processes to increase maturity of service desk, desktop support, and operations teams. Increased customer satisfaction by 1.5 points. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER EMC Corporation (Now Dell EMC) - McLean, VA March 2005 to September 2009 Led consulting and hardware/software delivery engagements for public and private sector customers. Developed budgets, cost estimates, and statements of work to support business development efforts. Created project plans and executed schedules. Led 40+ multi-disciplinary, matrixed teams and oversaw $30M budgets.  • Directed 17+ petabyte data migration: Replaced aging business critical storage solution. Led team to complete installation, configuration, and data migration with no loss of data or disruption to operations during project.  • Solved customer’s business continuity problem: Led initiative to replace business critical system with simplified business continuity processes and a new technical solution. Achieved business systems fail-over/fail-back without issue or error.  • Established organizational change management processes: Authored best practice guidance for managing organizational change for federal agency. Implemented processes and developed communications media. NETWORK ENGINEER | IT PROJECT MANAGER United States Air Force August 1985 to September 2005 Culminated military career providing engineering support to 6 operations centers with 110K+ users in 200+ locations. Advanced to direct planning and implementation of enterprise IT initiatives for the Air National Guard. Collaborated with customers and C-level executives to conceptualize, design, and deploy mission-critical systems.  * Directed global infrastructure modernization: Led ANG’s Active Directory design and implementation. Collapsed 100+ domains into single domain. Simplified management constructs and completed project $1.1M under budget.  * Delivered mission critical training: Conducted introductory and advanced courses in network fundamentals, operating systems, PC repair, and IT security. Promoted to lead 52 instructors who provided 48,736 hours of technical training to 8,590+ students. Defined training requirements, developed curriculum, oversaw students. Education Master's of Science in Information Systems American Sentinel University - Aurora, CO 2011 Bachelor's of Science in Information Systems American Sentinel University - Aurora, CO 2004 Skills IT Strategy (10+ years), IT Governance (10+ years), Enterprise Architecture (10+ years), Systems Integration (10+ years), IT Operations (10+ years), IT Support (10+ years), Information Security (10+ years), Continuous Improvement (10+ years), ServiceNow (4 years), DevOps (3 years), Cloud Computing (6 years), Agile (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnmshores Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: Master Sergeant / E-7 Commendations: Meritorious Service Medal with 1 OLC, Air Force Commendation Medal with 1 OLC, Air Force Achievement Medal with 1 OLC, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with 3 OLC, Air Force Good Conduct Medal with 6 OLC, National Defense Service Medal with 1 Bronze Star, Southwest Asia Service Medal with 1 Bronze Star, Armed Forces Service Medal, Air Force Longevity Service with 3 OLC, Air Force PME Ribbon with 1 OLC, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon, Air Force Basic Training Ribbon Certifications/Licenses ITIL (V3) Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Present ITIL (V2) Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Present Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2006 to March 2016 EMC Proven Professional Associate Present Microsoft Certified Trainer (MCT) Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE): Security Groups Project Management Institute (PMI) 2006 to Present ISACA 2015 to Present Society of Wild Weasels 2012 to Present Additional Information PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT  • ServiceNow Orchestration  • ServiceNow Service Mapping  • ServiceNow Discovery  • ServiceNow Event Management  • ServiceNow Scripting   • IT4IT Reference Architecture 2.0  • IT Capability Maturity Model  • CoBIT, ITIL, ITSM & TOGAF  • ISO/IEC 20000 & ISO/IEC 27000  • NIST SP 800 Series & FIPS 140-2  • Secrets of Highly Influential IT Leaders  • Gartner Operations Symposium  • Emotional Intelligence 2.0  • Business Analysis Body of Knowledge  • Project Management Body of Knowledge  • North American PMI Conferences  • Project Risk Management  • Microsoft Project Orange Belt  • Requirements Management  • Six Sigma Fundamentals  • Network Operations & Security  • Leadership & Management  • 7 Habits of Highly Effective Leaders