IT Head of Special Programs and Standards <span class="hl">IT</span> Head of Special Programs and Standards Head of Special Programs and Standards Kansas City, MO • Experienced Leader with a solid history in the areas of Project Management, PMO startup, System Development and client relationship management.  • Experienced in cross-functional team leadership; client, IT team, business teams.  • Successful implementation of high volume programs with quick delivery dates.  • Experienced in software development, problem solving, negotiation and risk and issue mitigation.  • Expert skills in managing client relationships. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Head of Special Programs and Standards CLYDE & CO US LLP - Kansas City, MO March 2019 to Present • Capacity and Resource planning  • Enterprise metrics  • Project intake  • Standards development  • Project Portfolio Management  • Process development Director Program Management Office Sedgwick, LLP - Kansas City, MO August 2017 to April 2018 • PMO Strategy Development  • Portfolio Management and KPI Development  • Mentor and Leader  • Stage Gate Methodology Development and Implementation  • Streamlined Attorney Data Transfer process  • Firm Dissolution Planning and Execution Technical Project Manager Se2 - Topeka, KS June 2016 to June 2017 • Client facing, client focus.  • Stakeholder Management.  • Development of Senior Leader Client meetings.  • Transformed Project Management Process for small projects in just weeks. Increased efficiency by 60%  • Responsible for budget projections for the Client invoicing.  • Development of an intake process for all new change requests.  • Managed the development and implementation process of services involving departmental and cross functional teams focused on the delivery of new and existing system changes.  • Developed tools and processes to manage the client's project portfolio more cost effectively. Project Manager III Hallmark Cards, Inc. - Kansas City, MO 2009 to 2015 • Managed multiple, complex, and concurrent technology projects at varying stages, across varying customers.  • PMO startup for innovation business model.  • Spear-headed the development of a Senior Leader Stage Gate process that contributed to $30 Million in revenue and cost avoidance in excess of $500,000+ per year.  • Implementation of a SharePoint process that enabled all areas of the company to share important project documents.  • Enabled better communication and increased efficiency.  • Facilitated and Executed LEAN initiatives that resulted in a 30% head count reduction and cost savings in excess of $1M per year.  • Applied Statements of Work and Business Requirements gathering expertise.  • Responsible for the leadership of the scheduling organization.  • Managed Senior Leader Forum. Logistics Program Manager Hallmark Cards, Inc. - Kansas City, MO 2001 to 2009 • Managed a portfolio of 10+ projects simultaneously.  • Led the technical blueprint process for the SAP Order to Cash initiative.  • Technical Subject Matter Expert for product launch and execution.  • Functioned as Technical Expert and consistently led the most complex, large scale ($100M-$250M), consumer product programs. On-time delivery was increased from 85% to 95.5%.  • Contributed to annual cost savings in excess of $500K by developing a cross-functional team facilitation process to minimize inefficiencies, which increased communication and avoided unnecessary costs.  • Developed an internal consulting approach that contributed to increased efficiency and led to a high level customer satisfaction rating of 4.7 (out of 5.0). Education MBA in Marketing and Management Rockhurst University - Kansas City, MO BBA in Computer Information Systems University of Arkansas - Little Rock, AR Skills budget (5 years), change management (10+ years), problem solving (10+ years), risk assessment (8 years), team management (7 years), SDLC (10+ years), Cross-Functional Team Leadership (10+ years), Resource Management (8 years), Capacity Planning (10+ years), Coaching (8 years), Staff Development (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), Application Development (10+ years), Accounts Payable, Scheduling, Payroll, Billing Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeanforeman/ Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2009 to March 2021 Additional Information • Areas of expertise include; KPI development, change management, LEAN, complex problem solving, strategy development, risk assessment, cross functional team management, budget and schedule development and stakeholder management.  • Ability to make decisions quickly.  • Strong communication and collaboration skills.  • Leadership and negotiation skills  • Ability to think strategically and evaluate business objectives.