Senior Consultant - IT Governance, CPIC, PMO, EA, Program Management, Project Management Senior Consultant - <span class="hl">IT</span> Governance, CPIC, PMO, EA, Program Management, <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Senior Consultant - IT Governance, CPIC, PMO, EA, Program Management, Project Management Springfield, VA Ms. Nolan has 20 years of Federal IT Governance experience. She is a subject matter expert  (SME) in the areas of IT Program and Project Management, Capital Planning and Investment  Control (CPIC), and Enterprise Architecture (EA). She is responsible for IT investment  performance evaluations and analysis, strategic planning and integration, and policy  development and implementation.    Ms. Nolan is a skilled leader, having worked as a Program and Project Manager on a wide  variety of challenging efforts across the Federal government. She possesses excellent oral and  written communication skills, key to the leadership positions she has held. Ms. Nolan is an  experienced problem solver with the interpersonal skills needed to successfully tackle complex issues. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Consultant - IT Governance, CPIC, PMO, EA, Program Management, Project Management The Nolan Technology Group, Inc - Springfield, VA 1996 to Present Ms. Nolan founded and has developed a small, woman-owned business that specializes in  providing IT-related strategic support to Federal agencies and private companies. Her  experience includes:  • Serving as Portfolio and Program Management (PPM) SME and Project Manager at a  Federal agency to assess PPM maturity, conduct related analysis to determine findings,  and develop short and long-term recommendations for measurable improvements  based on targets set by the Chief Information Officer (CIO). Responsible for deliverable  development and review, personnel management, contract reporting, and customer  relationship management.  • Working as part of a small, senior consulting team supporting a major IT Transformation  effort at the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG). Provided strategic core support to advise and  advocate for improvements in service strategy, IT portfolio and program management,  foundational capabilities, performance, organizational structure, and resource  management. Interpreted internal USCG and external Federal policies and  requirements to ensure alignment with USCG, DHS, and DoD mandates and guidance.  Duties included development, maturity, and support of:  o Program Management Office (PMO) to define and implement management  practices in areas such as portfolio and program oversight, performance  management, cost estimation, and acquisition strategy  o IT Portfolio and Program Management Governance  o Comprehensive IT Investment Performance Evaluations  o Prioritization and Risk Frameworks  o Core Metrics to Support Key Business Decisions  • Serving as the senior Program Manager for an Organizational Assessment effort at the  USCG Office of the CIO. Analyzed current state, completed extensive reviews of USCG,  DoD, DHS, and other Federal policies, conducted dozens of interviews with key  stakeholders, examined use cases, and utilized IT service management best practices.  Made recommendations for the establishment of an enterprise PMO, as well as new  and improved IT portfolio and program management, new/updated OCIO policy  development, and an optimized organizational structure to better align with strategic  planning and enterprise-wide initiatives. Directed contract tasking, secured and  scheduled resources, managed contract financials, developed contract reports, and  developed and reviewed deliverables.  • Working as a senior-level SME and Program Manager for the Department of Labor  (DOL), responsible for the IT governance of key portfolios and investments, as well as  compliance with OCIO policy and requirements. Responsible for personnel  management, contract reporting, quality assurance, and customer relationship  management. Worked with stakeholders to develop an EA framework to align strategy,  processes, and IT investments with business goals.  • Serving as an SME and Project Manager at multiple Federal agencies, including DOL,  Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Homeland Security, and the  Department of Treasury, providing IT governance support at the IT portfolio, program,  and investment management level. Worked with clients in an advisory capacity to  develop Agency policy and guidance on topics related to IT governance. Developed and  reviewed artifacts including cost benefit analyses, operational analyses, risk  management plans, business cases, target EA and transition plans, as well as IT security  deliverables. Oversaw contract tasking, resource scheduling, contract financial  management, contract reporting, and deliverable development and review.  • Working as a Project Manager at a DHS component agency on a major IT modernization  effort. Developed and reviewed the component agency IT Strategic Plan, as well as  comprehensive IT program life cycle documentation. Served as an SME for CPIC and EA.  Managed project schedules, team tasking, and quality assurance.  • Securing and leading a comprehensive effort to implement enterprise-wide earned  value management (EVM) policy development and implementation at the Department  of Labor. Project Manager/Consultant Alphatech Corporation - Arlington, VA 1996 to 1997 As a Staff Consultant, Ms. Nolan worked as a member of the U.S. Department of State's Financial Software Implementation Team. She was involved in the implementation of new software initiatives bureau-wide and overseas. Education Master of Arts The American University - Washington, DC Bachelor of Arts Colgate University - Hamilton, NY The University of Virginia - Charlottesville, VA Skills Program Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), IT Governance (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/michellenolan Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) 2015 to Present Additional Information Public Trust Security Clearance in progress (DHS). Clearable up to the TS/SCI level.