Regional Operations Manager Regional Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> Regional Operations Manager - E2 Optics Eagle, NE Work Experience Regional Operations Manager E2 Optics - Omaha, NE March 2019 to Present Directs operational aspects for a designated geographic area including sales, project management, field operations, and customer service.    Major Accomplishments  * Lead the establishment of multiple flagship teams of 180+ employees on multi-building, multi-million-dollar data center projects in multiple markets.    Role Responsibilities  * Drive Operational consistency through application of established policy, procedure, and best practice guidelines across the program.  * Identify opportunities for efficiency through data analysis, create and implement strategy to gain necessary efficiencies.  * Direct involvement in financial analysis, budget planning, cost allocation, and financial forecasting. Senior Project Manager E2 Optics - Omaha, NE November 2017 to March 2019 Responsible for oversight and management of all aspects of low voltage construction projects from bid to closeout.    Major Accomplishments  * Establish and lead flagship team of 180+ employees on multi-building, multi-million-dollar data center project.  * Developed and implemented operational policy, procedures, and best practice guidelines.  * Establish and manage relationships with vendor partners, trade partners and customer teams to influence project success.    Role Responsibilities  * Responsible for oversight and management of all aspects of multiple $15 million plus project from bid to closeout.  * Bid development, financial analysis, reporting, hiring, field leadership management, trade partner coordination, client meetings. Direct management of project management staff of 12. Providing oversight and guidance for all RFIs, submittals, change orders, forecasting, BOM management, and logistics. IT Manager, Field Services State of Nebraska/OCIO - Lincoln, NE February 2012 to November 2017 Operational manager, engineer/designer, consultant, customer liaison, and project manager for State of Nebraska agencies and political subdivisions.    Major Accomplishments  * Created a Nebraska Information Technology Commission (NITC) Resource document establishing telecommunications requirements for State owned and leased spaces.  * Responsible for designing a new Network Operations Center and Data Center.  * Designed fiber optic network infrastructure for several major State Parks.    Role Responsibilities  * Coordinate and manage telecommunications infrastructure for all State of Nebraska owned and leased spaces including: data centers, data networks, voice networks, cable television, video conferencing systems, security, wireless access.  * Partner with internal and external teams to establish customer needs and project expectations.  * Develop and deliver solutions to satisfy customer needs.  * Manage Statewide telecom strategy with input from cross functional teams  * End to end project management  * Develop and maintain relationships with cross functional teams, vendor partners, and internal/external customers.  * Collaborate with engineers and architectural firms to design infrastructure to satisfy customer requirements Field Services Supervisor State of Nebraska/OCIO - Lincoln, NE May 2001 to February 2012