IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Website Services and Consulting Burtonsville, MD Work Experience IT Manager Website Services and Consulting April 2012 to Present Offering Annapolis Geeks services, this includes: Managed Services, Network Support, Security, Website Services and Consulting in wide variety of fields such as Healthcare, Manufacturing/industrial, Insurance, Transportation, Law, Retail, Engineering, Accounting/CPA and Government.  • Managing existing client relations and servicing the accounts.  • Seeking opportunities in expanding business further in current accounts.  • Leveraging prior client relationships in financial sector to expand presence and business.  • Networking and building new business relationships in IT domain.  • Traveling locally as needed for client meetings or presentations.  • Responsible for all major clients reporting.  • Developing partnership with Technical staff and recruiting team.    Industry: IT Project Manager/ Orange County, California 6 months Project Manager International Project July 2011 to December 2011 Assigned to lead and manage an International Project at Qlogic. Factory Relocation Project. Managing relocation of Qlogic industrial factory for assembling switch boards used in HP, DELL, IBM, that are built using QLOGIC Technologies from south to north china. Move included: disassembling the production equipment, packing high value equipment and existing inventory, transportation from South to North china, reassembling/calibration of equipment for timely production according to the schedule provided by the clients, hiring additional staff, and moving existing personal to new location.  • Base lined schedules using MS Project.  • Owned all aspects of project management from project initiation through project completion, production integration and service activation.  • Defined and directed resource plans.  • Worked with business and technology subject matter experts to define scope, create estimates, develop project plans, and produce Statements of Work and other documentation needed for funding approvals.  • Ensured that all Corporate Systems projects are in compliance the client's Project Management Methodology and Key Controls, and ensured that accurate and timely information is collected and reported regularly on project progress.  • Directed project activities, conducted reviews, managed risk mitigation and change control processes, and communicated status to senior executives within the development and business partner organizations.  • Achieved project goals by engaging effectively with stakeholders at all levels across the organization, including architects and strategists, technical IT subject matter experts, business partners, vendors, and senior management.    Industry: IT Project Manager/MD 4/2005 - 7/2011 5 years  Project leader  Lead a team of developers in designing and development of an intelligent web-based SAP batch job scheduling and monitoring software called ES Patrol.  Responsible for:  • Developing the project schedule with IS and Project Owner/Business Owners.  • Managing the execution of all project activities against the approved schedule, scope and budget and escalating deviations for timely resolution.  • Implementing project governance and controls in accordance with PMO standards.  • Planning resource requirements with Project Owner/Business Owner, IS Owner, and Project Sponsor.  • Managing project resources and execution of all project activities.  • Reviewing progress against requirements and plans, and resolving deviations with support from IS and Project Owner/Business Owners.  • Securing acceptance and approval of deliverable from the project sponsors and relevant stakeholders  • Producing and disseminating project related communication (including status reports, risk identification and management, escalation of issues that cannot be resolved in the team).  • Facilitating key decisions.  • Reviewing progress against requirements and plans and resolving any deviations.  • Ensuring that the required project documentation is complete and archived.    Industry: Amtrak/Washington DC 7/1998 - 3/2005 7 years  Technical Team Lead / Senior Analyst  Technical Team Lead involved in administration, design, configuration and migration of Labor Management System from CICS/DB2 base to SAP Time Management system.    Senior Analyst in preparing design documents, developing and Testing Train & Engine Labor management system written in CICS/DB2. Leader of a team of software engineers in analyzing, designing, programming, performance tuning, and user training.  • Microsoft Suite experience (e.g., Word, Excel, PowerPoint), COBOL, CICS, TSO, MVS JCL, ENDEVOR, CA Tools, SQL, DB2 and VSAM.  • Strong JCL Knowledge.  • Experience in system integration.  • Excellent problem solving skills.  • Performance tuning experience.  • Good understanding of DB2.  • Extensive Hands on experience on COBOL coding and testing using expeditor.  • Interaction with multiple customer groups for delivering enhancements/ projects.  • Developing critical components.  • Designing integration with different systems.    Industry: Government/ MD/DC 6/1989 - 7/1998 8 years  Senior Programmer/Analyst/Team Leader  Keane consultant, Customized, installed, Designed and implemented changes to financial accounting systems at Social Security Administration (SSA), HCFA, ACTION and Secret service in Washington Dc. Prepared system documentation, user manuals, documentation for on-line and batch programs, Data dictionary, screen layouts, data Flow diagrams and structure charts.  • Analyze, define, and document requirements for data and business processes.  • Design, document, and coordinate desired changes to legacy modules.  • Document the program and project deliverable as assigned.  • Analyze and estimate feasibility and compatibility with other programs and projects.  • Provide quality control for project deliverable.    Industry: Banking / MD 9/1987 - 6/1989 2 years  Senior Programmer/Analyst  Compu-u-staff. Designed and implemented Financial Accounting systems for First National Bank of Maryland, team leader on developing on line security systems.  Responsibilities included: Developing and testing new CICS and IMS DL/1 programs, making major modifications and enhancements to existing security programs, Identifying and resolving system software problems, supervising the team created for development of Checkbook Ordering System, attending management and user meeting to discuss project status, training First National Bank branch group on Checkbook Ordering System.    Industry: Banking / MD  Senior Programmer/Analyst  Comp-U-Staff. Maryland National Bank. Prepared test cases, tested, and implemented on-line and batch programs using COBOL and IDMS database. Developed work plans, program specifications, progress specifications, and interacted with the end-user to gather information.    Industry: Insurance / MD 10/1985 - 9/1987 2 years  Lead System Analyst/Programmer  Responsibilities included: conducting analysis of current in house systems, defining processing functions and business requirements for the external system design, performing computer systems analysis and program design specifications for the internal systems design. Analysis tools utilized included: data flow diagrams, data dictionary, process logic charts, testing grids and structured design charts.    Industry: Manufacturing/ MD 4/1985 - 10/1985 7 Months  Senior Programmer  Responsibilities included: gathering and analyzing information for developing and modifying application systems, extensive user interface, and defining system objectives.    Industry: Manufacturing/ MD 4/1983 - 4/1985 2 years  Programmer  Modified several in house COBOL programs, designed test procedures, established file requirements and processing specifications for automated areas of the system. Education B.S in Computer Science Towson State University 1982 Additional Information Areas of Expertise  Project Management, SDLC    Customer Relationship Management    Account Management    Project Initiative Leadership    Organizational Development    Analysis & Design large systems    Software Developer CICS/COBOL IDMS, DB2, SQL, VSAM  ABEND-AID, FILE-AID, SYSLOGS MS office, MS project, VISIO  Micro Focus Visual COBOL    Data flow diagrams (DFD)    QA Testing and Production Migrations    ISPF, EZTRIEVE, JCL, PROCS, TSO    CA Endeavor (mainframe version)