IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Katy, TX Work Experience IT Project Manager Emerson Process Management - Houston, TX January 2015 to Present Responsible for managing Information Technology projects including Oracle Implementation, Oracle Content Management, Quality Documentation, Loftware, Vertical Lift Machine implementation and SQL interfaces.    Major Contributions    • Successfully managed Oracle Upgrade project coordinating Oracle upgrade project for five Actuation Technologies Oracle sites as part of an Emerson wide upgrade involving multiple business units.  • Successfully executed two Oracle Implementation Projects converting two manufacturing sites from legacy ERP system to Oracle. Ensuring sign off from functional group leads on the accuracy of the converted data.  ? Project discovery to determine business requirements and fit-gap analysis.  ? Prepare and maintain project plan, project charter and project documentation utilizing SharePoint and Office365.  ? Maintain project status reports and communicate project status to leadership team.  ? Prepare requirements documentations.  ? Manage changes to project scope, conduct risk analysis and prepare risk mitigation plans.  ? Prepare stage gate presentations and conduct stage gate reviews.  ? Utilize Agile project management methodologies.  ? Monitored post implementation performance to minimize impact on production.  ? Skillfully managed all change requests, ensured assessment for cost & schedule impact as appropriate, tracked extraordinary unplanned expenditures or savings that affect project cost and issued closeout document including summary of deliverables, actual performance, cost performance and lessons learned during project conclusion.  • Implemented Oracle Content Management project providing a centralized document repository for global manufacturing sites with automated record retention policy management. Standardized document management processes across sites.  • Utilize Loftware Program to develop on demand print labels and quality certificates that can be generated in Oracle and programmatically loaded into Oracle Content Management  ? Worked with quality department to determine business requirements and standardize quality documents across sites. Create new quality collection plans in Oracle and design Loftware templates to generate quality certificates and load them in Oracle Content Management through a data loader program automating the quality certificate process.  • Supported Implementation of two Vertical Lift Machines Administrator for vertical lift machine setups and support interface programs between vertical lift machine and Oracle through SQL server.  • Support Operations in Strategic Initiatives including Blitz project to improve request date service levels, employee development initiatives and quotations and order management lead time process improvement. IT Project Manager Emerson Process Management - Houston, TX May 2008 to Present Emerson Process Management is a fortune 500 company that manufactures products and provides engineering services for a wide range of industrial, commercial and consumer markets. It is one of the largest power equipment manufacturers in the U.S. and has a workforce of approximately 127, 800 employees worldwide, with a global presence. Engineering Project Manager December 2011 to January 2015 Responsible for managing engineering projects including New Product Development (NPD), product testing, strategic procurement, release to production and identifying & securing participation of project team comprised of representatives from engineering, sales, marketing, strategic procurement and other departments as required. Involved in defining & documenting project scope of work, change management procedures, secure internal agreements on these and in developing, disseminating & managing project schedules containing key milestones.    Major Contributions    • Successfully managed new product development projects to completion  ? Engineering group consisted of mechanical, firmware, hardware and interoperability engineers that functioned as separate entities; the group is now a team with singular focus.  ? Launched Model 500, TEC1A and DCMlink products.  • Effectively conducted regular project meetings to review project status, issued meeting minutes with an action item register (AIR) and provided regular status communications & progress reports to key stakeholders that include items such as progress to milestones, risks, opportunities and cost status.  • Skillfully managed all change requests, ensured assessment for cost & schedule impact as appropriate, tracked extraordinary unplanned expenditures or savings that affect project cost and issued closeout document including summary of deliverables, actual performance, cost performance and lessons learned during project conclusion.  • Efficiently offered observations & recommendations throughout the project process to functional organizations as they become apparent regarding possible opportunities for improving ability to meet project deliverables in a more efficient manner; first project manager dedicated to new product development in Valve Automation.  • Actively worked with Steering Committee to tailor NPD process to better fit Valve Automation, continuously looked for & acted upon opportunities to minimize project risk or reduce project costs, trained cross-functional teams on the NPD process requirements and used influence to motivate team members to complete projects. Configuration Management Specialist April 2011 to December 2011 Document Control Coordinator May 2008 to April 2011 Involved in providing engineering support for global sales & engineering groups including creation of new part numbers, bills of materials, engineering specifications & drawings. Processed engineering change requests, developed, maintained and continuously improved departmental procedures. Performed additional responsibilities above & beyond the responsibilities of a document controller and became the go to person for engineering and support projects such as Oracle implementation and the Hungary factory opening.    Major Contributions    • Performed the functions of a Team Lead in Global Configurator System Project, defined & modified product structures, tracked & reported on outstanding ECRs & ECOs and trained others in Configuration Management skills as an Oracle Super User for the Bettis Oracle Implementation project.  • Appointed as Team Member of G Large Project.  • Responsible as an engineering lead for converting engineering data from ManMan ERP system to an Oracle database during Oracle implementation:  ? Included logic mapping to create a configurator capable of generating bills of materials based on model string logic; validated data after transfer from legacy ERP into Oracle and worked with the Oracle team to figure out the best ways to structure the data  • Efficiently trained new employees & new temporary employees in the Engineering department, provided continuous training to all departmental employees of Oracle processes & procedures and worked with personnel outside department on Oracle changes & trained them.  • Successfully implemented global standardization of control components item descriptions, participated in meetings with standardization team established by Todd to reach a consensus of item description standardization specification:  ? Project reduced confusion of items on a global perspective and streamlined purchasing efficiency and is expected to improve purchasing power & inventory control in the long run.  • Effectively created new model string structure to allow better tracking of actuator models with special requirements sold, maintained configurator map, validated sales orders for accuracy, worked with the Oracle team to create rules that simplified the mapping requirements and increased the accuracy of the configurator.  • Skillfully created training documentation for employees to have step by step procedures to follow in Oracle for tasks related to engineering data and research such as item, change order and bill of material creation, searches & comparisons.  • Actively coordinated with the India team to obtain drawings for control system packages, worked with functional groups to establish new processes for sales order routing needed to work with the Oracle ERP system and achieved a lean process to reduce product lead times & reduce errors.  • Productively implemented a root cause analysis program for tracking bill of material accuracy that resulted in increasing the accuracy from 85% to 95% over a 1 year time frame.  • Provided engineering support for the opening of a new factory in Hungary by helping the Oracle team to set up engineering data to suit the product manufacturing structure at the new facility; plant was able to go live with no database issues.  • Led the successful launch of Oracle on schedule with minimal disruption due to engineering data; also handled new factory launch support with no errors in engineering data Education Masters of Business Administration in Strategic University of Houston 2015 Bachelor of Science in Technical Management Devry University - Houston, TX 2012 Skills MANMAN, TEAM MANAGEMENT, ORACLE, SQL, NAVISION, VISIO, DOCUMENTATION, NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, NPD, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, COACHING, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, WORD, HIGHLY ORGANIZED, ARTICULATE, AUTOCAD, PROBLEM RESOLUTION, PM, PMP, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses PMP August 2011 to August 2020