IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager Dallas, TX Work Experience IT Program Manager Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC July 2018 to February 2019 Site Migrations  ? Responsible for the overall program design, development and execution planning for separation of 250+ global locations while using strategies based on past work, lessons learned and best practices  ? Managed multi-stakeholder collaborations to build consensus while working toward results, and maintaining priorities  ? Facilitated multiple cross functional workshops, including a Walk the Wall activity to align teams, project schedules, and project dependencies to produce the Alcon T Minus Site Migration Plan.  ? Co-created a project communication plan to guide the messages to the project's affected stakeholders  ? Creating program templates such as site survey materials, T Minus migration plan and communication plan, which provides a repeatable process to be followed by regional project managers  ? Designed the site migration collaboration SharePoint for both Novartis and Alcon to utilize during separation activities IT Project Manager Signature Consultants May 2018 to July 2018 Infrastructure and IT Security  ? Managed network upgrade effort in which broadband speeds were increased with various carriers, which included managing site surveys, site communication and coordination with technicians, site requirements from the telco companies and test/turn-ups IT Project Manager Service King Collision Repair July 2016 to April 2018 Infrastructure and IT Security  ? Managed the installation of SD-WAN devices across the US reducing data cost by $2.8M annually  ? Network Transformation Program (NTP)  ? Restructuring of telecom design at 300-350 location which reduced operating costs by $2M annually  ? Managed network upgrade effort in which broadband speeds were increased with various carriers, installation of Ethernet DIA, which included managing site surveys, site communication and coordination with technicians, site requirements from the telco companies and test/turn-ups with our network team. Efforts provides redundancy with multiple network connections for SD-WAN architecture  ? Coordination of 3rd party onsite team that consisted of a network closet redesign, survey of network equipment, installation of 4G backup device, installation of uninterruptible power supply, installation of AeroHive Wireless Access Points as well as internal teams that consisted of configuration and shipping of equipment.  ? Provide coordination and overall guidance of 3rd party network audit and implementation of recommendations  ? Managed the build out of SIP Data Center  ? Managed the Avaya VoIP deployment in which phones needed to be ordered, configured, shipped and installed  ? Provide overall direction and leadership for the porting of all shop main telephone numbers to reside in the SIP DC and the SIP conversion to the new CM7 environment  ? Deployment of eFax to all locations, as well as analog line installation and conversion  ? Built and designed NTP dashboard, using a cloud based tool which is shared with executives, Regional VPs, 3rd party vendors and internal team to provide real time data.  ? Managed 50+ new site openings across the US, which consisted of mergers and acquisitions and new construction.  ? Managed the implementation of a cloud-based two-factor authentication tool for VPN access and RDP, DUO Security.  ? Managing the SANs Top 20 Critical Security Control Program IT Project Manager Fahrenheit IT Staffing & Consulting March 2015 to December 2015 Cloud Infrastructure  ? Managed third party vendors in executing an Active Directory Integration for 900+ employees.  ? Executed a global tactical plan for managing Lanyon's infrastructure and other 1500+ assets while combining multi-disciplinary management techniques (including technical & financial) over the life cycle of the asset in the most cost effective manner to provide a specific level of service.  ? Managed internal and external global resources required to provision circuits, install equipment and complete network testing for MPLS Network Upgrade.  ? Managed and created the LIFT (Lanyon Information and Financial Technologies) cutover timeline and lead status updates during the cutover weekend and aggregated information from cross functional work streams, including outside consultants, and delivered an executive level status report that was shared with our Senior Leadership Team and Vista Equity Partners.  ? Implemented a global cloud base File Storage and File Sharing solution which created a secure platform for teams to collaborate and share files, while removing the need for VPNs.  ? Created and implemented Lanyon's Onboarding and Offboarding Process.  ? Managed and implemented a global internal collaboration application (Chatter).  ? Successfully managed the RegOnline Data Center Move, while providing leadership over the project teams (including System Engineers, vendors and contract staff including on-shore and off-shore resources), tracking project issues, drive solutions, identifying and communicating any unresolved problems or possible timeline issues along with recommended actions for correction. IT Project Coordinator Buchanan Technologies January 2014 to December 2014 Site Migrations  ? Managed tasks related to the overall migration success for 70+ locations within 11 months, while tracking actions, issues, risks and dependencies to insure mitigations complete in a timely manner.  ? Responsible for assisting the Migration VP, PMs, BAs and overall site team (25+ team members) with coordination, monitoring of project scope, and schedule.  ? Formulated and defined system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements  ? MS Project work plan coordination including work plan maintenance, resource management, and hours monitoring  ? Managed meeting schedules for managers in Outlook, pulled various reports from applications, and submitted requisitions for hardware, software, and supply purchases  ? Created and managed on call rotation schedule for on call staff  ? Improved effectiveness of scheduling by participating in admin team deep dives to find and analyze patterns in calendaring to better synchronize managers' meetings  ? Created template to track hardware and software renewals and maintained account relationships for vendors  ? Coordination and tracking of program-wide inter-dependent milestones and deliverables IT Project Manager Sabre Holdings June 2013 to October 2013 SabreSonic® Access and CSS Renewals  ? Coordinate and oversee 8 product teams which include managing weekly customer meetings with Oman Air  ? Project manager of AER (Automated Exchange Ticketing) activation for Oman Air  ? Coordinate and oversee 7 product teams which include managing weekly core team meetings, customer meetings with JetBlue  ? Created and tracked project plans in MS Project 2010 in order to report % complete of baseline plan against actual  ? Utilized internal and external project scope documents, business process questionnaires, and project transition documents  ? Experience with tracking allocation of resource assignments with assigned projects based on skill set or project needs  ? Financial data analysis or budgeting experience with tracking and reporting monthly/weekly budget labor hours compared to actuals variances  ? SharePoint experience with initiating set up and structure for each project site; managed document content archiving and reporting Education Bachelor of Arts degree University of North Texas 2011 Skills Financial Management (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT PROJECT (1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS Project (1 year), SharePoint (Less than 1 year), budget, maintenance, Estimating, Scheduling, Outlook