IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - UTI GRUP Bucharest Seriousness, organization, perseverance and stability are the keywords that define me. I possess high level  communication and learnig skills as well as professional ascending ideals. Work Experience IT Project Manager Romanian Public Institution - Bucharest 2016 to Present Contract Administrator at UTI GRUP  aprilie 2014 - august 2016 (2 ani 5 luni)  The activity field is facility management and security systems (CA, TVCI, EAS, EFR, Fire Solution).  All most all of the work is sustained by ERP - ORACLE Application (CRM, AP, AR)  The activity on this position is based on the administration of the contract (punctual work contract or maintenance contract) during all it's life, starting with the negociation of the terms (technical and financial),  elaboration of the contract, registering and sign it under the internal procedures of the company, maintaining the relationship between the the performer and the client.  Other activities: prepare the reports of work situations, financial reports, issuing invoices, inventory  management, prepare price offers for demanded works. Project Manager Advanced Communications Technologies and PKI Service 2014 to August 2016 2 ani 8 luni)  BAITECH is a company in the field of Advanced Communications Technologies and PKI Service  (Electronic Signature).  The activity on this position consists of elaborating the business plan, organizing the activity inside the company, prioritizing, adaptation and and production of internal work procedures, supervising the activity,  ensuring the execution of the activities at time, management of the budget, ensuring the deliverables quality  (QA), identifying, analyzing and monitor risks under SWOT analyze.  The job is held online taking into consideration the specificity of the company based on Advanced  Communications Technology.    Customer Service Agent at UTI GRUP  mai 2011 - aprilie 2014 (3 ani)  The activity on this position is based on:  - Taking over the incidents from clients and taking care to be solved by: issuing a registration number in Oracle Application (CRM), remittance to the teams that are in charge with the type of work (this means  sorting and prioritizing incidents), escalating to seniors in case of out of usual run issues and informing the client about the end of the process.  - Daily, weekly and monthly internal and external reporting stages of the incidents  - Taking over any notification and escalating to the departments it was addressed to from clients, registration  and and pursuance.    Coordonator Service  iulie 2006 - octombrie 2006 (4 luni)  emitere intrari - iesiri service echipamente. Education MASTER in SPECIALIST SECURITATE INFORMATICA Academia de Studii Economice din Bucure#ti 2012 to 2014 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/luiza-baicu-511b54b9 Certifications/Licenses PRINCE 2 Foundation Certificate in Project Management Present