IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Monterey Park, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager D.T.T Surveillance Los Angeles September 2014 to March 2018 Configure and administer Project Management Tools such as Rally and Jira.  ? Successfully manage projects execution for timely and quality delivery.  ? Kick off - Teams include QA, Dev, C-Level, VPs, Marketing and Stakeholders.  ? Perform the Role of Scrum Master for particular assignment.  ? Sprint planning - Guide team through point estimation for velocity and timebox.  ? Daily standup - Ensure team is in sync with the current project state and help solve any impediments.  ? Demo - Meeting with stakeholder to showcase product features and ensure all action item is entered in the backlog and reviewed in the next sprint.  ? Assign projects to Project Coordinators and provide mentorship.  ? Document Project execution progress execution report for D.T.T Surveillance.  ? Responsible for 3 product lines which include: DVRs, Web and Infrastructure.  ? Create monthly reports and charts on team performance.  ? Handle Project internal audits and improvements in execution.  HIGHIGHTS  ? Project Manager; Setup and implementation of client process at offshore, on time delivery with quality to ensure zero defect penalty.    ? Scrum Master; Conducting Scrum ceremonies, Certified Scrum Master, ScrumAlliance.org    ? Project Manager; Collaborated with Commercial teams and client for handling the documentation for receiving the client hardware for India Lab, Performed Preventative maintenance of the hardware and other equipment in Lab and Facilitate internal auditors for Lab, safety and security. Education Cal State Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA 2001 Skills Jira. (5 years), Project Management (4 years), Project Manager (5 years), QA (10+ years), Rally (5 years) Certifications/Licenses CSM January 2018 to January 2020 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Oops Concept, Agile framework  Database: MS-Access, SQL LITE, Toad, SQL Developer  Hardware and Platforms: Windows, Unix, Mac  Other Tools: Sublime, MS Office, HPSC, Putty, Salesforce, Rally, Jira and Basecamp.    MISSION    Edmunds.com Santa Monica Sept. 2007 - Jan. 2012  Sr. QA Engineer  ? Developed an Agile test process using Rally for ensuring quality early in development and presented to Edmunds core project team.  ? Gained valuable experience in requirement analysis, test plans, test scripts, and test cases development on both Manual and/or Automated test approach using tools such as Eclipse, Selenium, Quick Test Pro.  ? Provide time estimate for project testing and worked on concurrent projects as required.  ? Verified integrity of our internal tools application and data, and tracked/escalated issues using Rally.  ? Work with development team, project manager, product manager, and 3rd party development team to ensure understanding of project, testing requirements, and open defects.  ? Experience working with external tool Double Click for retrieving impression forecast and external tool Salesforce to support internal order needs.  ? Verified data sync through SQL relational database and product across different test environment and cross browser.  ? Run automated regression test suite through QTP and analyze results.    Helio Los Angeles May 2005 - Sept. 2007  Sr. QA Analyst  ? Black Box Testing in Windows environment.  ? Tested platform tools to support Helio phone releases, including WDP, MOD and HOT.  ? Worked with cross-functional teams on implementation and design of the product.  ? Performed basic Unix and SQL queries for data retrieval.  ? Analyzed and entered the defects found into the defect tracking system, wrote and executed test scripts from requirements, and led projects in absence of upper management.    Symantec Santa Monica May 2001 - May 2005,  Sr. QA Analyst  ? Performed Black Box Testing in Windows environment using manual and automated tools.  ? Created Test Plans and Use Case scenarios based on functional specifications.  ? Guided and trained new hires on how to set up machines, run test cases, and use bug-tracking system.  ? Worked with developers to understand product features and troubleshooting the features.    CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Agile methodologies (Scrum and Kanban)  ? Agile Project Management  ? SQA Testing & Methodologies  ? Regression & Functional Test  ? Defect & Bug Tracking  ? UI & Compatibility Test  ? Waterfall Methodology  ? Multi-Task/Prioritize Effectively  ? Project Management  ? Automation Test