Consultant / IT Project Manager Consultant / <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant / IT Project Manager - Allied World Assurance Company Farmington, CT A progressive and goal oriented project management professional with track record of building and leading high performing teams. Focus on continuous improvements to drive down costs and improve service delivery. Having over 20 years of in-depth enterprise level expertise with clustered and high availability systems architectures, relational database systems design and implementation, full life cycle applications development (SDLC) and testing support, mission critical production support, networking, operating systems, design, development, and relational database support. I was in various roles as Database Architect, Senior Oracle DBA, System Architect, System Analyst, Data Architect, Data Modeler, Project Lead and Project Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant / IT Project Manager Allied World Assurance Company - Farmington, CT April 2011 to Present Project: Dragon platform Revitalization Project:    • Define the scope of the project in collaboration with senior management    • Identify project stakeholders and engage project team to get effort estimation from various teams and determine project cost and timeline.    • Built detailed work break down structure (WBS) for effective resource allocation to perform project activities in parallel.  • Prepare financial forecasts and manage budgets for the execution of the project.    • Created a list of prioritized risks and reviewed with sponsor and team.  Manage project dependencies, risks and issues by setting up risk log with review dates and mitigation plan.Compiled cost estimates for hardware, software, training and support.    • Plan, schedule, and track project deliverables and milestones.    • Manage changes recognizing time & budget impact.    • Provide project updates to project steering committee and other stakeholders and seek necessary approvals for project execution.    • Communicated daily by scheduling meetings with Application Owners and Infrastructure team and other stakeholders to schedule the retirement and migration of all Oracle databases to the new ODA environment.  • Worked with the systems and database group to develop a recovery process that identified all applications and database in the critical path that required application and server upgrading.  • Worked with Storage team to backup and deploy EMC storage devices to DR sites.  • Migrated databases to new Oracle Database Appliance (ODA) environment to accommodate new version of Dragon application and more databases.  • Utilized Microsoft Project to drive multiple projects, also leveraged SharePoint sites as a repository for Project artifacts such as Project Plans and other project documentation  • Significant interaction with functional business users in planning and conducting analysis of business processes and problems.  • Close project with appropriate review and lessons learned process.    Projects: iVos Claims Processing System Upgrade and Farmington Datacenter Move    • Work with project sponsors, end users, customers, and vendors as needed, to define project scope, cost, and schedule.    • Create Project Charter, Scope Statements, Stakeholder Analysis, Communication Plan, Control Plan, Risk Logs and Lessons Learned.    • Lead daily status meetings with the team to monitor progress and manage changes.    • Identify and mitigate project risks, prioritize deliverables, and recommend alternative solutions.    • Prepare financial forecasts and manage budgets for the execution of the project.    • Provide project updates to project steering committee and other stakeholders and seek necessary approvals for project execution.    • Built detailed work break down structure (WBS) for effective resource allocation to perform project activities in parallel.    • Executed project from initiation to Release utilized ServiceNow ver.1.0 to request resources, Open and Close Demand Task, Project Planning/Tracking, issuing change request approvals, including milestone updates and project health reporting.  • Participated in Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery planning and testing of application/Data functionality.  • Scheduled meetings with vendor AON and senior management on draft proposals verifying Implementation plan, risk, resource plan, time-lines and milestones.  • Manage the Datacenter move of all the oracle applications along with infrastructure team.    • Close project with appropriate review and lessons learned process.    For Detailed Resume Please Contact: pm.eprom@gmail.com / 248-216-0601