IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - ZENZII Jewelry Stone Mountain, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager ZENZII Jewelry - Atlanta, GA August 2012 to Present Doraville, Georgia  o Head of IT Department  - Lead Project Manager for website planning. Worked on projects with third party clients that involve website improvements in the areas of graphic design, backend management, performance issues, usability functionality for both clients and internally, and knowledgeable in SEO performance for improving website ranking/traffic.  - Experience in project migration and setting project outline in detail while meeting project deadlines with clear in-person communication or web base ticketing support (Jira).  - Manage all email accounts and migrations of emails or files to updated version.  - Responsible for in-house technical installation of security systems and networking.    o Specialize in IT Support  - Experienced in Magento Management for multiple websites.  - Working closely managing and logging all potential bug/error clients may have.  - Manage customer technical issues via phone calls, emails, and in person.  - Troubleshoot all internal technical issues such as networking via LAN and remote station, data recovery for corrupted files, software installation and as well as implementation.  - Create operating computer servers and towers to improve efficiency.  - Experienced in upgrading Microsoft Window products while checking for compatibility issues with third party software.  - Strong knowledge in backing up, imaging, and upgrading computer components to latest software and firmware.    o Head of Logistics Department  - Responsible for managing inbound and outbound shipping procedures via software such as Worldship, Shipworks, Stamps, EDI Integration, and third party shipping plugin/mapping.  - Maintain accurate inventory documentation and drafting standard operating procedures for shipping logistics and inventory management.    o Assistant Manager for Accountant Department  - Manage purchase orders and responsible for invoicing company accounts as well as making sales decisions for large franchises.  - Strong focus on Quickbooks software management and auditing.  - Marketing projects for product advertisements such as magazines, emails, and websites. Education B.S Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA August 2011 to Present Druid Hills High School Skills Quickbooks Enterprise Solution (3 years), Microsoft Office Suite (4 years), Thub Inventory Management (2 years), Adobe Photoshop (2 years), Logiciel Tradeshow Manager (2 years), Magento Community Edition (3 years), UPS Worldship Software (3 years), MailChimp (3 years), HTML/SEO Optimization (2 years) Additional Information - Over 2+ years in experience for customer support. Worked close with clients to solve all technical issues and maintain constant follow-up on order details.  - Strong Knowledge of latest technology. Quick and avid learner to any software programs, as well as proactive person that suggest new programs that may improve upon current software.  - Outgoing and eager learner to further improve personal knowledge.  - Very detail orientated, and have strong thinking skills that find roots issues.