IT Technical Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Columbia, SC • Over 8 years of experience managing and leading major IT projects, setting project scopes, project schedules and other relevant project documentation.  • Extensive experience training, mentoring and coaching technical and non-technical personnel.  • Successfully managed EMR software and hardware upgrades for over 20 physician practices.  • Coordinated the hardware and software deployment of a 76 bed hospital, additional administrative offices, classrooms and conference rooms.  • Assessed, redesigned and managed the IT infrastructure work flow for Palmetto Health’s emergency department.  • High level attention to detail and proven aptitude for needs assessment. Work Experience IT Technical Project Manager Palmetto Health - Columbia, SC May 2014 to Present ·        Led Palmetto Heath Pharmacy Relocation project, which was completed on time and came in $20,000 under budget.  ·         Project managed the Palmetto Health Orthopedics project, resulting in a seamless transition of over 200 Palmetto Health employees and their personal devices, to include phones, computers, printers and scanners.  ·        Guided the Palmetto Health-Greystone Cubicle Reconfiguration Project, which involved relocating the entire Palmetto Health Executive and IT staff, upwards of over 400 team members and their respective technological devices. The project went “live” with minimal issues and universal leadership acclaim.  ·        Facilitates the definition of project missions, goals, tasks, and resource requirements.  ·        Manages and monitor project budgets and expenditures.  ·        Responsible for assembling the project staff and materials.  ·        Manage project progress and provide corrective action plans if problems arise.  ·        Facilitates discussions and consensus among various project stakeholders, such as analysts, software developers and clients.  ·        Sets project scope, priorities, deadlines, deliverable timelines and milestones.  ·        Facilities discussions and consensus among various project stakeholders, such as analysts, software developers and clients.  ·        Provide subject matter expertise to other functional areas for IT resource and timeline availability.  ·        Assess team and individual performance and recommend improvement solutions when necessary. Education Bachelor's in Technology Support and Training Management University of South Carolina-Columbia - Columbia, SC August 2001 to December 2006 Bachelor's