IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Liberty Mutual Insurance Portsmouth, NH Work Experience IT Project Manager Liberty Mutual Insurance July 2013 to Present • Proven project manager with experience leading all phases of diverse projects with costs of up to $1M; academic specializations in Information Systems and Economics.  • Plan and manage enterprise-wide projects to align business goals with technology solutions. Champion creative and innovative thinking to develop new capabilities and process improvements.  • Diverse technical knowledge; lead complex IT initiatives that range from operating systems to security platforms to networking.  • Provide status updates on a weekly basis on the progress of all projects. Present project status reports to market CIO on an as needed basis.  • Create project documentation such as project plans, schedules, statements of work, and scope.  • Verify that efforts have been appropriately resourced and task item ownership is clear.  • Work with outside vendors for proof of concepts and professional services.    Projects and Achievements  Agile:  • Agile coach for Windows 10. Providing advising and coaching to more experienced project managers/ managers/ directors.  • Team member of an infrastructure agile transformation group aligned to bring agile best practices to the organization. Responsible for the collection and consolidation of knowledge relating to product ownership.    Innovation:  • Created and pitched an idea for new claims process using remote sensing. Gained executive support of CTO and Market CIO's for small POC/ testing.  • Winner of 2nd place for Liberty Mutual Ignite Hackathon out of 65 teams. Served as software developer, outside normal job duties of project management.    Software Development:  • Currently creating an MVP for an internal project management application using Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, and mySQL. Version controlled by Git and production version hosted on Heroku.  • Conducted interviews with customers to identify their pain points and prioritize features based on value to the end user - "Voice of the Customer".  • Wrote and prioritized user stories to empathize with the end user's needs. Moved stories through Kanban board as work was completed.    Call Center Technology:  • Currently leading a $1M workforce management software upgrade involving multiple business units and outside vendors. Reduced timeline by negotiating project strategy and resourcing with the vendor, saving a year's worth of labor at an estimated cost avoidance of $300k.    Network Technology:  • Managed a $250k software upgrade of critical network routers that was pre-work to a $1M+ flagship initiative. Working with internal engineers and the vendor, executed the project on a timeline that would permit for a timely start of the Cisco Identity Services Engine implementation.  • Led support readiness of Cisco Identity Services Engine implementation which includes use case documentation of environment health monitoring, vendor onboarding, and IT Help Desk endpoint remediation.  • Led the implementation of NetScout Infinistream network monitoring tools for 10 premier call center offices allowing for additional insights into Liberty Mutual's network performance.    Operating System Upgrade:  • Planned and executed a "Preview" for early adopters and evangelists of Windows 10 with the inclusion of senior leaders and executives up to the CIO level.  • Currently leading Windows 10 team through Scrum ceremonies such as sprint planning, backlog grooming, sprint review meetings, and retrospectives.  • Presently managing the testing and sign off of all enterprise security applications for Windows 10, ensuring that all software functions as expected within the new operating system.    Workload Automation:  • Orchestrated the software upgrade of 1000+ ESP job scheduling agents across multiple business units. Led a team of onshore and offshore resources, delivering a new and more stable version of ESP which reduced business rework.    Server Migration:  • Led the work of multiple server migration events, moving servers from a legacy network architecture onto a new fiber network. Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Rochester Institute of Technology May 2013 International Business Rochester Institute of Technology March 2012 to May 2012 Links http://Linkedin.com/in/nvanstrijp Additional Information Skills  Project Management - User Research & Interviews - Presentation - Facilitation - Team Leadership  Requirements - Agile - Waterfall - User Stories- Market Research - Prioritization - Ruby on Rails