PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> PROJECT MANAGER - RBC CAPITAL MARKETS Hoboken, NJ Effective in leading and directing infrastructure projects from initiation to closure. Demonstrated repeated success in developing project initiatives, directing project plans and achieving revenue performance targets. Determined to grow professional experience through technology based initiatives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER RBC CAPITAL MARKETS June 2015 to Present Heavily involved in the PMO Transformation program which involved merging our Capital Markets PMO with the GTI PMO. Developed, deployed, and practiced a complete restructure of all project artifacts and processes.  Successfully managed and closed Thames Court (London) data center project which required moving over 200 servers and 150 network connections.  Successfully managed the US, Canadian and APAC deployment of a cell phone recording application to approximately 500 users in the US, Canada, and APAC as required to meet the regulatory requirements of the Dodd Frank Act.  Migrated over 100 MQ applications located in servers in the UK and Canada from old Solaris hardware to new Linux servers which involved upgrading to a new MQ version in the process.  Led an office relocation from one office in the Bahamas to another which included migrating all network and infrastructure pieces and coordinating with corporate real estate.  Completed key milestones, led meetings with stakeholders, and created and distributed risk reports as part of the Core Infrastructure Build & Tech Refresh program in order to establish new production and disaster recovery data centers for the firm.  Managed the global strategy for RBC Connect, an enterprise-wide social collaboration and networking platform, by providing and presenting updates to management and executives. IT ASSOCIATE PNY TECHNOLOGIES October 2014 to May 2015 Assisted with project to migrate project database to new office in Taiwan.  Monitored team progress and enforced deadlines.  Developed slideshows and other forms of media to present project progress to the executive team.  Assessed allocation of resources.  Gathered and analyzed performance metric data. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in Information Technology and Informatics RUTGERS UNIVERSITY May 2015 Skills BELT CERTIFIED (Less than 1 year), BLACK BELT (Less than 1 year), BUDGET (Less than 1 year), BUDGET MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills & Abilities  Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, Project, Visio, SharePoint)    Project Lifecycle Management    Project Scheduling    Budget Management    Change Management    Vendor Management    Business Management Software    Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt certified    Scheduled to complete PMP exam for certification in 2017