IT Infrastructure Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Richmond, VA IT Technical Infrastructure Project Manager   Capital One Richmond VA  NETWORK INFRASTRUCTURE|SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT |SERVICE MANAGEMENT|CHANGE MANAGEMENT    Experienced IT Project Manager / Release Manager with 15+ years of experience in large and complex IT Infrastructure development and maintenance, software application development and IT service management projects / programs specialized in Change and Release Management at enterprise level in diverse technology in the areas of Banking, Insurance, Government, Transportation, Telecom, Commercial and Retail products, Automobile, Railways and Aerospace applications. Experience include in Cloud computing and Amazon Web Services (AWS)  PMP, Six Sigma Blackbelt and ITIL credentials;   MS degrees in Computer applications and Business Management  Seven years of IT Infrastructure development and management experience.  Six years of Software Development Life Cycle Project Management experience plus  Four years of IT Service Management experience specialized in Change and Release Management  Successful Project Manager/ Service Manager – Managed and accountable for the fixed price projects and other portfolios with world class project management best practices (PMI) to complete within budget, schedule and effort and tracked through Microsoft Project (MPP). Also with exceptional quality (no defect) and excellent customer feedback. Managed the strategy and project management office. Took the responsibility from initiation to close of the project. Implemented world class best practices in projects. Managed complete Service Management Life cycle from Initiation to Release with production implementation with proper Back-out plan.  Global Deployment – Implemented the projects at a time across various geographical locations (US, Europe and Asia pacific)  Successful Leader – Led the teams of 40+ employees in various projects  Excellent communicator; leverage technical, business and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives, project stakeholders and across cross-functional teams.  Performance Analyst: Measure project performance through Earned Value analysis and other metrics. Used PERT/CPM along with statistical analysis.  Expert in Agile, Waterfall and V project management methodologies. Able to manage large project teams and known for high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary target. Translate business requirements into actionable project plans and milestones.  Overall experience includes IT Infrastructure Management, Data Center development and maintenance, Portfolio Management, Project Management, IT Change Management, Release Management, Software Development, Quality Assurance, Risk Management, Project Management Office (PMO), IT Security Management, consulting and HP datacenter management Tools Implementation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Infrastructure Project Manager Capital One - Richmond, VA April 2011 to Present Responsibilities  • Successfully lead and build Capone Mobile App infrastructure (Dev, QA, Perf, Beta and Prod environments)  • Successfully managed a team of FW Engineers, Big-IP Engineers and Routing & Switch Engineers  • Successfully managing all change requests for the data centers including Firewall changes, Load Balancing (Big-IP/F5) changes, DNS changes and Routing changes.  • Successfully lead and building physical and VM Ware servers including provisioning and post-provisioning  • Successfully lead and build Amazon Web Services (AWS)’s EC2 instances / Servers using manual as well as Cloud Formation Templates (CFTs) using Jenkins jobs / JASON’s template  • Successfully led and building Amazon Web Services (AWS)’s Virtual Private Cloud (VPCs), its Security Groups (SGs) and Network Access Control Lists (NACLs)    Accomplishments  • Successfully lead and build Capone Mobile App infrastructure (Dev, QA, Perf, Beta and Prod environments)  • Successfully managed a team of FW Engineers, Big-IP Engineers and Routing & Switch Engineers  • Successfully managing all change requests for the data centers including Firewall changes, Load Balancing (Big-IP/F5) changes, DNS changes and Routing changes.  • Successfully lead and building physical and VM Ware servers including provisioning and post-provisioning  • Successfully lead and build Amazon Web Services (AWS)’s EC2 instances / Servers using manual as well as Cloud Formation Templates (CFTs) using Jenkins jobs / JASON’s template  • Successfully led and building Amazon Web Services (AWS)’s Virtual Private Cloud (VPCs), its Security Groups (SGs) and Network Access Control Lists (NACLs)    Skills Used  IT Infrastructure, Data Center, AWS Education MS in Information Management Indian Institute of Science - Bangalore, Karnataka 1998 to 2000 MS in Computer Applications Madurai Kamaraj University - Bangalore, Karnataka 1996 to 1998 Skills IT Project Management (10+ years), Information Architecture (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses PMP - Project Management Professional June 2019 Six Sigma Black Belt June 2019 Additional Information Operating Systems:  ? Windows, Unix and Linux    Cient:  ? Windows8, Windows7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 2000    Servers:  ? Windows 2008, Windows 2003, Windows 2000, AWS Servers / EC2 instances    Network:  ? LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, FWs, Big-IP, AWS VPCs, SGs and NACLs    Programming / Scripting Languages:  ? C, C++, Java, VB.net, Javascript, PHP, HTML5 and CSS6    Database:  ? SQL Server 2012, Oracle 11G, MySQL, Teradata, MS Access    Testing Tools:  ? HP Quality Center, /HP ALM    Project Management Tools:  ? HP PPMC, CA Clarity, Version One (Agile)    IT Service Management Tools:  ? HP Service Manager, BMC Remedy, IBM Rational Suite    Configuration Management Tools:  ? Rational Clearcase, Visual Sourcesafe etc.    IT Data Center Management Tools:  ? HP EUM/RUM, HP Asset Manager, Sitescope, NNMi, Business Availability Center(BAC/BSM), Decision Center, Sever Automation, Network Automation    Microsoft Office Tools:  ? Microsoft Excel VBA – Excel Automation  ? MS Powerpoint  ? MS Word  ? Visio  ? MS Project    Others:  ? Sharepoint Implementation/ Active Directory/LDAP, TCP/IP, LotusNotes, Exchange servers, Adobe tools, Winzip    Internet Browsers:  ? Explorer Chrome, Firefox    Mobile Technology:  ? Android, Apple (ios) and Windows