IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Aurora Health Care Franklin, WI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Aurora Health Care January 2014 to Present -VoIP Transformation: Budget 7.8 million Twenty Two sites, 5 Month timeframe  -Strategic Contact Center: Budget 4.5 million Five sites, 13 month timeframe  -Office 365: Exchange Online, Skype for Business Online and Skye Audio conferencing    Duties:  Manages highly complex, strategic IT program(s) consisting of multiple projects as well as drives key initiatives in the IT project portfolio.    Partners with senior leadership to establish targets, benchmarks, performance measures and business requirements to identify tolerances with respect to scope and budget.    Communicate with senior management regarding project tolerances and updates and re-baselines the plan when needed.    Prepare and customize work plans, cost estimates and timetables to facilitate the project installation.    Ensures effective utilization of all project resources, people and equipment, through all phases of the project.    Use project coordination skills to ensure that installations are completed within established budgets and timeframes.    Work with technical staff, project analysts, other project coordinators, and site team or regional management to place orders, contact vendors and assist in scheduling the deployment/development team.    Performs project post-implementation analyses to establish lessons learned and ensure that these are incorporated in the overall project management approach. Education Bachelor's in Health Care Administration University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI May 2010 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (7 years), PMP (4 years) Certifications/Licenses PMP June 2014 to June 2020 Additional Information SKILLS  Strong communication skills with demonstrated ability to concisely communicate project status, risks and issues with senior leaders.  Self-starter comfortable taking the initiative and making decisions on the best available information.  Able to interpret and present basic technical analysis in non-technical terms for management reporting.  Problem solve by utilizing information from vendors and staff and to adapt work plan priorities.  Detail oriented with ability to handle project complexity and detail.  Excellent organizational skills with a focus on establishing goals, milestones and priorities.  Proven analytical and problem-solving skills.  Ability to work and remain flexible in a dynamic environment with multiple dependencies, multiple departments and multiple projects.  Ability to lead diverse technical groups and pull them together allowing for successful initiatives.  Prior formal budget accountability    Rachael Koziol PMP  PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL