IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Marble Falls, TX Project Manager with experience in Information Technology, GIS Data acquisition, and Asset Management. Rose from the ranks of Field Operator to IT Project Manager by proving my skills and knowledge with a tenacious attitude. I can work side by side in the field with the best of operators, while bringing my knowledge back to the office where I can collaborate with the best of minds. I’m skilled in communications diagnostics and network security. I feel I am an integral part to any team environment no matter what the job is.   Graduated with Honors at Texas State Technical College in Waco, TX with an Associates of Applied Science in Computer Science Technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager City of Horseshoe Bay - Horseshoe Bay, TX February 2016 to Present Duties: IT Technician and Project Manager for the Utilities Department. I started as a Field Operator working my way through the ranks until proving my skills and knowledge in GIS data acquisition and managing equipment out in the field. I oversee employees when it comes to water management and instructing operators on how to use technical equipment in the field. Foreman Pre-Con Construction - Marble Falls, TX February 2015 to February 2016 Duties: General Construction and Metal Fabrication where I assisted with purchasing and invoicing customers. I oversaw apprentice welders and directed them to job sites and payed out work for the day. Education Associates of Applied Science in Computer Science Technology Texas State Technical College - Waco, TX May 2015 Skills HTML 5 (1 year), GENERAL CONSTRUCTION (10+ years), PUBLIC WORKS (3 years), BUDGETING (2 years), Water Distribution (3 years), Metal Fabrication (6 years), Heavy Equipment Operation (4 years), VOIP (2 years), Team Leader (2 years), Wastewater Collection (3 years) Certifications/Licenses TCEQ C-Water Distribution March 2017 to March 2020 This license falls under the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. It requires 2 years of field experience and multiple classes and tests to achieve the license. This license allows operators to make water main line repairs and treat water after a significant leak. TCEQ C-Wastewater Collection February 2017 to February 2020 This license falls under the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality. It requires 2 years of field experience and multiple classes and tests to achieve the license. This license allows operators to make sewer main line repairs and treat effected areas with Approved chemicals to ensure proper sanitation. Cityworks Asset Management Admin and Design Present This certification is awarded after completing a series of courses and exams showing proper techniques when designing work orders and building analytics dashboards that integrate with work order data. Groups Technology Research and Development Committee Present This committee oversees and technology acquisition and management for the City of Horseshoe Bay. Currently a senior seat on the committee. Additional Information Public Works Project Management  Development Services  Computer Maintenance  Software design and iteration  Asset Management and Budgeting  Website Development and Maintenance  Public Works and Communication  Technical Documentation and Office Duties  Logistical Mathematics  General Construction and Development