IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Concentra Reseda, CA Business analyst with over ten years of management and coordination experience thrives working in fast-paced, high-pressure environments. Adept at gathering requirements, identifying opportunities for automation, and solving business problems. Highly skilled in business process modeling and process redesign. Excellent time-management skills and the capability to effectively collaborate with developers and vendors has resulted in never failing to meet milestone deadlines in over thirty projects. Has demonstrated the ability to be effective, detail-oriented, and highly organized. Key strengths include leadership, writing, and communication skills. Work Experience IT Manager Concentra - Valencia, CA 2018 to Present • Managed a group of fifteen developers, business analysts, and clinical application support specialists.  • Coordinated the implementation of enhancements and fixes into clinical applications.  • Coordinated the fulfilment of data requests to facilitate the integration process.  • Developed transition plans for colleagues and reassigned job duties. Clinical Applications Project Lead U.S. HealthWorks - Valencia, CA 2014 to 2018 • Gathered and documented requirements for multiple projects from a committee of cross-functional stakeholders.  • Observed workflow at clinics and created process flowcharts.  • Implemented a new workflow and system enhancements in a referral order entry and tracking application that increased referral coordinator productivity by 25% and decreased authorization denials by 10%.  • Incorporated state-specific coding and worker's compensation rules and regulations into the EMR application to ensure compliance.  • Performed project management duties that resulted in the implementation of EMR in fifty-five clinics in seven states in a year.  • Prepared functional specifications and mock-ups for developers.  • Led daily stand-up meetings with the development and support teams.  • Managed the application support team.  • Reduced bug reports by 60% by standardizing pre-go-live test plan.  • Conducted application testing and defect documentation to ensure software quality.  • Reduced backlog of open bugs by 70% by coordinating with vendors and managing in-house developers.  • Facilitated conference calls pertaining to patches, enhancements, and updates on projects.  • Created training material and enhancement documentation.  • Conducted training sessions and application demonstrations.  • Provided application support to over three hundred end users. Education Master of Business Administration in Computer Information Systems California State University - Los Angeles, CA June 2014 Skills Customer service, Dbms, Sdlc, Use case, Sql, Java, Sap, Documentation, Process analysis, Process modeling, Workflow, Articulate, Leadership skills, Multitasking, Presentation skills, Audits, Budget, Process redesign, Relationship building, Marketing, Active Directory