Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Computer Information Systems Graduate Farmington Hills, MI I have attached my resume and included some fields of interest:     1. Business Oriented System Development - System Analysis & Design   2. Infrastructure Development   3. System Administration - Client / Server    I would be happy to explore additional opportunities that you think may be a good fit for me. Long term, I see myself in a business managerial and project management role due to my ability and interest in collaborating between different business functions. Looking forward to hearing back from you soon.    Thank you,    Abobakir Alfayadh Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Creative Business Intelligence, Inc. - Dearborn, MI July 2015 to Present Responsibilities  Coordinate software development between client and developer:  - Gathering requirements.   - System analysis and design.   - Maintaining contact with client and developers.   - Reaching milestones according to set time and resources. IT Assistant Life for Relief and Development - Southfield, MI July 2007 to July 2010 Managed network of 20+ internal computer systems; for Email, File, and Database servers.  • Responded to inbound queries and requests from employee communications.  • Responsible for maintaining computer supply inventory.  • Coordinated with management to upgrade, build/customize hardware + software of all clients and server side computers to reach time/cost efficiency goals.  • Consistent computer supply replenishment and client/server side maintenance.  • Managed Avaya phone network system and trained staff on how to effectively use phone features.  HUMANITARIANISM:  Habitat for Humanity  • Assisted in the building of a new home for a deserving family.  Life for Relief and Development  • Assisted in 50+ fundraisers for the less fortunate.  • Packaged 40-ft. containers with food and medical supplies for:  Gleaners food bank, New Orleans hurricane victims, Iowa flood survivors, and Haiti  earthquake survivors.    TECHNOLOGY:  • Excellent troubleshooting skills in complex software and hardware problems.  • Configuring, managing, and maintaining networking equipment.  • Disaster Recovery.  • Software  Excellent knowledge of: Windows OS, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint.  Familiar with: Visual Studio 2013, Team Foundation Server, Microsoft SharePoint, SQL Server  Management Studio, Microsoft Access, Adobe suite.  • Hardware  Excellent knowledge of: Client/Server side components; Proficient in building, managing, and maintaining servers, PC's, and Networks.  • Programming:  Familiar with: C#, MVC 5, SQL, HTML, BootStrap, CSS, JavaScript. Education Bachelor of Business Administration Eastern Michigan University - Ypsilanti, MI April 2015 Skills C#, SQL, MSSQL, HTML, CSS, Oracle, Information Systems, Access Databases, JavaScript, TFS, MVC 5