Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Saint Petersburg, FL Work Experience Project Manager Mad Mobile - Tampa, FL August 2015 to Present Currently managing three concurrent development streams for a mobile application (tablet/phone UI), service tier, and management portal (web UI) with development & test teams in Tampa and South America.    Manage 3 parallel teams of developers (18 total) implementing all parts of the tech stack  Coordinate product lifecycle from vision/requirements to release  Coordinate sprints and roadmap with product owners and dev leads  Manage and coordinate releases of software to production environment  Monitor and report project health including schedule, scope and resource allocation  Proactively identify, monitor and manage risks, assumptions and constraints  Create requirements with detailed acceptance criteria  Coordinate with contract dev resources  Assist in process design and execution IT Project Manager BIC Graphic - Clearwater, FL March 2014 to August 2015 Coordinated projects for delivery of intranet and external websites. Assisted in leading introduction of structured project management processes.    Coordinate and manage contractors for project work  Stakeholder communication  Work closely with Business Analysts and the business owners to ensure project stays within scope and timeline  Manage issue tracking and push for resolution  Schedule and coordinate team meetings and status updates  Support business owners in modifying and improving departmental processes  Maintain good working relationships with business owners to encourage open communication  Inform team members and stakeholders of possible risks to prevent issues  Assist in resolving team member conflicts and escalating when necessary  Project planning and action item tracking  Assist in solution and design for new process implementations  Support Business Analyst in working with business owners to define and solidify project requirements    Project Experience  - ERP implementation and functional enhancements – Customer Service, Finance modules – Oracle eBS  - Content Manager Implementation – Oracle WebCenter Content  - Website replatforming – Oracle WebCenter Sites  - Implementing new primary carrier (shipping) in multiple systems  - Implementing new marketing pricing structure and internal/external web changes  - Migration of servers from hosted/off-site to on-site data center(s)  - IT project prioritization process  - Data harmonization between systems IT Project Manager - PMO CEMEX - West Palm Beach, FL July 2012 to March 2014 Managed infrastructure and network migration project and data center migration.     Assist in initial project planning including logistics, resources, schedule, timeline, administration, and data analysis.  Provide administrative, communication and coordination support to multiple projects simultaneously involving both applications and infrastructure teams.   Responsible for operational and project reporting on a weekly, monthly and quarterly basis for Service Requests (Change Management) and the project portfolio for both US Management and Global management for US IT Projects.  Coordinate and facilitate meetings across business lines, functional areas and vendors in multiple countries on various projects.  Develop, prepare, present and maintain project plans, timelines and other project data in Microsoft Projects, Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint.  Maintain action item lists and coordinate resolutions for each project and subproject.  Ensure project deadlines and deliverables are met by appropriate delegation, organization, follow-up communication, and persistence.  Assist in management of project resources and travel coordination for project members including external contractors.  Effectively manage project changes and escalate to management using the proper escalation path when necessary.  Process mapping and gap analysis for various IT processes.  Assist in the changes to policies and procedures including modifying documentation, or coordinating with the correct people to complete the task.   Monitor and report on progress of projects to stakeholders.  Monitor and maintain effective communication between project team, stakeholders and vendors including conference calls, emails, web conferencing, face-to-face meetings and one-on-one sessions.    Project Experience  - Data center migration  - Data network conversion for all US locations (600+)  - Service desk tool replacement  - Global outsourcing transition and transformation  - Paperless paystub and Pay Card implementation  - Intranet migration/ development  - Site moves, openings and closures  - New pricing model implementation  - Application Upgrade/ Replacement  - Domain integration Education Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL December 2009 Additional Information Certified ScrumMaster