Consultant Consultant Consultant - Avalara/FuelQuest Houston, TX Work Experience Consultant Avalara/FuelQuest - Houston, TX January 2013 to Present Design and implement supply chain solutions for the downstream energy industry.  • Participate in the project planning process, providing input on tactics and tasks necessary for a successful implementation.  • Analyze business processes and requirements for configuring FuelQuest products based on specified requirements and conducting quality validation tasks to ensure product readiness for client use.  • Collaborate with the project team in development, reviewing, and approving deliverable documents.  • Communicate and collaborate with a project team to ensure consistency of project reporting, identification of project risks and defining and managing project dependencies.  • Develop and maintain specific project documents to meet and support project progression and milestones.  • Collect and analyze client data, as it relates to the product requirements, and identify data gaps and challenges.  • Participate in project status meetings and discussions with the project team(s) and the customer(s).  • Educate and train clients on the product throughout the project life cycle.  • Assist the customer in understanding how the FuelQuest products fit into their environment and processes. IT Project Manager TriStar Global Energy Solutions - Houston, TX June 2012 to December 2012 Project Sponsor: Steve Burg, Director of Information & Technology at TriStar Global Energy Solutions (Houston, TX)    Design and implement a corporate-wide IT project consisting of:  • Advanced wireless forms for project managers at refinery locations or job sites to process data in real-time to increase overall operational efficiency, as well as improve data accuracy by administrating data entries to reduce user errors via tablets.  • Improving security by protecting sensitive corporate informational assets by monitoring and managing offsite personnel with live GPS tracking on satellite maps for time keeping and payroll purposes.  • Training offsite and internal personnel, and scripting user training documentations. Project Sponsor Kirk Michaelis & Bud Harmon, Owners of El Bolillo Bakery LLC - Houston, TX January 2012 to April 2012 Design and implementation of a network infrastructure consisting of:  • Server room with VPN and cloud backup capabilities.  • 6 POS terminals with EBT capability.  • Payroll system with biometric thumb readers.  • Telecommunication solution with 8 fixed-lines and 10 business class telephones.  • 2 Surveillance DVR systems with 32 IP-based security cameras.  • Contingency and disaster recovery plans.  • Documentations of operational procedures, management of IT security, and IT human resource planning. IT Project Manager C.T. Bauer College of Business - Houston, TX September 2011 to April 2012 Owner Miriam Garcia - Pasadena, TX September 2011 to December 2011 Design and implementation of:  • Customized e-Commerce web store with product customization features.  • Point of sale system with accounting and payroll solutions.  • Integration of e-Commerce web store to physical store in real-time to manage sales, orders, inventory, shipping and customer support.  • Social media implementation with customized newsletters for internet marketing.  • Client documentations of potential risk assessments, contingency and disaster recovery plans.  • Client and staff training of operational procedures, IT best practices and cyber-security strategies.    IT Project Manager Responsibilities  • All team decisions and management of project scope and resources.  • Design project plan and delegate tasks by setting milestones.  • Supervise team to successfully complete milestones, through series of tasks.  • Schedule and facilitate bi-weekly status meeting with team and client.  • Ensure project deliverable satisfies project scope requirements.  • Monitor quality control and testing. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Supply Chain Management C.T. Bauer College of Business, University of Houston - Houston, TX 2010 to 2012 Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems C.T. Bauer College of Business, University of Houston - Houston, TX 2010 to 2012 Additional Information • Proven IT leader with successful management experiences across the IT value chain by supporting customers in multiple industries.  • Experienced in transforming organizations to support the needs of businesses as they evolve and grow.  • Excellent written and verbal communicator who effectively maintains relationships with business stakeholders to ensure that IT solutions meet their needs and exceed their expectations.    SKILL SUMMARY  • IT Project Management  • Business Consulting  • Network Infrastructure Design  • Systems Integration  • Data/Business/Systems Analysis  • Management of Information Security    • Operations/Logistics Strategy Development  • Risk Management, Contingency and Disaster Recovery Planning  • Project Quality Management  • Testing/Scripting/Documentation  • Client Engagement, Billing, and Training    Applications    ASP.NET  ACT Comet Tracker  Adobe Photoshop  Belarc Advisor  Eclipse IDE  FOG  Joomla  Kaseya  MS Project 2010  MS SharePoint  MS Visio 2010  Notepad++  QuickBooks Pro POS v10  QuickBooks Pro 2012  QuickBooks Payroll  SAP  Spiceworks  WordPress e-Commerce  ZyTax Compliance 5    Languages    AJAX  C#/C++  HTML  Java  JavaScript  SQL  VBScript  XML    Systems    Windows 7/8/XP  Windows Server 2008 R2 SP2    Networking    Firewalls  LANs  Routers  TCP/IP  VPNs    Security    ESET  VIPRE Business 5.0    Trilingual    English  Chinese (Mandarin)  Japanese