Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> istanbul ? Solution dr iven Electrical Engineer with 19 years of experi ence in the areas of IT and Radio Frequency especially in G SM-EDGE -UMTS -WIMAX -LTE,  Fiber communication networks design, planning, optimization, operations and maintenance.  ? Quality, val ue, profit and detail oriented certified manager is experienced in leading diverse teams and processes for projects withi n tight sc hedules  and multicultural matrix organization environment. Seniority in presales engineering of RFI -RFP-RFQ processes within sales, purchasing contracts and  contract management including post award phase project management service s delivery.  ? Experienc ed i n w orking and living abroad Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Project Manager AtoS - Istanbul, TR May 2013 to Present Managing the teams and processes of System Design, Delivery, Installation & Commissioning, Handover and Acceptance of: IT, Multimedia,  Broadcast, Radio, Operational, PAVA, Security Systems digital infrastructure of the buildings Hotel, Medical Center, Velodrome, Athletes IT management International Zone - Ashgabat, TM 2013 to 2013 within A shgabat Olympic Village which is currently under construction till 2017 Asian Olympic Games. Responsibility in leading 7 subcontractor companies teams which comprises of 80 staffs. Also manage d the field  installation, commissioning and operation of major sports event IT systems delivery that includes Time and scoring, centralized on -venue  result, Olympic game IT management systems in cooperation with Spanish team. Coordinated overall logistics and stock manageme nt process at Ashgabat leg as secondary role. Phase I -II highlights: 2 Data Centers, 950 Km Fiber connectivity, 1700 Switches, 1800 Wi -Fi, 7800 IP  Phones.    PRESENT  ASHGABAT  MAY.2013    Delivered consultancy services in terms of technical project management and PMBOK methodologies for startup R &D firm in media sector.    ISTANBUL