IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - MTN Business Namibia I am a successful Project Manager with expertise in project life cycles, planning, executing, controlling and closing projects delivering business value and delighting stakeholders. Work Experience IT Project Manager MTN Business Namibia May 2017 to Present Responsibilities  ? Provide framework for Project and tasks, defining, planning and assigning work to be done.  ? Project-coordination an allocated pool of new installations, changes to client network service upgrade or cancellation from initiation to finalization effectively.  ? Ensure that all sales, project initiation packs and delivery of service documentation is completed and processed correctly.  ? Complete weekly and monthly WIP reports and disseminates as appropriate.  ? Ensure all customer queries are attached to and resolved within agreed SLA's.  ? Adopt proactive approach to prevent problems from arising in future.    Achievements  - Implemented incident Management Process on how to handle the customer's request  - Successfully implemented new incident management solution called Remedy ticketing system for better ticket management.  - Managed to implement SMART Solution System to monitor all our customer's interfaces starting from Johannes Burge, Cape Town and Windhoek Namibia.  - Managed to Implement Unified Communication/LDI Project for MTN Namibia external Customer's. IT Project CO-ORDINATOR SCHLUMBERGER OIL SERVICE September 2015 to October 2016 Achievements  - EPACS System implementation for the Old and New Base  - Planned and designed a disaster recovery strategy for the company, a project that was highly commended by the management team.  - Analysed system requirements and developed a backup and restoration resolution.  - Managed IT Dashboard to monitor all our site and device connectivity.  - Produced an effective plan & risk assessment so that timescales and project costs are underwritten, understood & accepted by all stakeholders.  - Produced detailed training documentation, which aided a new system installation that was distributed to all staff members. IT Onsite Engineer SCHLUMBERGER OILD FIELD SERVICE July 2014 to February 2015 Achievements  - Relocated the network and office equipment including phone services resulting in a 50% cost reduction to the New base.  - Responsible for Maintaining, Supporting and Enhancing Systems and Infrastructure;  - Administration of all Servers and Associated Applications;  - User Support; 3e Vending Channels Support; Procure Software and Hardware; Network Security; Maintaining The Website Content; Manage It Inventory;  - Projects Facilitation; Sap Administration; Telephone System Administration;  - Co-Ordinate Computer Operations  - Plan and Improve On It Infrastructures  - Maintain and Administer Backup Server  - Implements, supports, uses, and communicates existing best practice policies and procedures.  - Works with decision makers, stakeholders, and clients to define business requirements, system goals and help resolve client issues. Education Bachelor Degree in systems and networking Polytechnic of Namibia April 2011 Seminary Propaedeutic of Cabinda November 2004 Skills Cisco (Less than 1 year), Cisco Pix (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Firewall (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year) Additional Information KEY SKILLS    Technical Skills  - Microsoft Office  - Microsoft Project  - Microsoft SharePoint  - PHP  - SQL  - XHTML  - CSS  - Visual Basic  - Oracle  - Cisco Pix Firewall  - Virtualization