Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Fredericksburg, VA An experienced Project Manager skilled in developing and maintaining MS Project schedules, project delivery, and budget analysis. Proven track record for improving efficiency, productivity, customer satisfaction, communication plans, and scope management. Extensive experience in e-commerce, e-business, government, and financial industries. Work Experience Project Manager IPT Associates - Washington, DC October 2012 to September 2013 Provide support to management team for Veteran’s Benefits Administration (VBA) projects for the Office of Business Process Integration.  • Interfaced with third-party vendors and functional areas to develop an architectural strategy. Collaborated with functional areas to determine role for business and enterprise architecture for VBA.   • Developed MS PowerPoint presentations to define communication plan and business case architecture. Developed reports, maintained records of systems, and applications which obtained 508 Compliance and waivers within VBA.  • Captured decisions, minutes, and action items for the work group. Monitored projects to identify areas were business engagement is needed. Communicated any tasks and action items to the appropriate team member that required business engagement.  • Communicated individual project and work stream status reports to upper-management weekly. Provided monthly team out-of-office calendar which included training, vacations, and telework. IT Senior Project Manager Astyra Corporation at Capital One - Richmond, VA February 2012 to August 2012 Managed non-technology (HSBC and ING Direct) integration projects varying in size from $150K to $1 Million dollars for the Portfolio & Delivery Department at Capital One.    • Managed third-party vendor and subject matter experts who worked to identify gaps in compliance and provide recommendations to resolve issues with the Program Shield team. Managed integration for HSBC and ING Direct projects to train, communicate, provide awareness, merging of resources, and suppliers into the Capital One environment.  • Coordinated with Business Analysis to document System and Business Requirement criteria. Outlined the projects tasks to indicate dependencies and predecessors, establish critical path elements, identify project phases, and document the completion status of each task and milestone.   • Published documentation in a repository such as Knowledge Link and Clarity. Evaluated monthly forecasts to monitor levels of effort by each team resource to complete requirements. Integrated Capital One information security policy and procedures into acquired companies HSBC and ING Direct environments. Monitored monthly variance between actual and estimated capitalization per project IT Project Manager II Apex Systems at Federal Reserve Bank - Richmond, VA May 2011 to February 2012 Managed projects of various sizes up to $1 Million dollars for mainframe and web platforms for the information application development department of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. Each project has been delivered within budget.    • Managed/co-managed projects for a payment and information system divided between waterfall (web applications) and mainframe (agile) environments.   • Developed and maintained project charter and scope to Centralized Business Application Function Department (CBAF) and Financial Management System (FMS) for clarification of the ASAP application processes and procedures for projects.   • Monitored monthly variance between actual, estimated capitalization, and non-capitalization per project. Documented acceptance criteria for each project phase with product owner and team. Monitored to ensure endorsements and approval from business stakeholder (CBAF and FMS) were received.   • Coordinated project team members ranging in size from 5 to 12 people including Business Analyst, Developers, and Testers to ensure that project progressed according to the planned schedule.   • Completed project closure documentation and approvals have been captured and stored for auditing purposes. IT Project Manager III / JR. IT Project Manager Bay Harbor at Capital One - Richmond, VA February 2010 to March 2011 Managed and provided management support multiple multi-million dollar credit card, bank, and financial Services IT projects at Capital One. Promoted from Junior IT Project Manager to IT Project Manager III.    • RTM is a waterfall environment interfacing with various agile platforms within Capital One. Managed up to 7 integrated credit and infrastructure projects simultaneously ranging from $100,000 to $25 Million dollars for the card, bank, and financial services departments on the Real Time Messaging (RTM) platform with teams ranging in size 5 to 7 members.   • Delivered RTM charter to projects for clarification of RTM processes and procedures. Interfaced with RTM team members, stakeholders, and upper-management to confirm and manage project modifications for technical requirements, business requirements, and scope.   • Developed and / or implemented project registration. Developed and maintained project schedule using MS Project. Documented acceptance criteria for each project phase with product owner and team.   • Developed Labor Planned and Actual report retrieved from Clarity to track labor and non-labor expenses for monthly and weekly budgets. Maintained iteration backlog to create burn down charts and various reports.   • Evaluated monthly forecasts to monitor levels of effort by each team resource to complete requirements, design, development, and testing.   • Monitored testing (unit, system, performance and integration) of project deliverables. Targeted RTM release dates based on completion of deliverables, testing, and integrated roll out dates.   • Completed RTM closure checklist to ensure all project documentation and approvals have been captured and stored in Knowledge Link for auditing purposes. Education Master of Information Systems in MIS University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science University of North Carolina - Charlotte, NC Skills Charter Development, Work Breakdown Structure ((WBS) (evaluating level of effort, budget, and baseline) Scrum, Waterfall, and RAD Methodology, Project Management Plan, Communication Plan, Change Control Management, Scope Management, Interfaced with customer, stakeholders and senior management, Project Status Reports, Budget Management, Project Leadership, Meeting Preparation and Closure (Schedule, Agenda, and Minutes), Schedule Management , Risk and Issues Management, Lesson’s Learned, Resource Allocation, Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC),Project Closure Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/sheria-waters-mis/10/5b1/600/ Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Strategic Planning Process Improvement Project Leadership  Quality Control Budget Management Client / End-User Relations  Schedule Management Proposal Development Scope Management  Scrum Mythologies Risk, Actions, Issues Decisions Management Change Control Management    COMPUTER SKILLS  Computer Languages: HTML, SQL (2000, 2005), C, XML  Computer Software: Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, MS Office (Word, Excel,  Power Point, Outlook, and Access), Clarity, SharePoint, Quality Center, Quelle, Knowledge Link, FrontPage, Clarity, WYSIWYG Editor, Adobe (Acrobat and Photoshop), E-Value Insight, Netg, SkillSoft, Books On-line and SkillSoft Customized Training Software (CCT)  Computer Systems: Microsoft Windows (98, NT, 2000, XP,Vista, Windows 8)    MEMBERSHIP  Professional Management Institute (PMI)  Project Management Institute - 2012 Central Virginia Chapter Vice President of Professional