IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Reseda, CA Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER PENNYMAC - Agoura Hills, CA February 2016 to Present ? Initiate and plan the project including facilitating the definition of objectives, scope, and deliverables  ? Develop and publish communications to project team, department personnel, stakeholders and leadership  ? Maintain document control, track project activities and team communications   ? Provide leadership, consultation, direction, and end-to-end support for projects to ensure coordination of project activities.  ? Conduct weekly meetings with project team members to capture status, issues, and action items.  ? Allocate respective project task and hours to engineers and staff to ensure proper timekeeping of efforts. IT PROJECT COORDINATOR - CONTRACT KAISER PERMANENTE - Pasadena, CA January 2014 to February 2016 ? Developed and maintained project plan and update work breakdown progress and schedule, and change as needed  ? Conducted change management meetings with stakeholders and track status of requests via change-log document.  ? Analyzed new issues or requests and their upstream and downstream impact on IT and business  ? Scheduled and coordinated resources to perform on-site activities in preparation for cutover/go-live  ? Created and maintained SOPs, proposals, schedules and miscellaneous project documentations via Microsoft SharePoint  ? Provide deployment teams with necessary tools: peripheral placement diagram, checklist, bill-of-materials, contact information  ? Reported updates/punch-list items and elevated to appropriate teams for remediation of outstanding tasks.  ? Facilitated cross-departmental meetings to finalize work-flow and business requirements of respective pharmacy sites  ? Lead multiple service area touch-point meetings to monitor deadlines during the absence of Program/ Project Managers PROJECT ENGINEER SAGE ELECTRIC COMPANY - Chatsworth, CA April 2012 to January 2014 ? Reviewed subcontractor’s proposal to ensure adequate scope of work and create subcontract for involved parties to execute  ? Cross-referenced submittals from vendors to match project drawings/specifications and initiate purchase order after approval  ? Coordinated with purchasing manager and vendors for the release and delivery of light fixtures and switchgear to jobsite  ? Communicated with project manager, foreman, subcontractors to discuss project status and address current/foreseeable issues   ? Created change order request by determining sequence of work and cost of materials/labor to submit to general contractor  ? Assembled warranties, O&M manuals, as-built drawings and other close-out documents at project completion to furnish to owner Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY California State University - Northridge - Northridge, CA