Senior IT Auditor Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor IT Compliance Analyst & Auditor, CISA PMP MBA Los Angeles, CA Accomplished IT Compliance analyst and auditor with extensive experience in risk management, compliance testing of SOX systems with ITGC and ITAC, deficiency assessment, and development and implementation of remediation plans. IT Project Manager with proven project management skills in leading diverse teams to exceed stakeholder expectations on schedule, cost and quality. Strong technology background, excellent grasp of personnel, technical and business issues; and effective leadership, people skills and team player. Also significant experience leading IT projects including Application development, Web development, COTS, SaaS, Infrastructure, Cloud computing and Data center relocation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Auditor farmers insurance - Los Angeles, CA May 2016 to Present Farmers Insurance Internal Compliance Governance group to perform SOX and MAR (Model Audit Rule) audits for insurance exchanges, shared services and management companies. Responsible for IT compliance audits including SAP, supply chain management, access controls, change management, automated controls, end user computing controls and SSAE16 reviews. Operating systems included Windows, RACF and UNIX.    SOX IT Analyst RGP - Los Angeles, CA May 2014 to March 2015 Responsibilities  Contracted SOX analyst to Union Bank. Managed, tested, and remediated implementation of bank-wide Transfer Pricing application to handle high volume revenue and cost allocations between merged bank entities. In addition, performed SOX 404 application development and go-live testing for General Ledger, Fixed asset, Travel/expense and Procurement systems using OpenPages. Senior IT Project Manager NORTHROP GRUMMAN - El Segundo, CA IT Auditor NORTHROP GRUMMAN IT / SOX Project Manager NORTHROP GRUMMAN Education MBA in Finance Graduate School of Business, San Francisco State University BA in Finance Hass School of Business, UC Berkeley - Berkeley, CA