Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager - NTT Data Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager NTT Data June 2015 to Present End to End Project Manager for program initiatives to include defining system requirements, develop and execute QA Test Plans and work with Finance and Supply Chain Operations to execute WBS  Engage with Technology and Business and Stakeholders to identify reporting needs that will be used for AMLPart 30.  Routine status calls with LOB's and Project Sponsors to communicate any project risks, Project Plan Milestones and Change Requests needing to be brought through intake process.  Strong analytical skills to understand client approach, needs, pain points and process the client has in place or wants to put in place.  Lead data pull from outside source systems to internal data repositoires. Work with technology and testing teams to ensure proper data quality checks are in place before sending downstream for any reporting needs.  Spearheaded deployments for LIQ pertaining to system integrations and enhancements.  Deployment of FLOOD Remediation projects for OCC reporting and compliance. Sr. IT Project Manager Ally Bank March 2013 to 2015 AML/Fraud/On-Line Banking/Capital Markets (CF)  Responsible and accountable for initiating, developing, executing, monitoring, controlling, delivering and closing projects within budget, scope, and schedule.  Develop project contracts, planning documents, objectives, strategy, scope, requirements, use/test cases, while specifying goals, identifying and tracking risk strategies, deliverables, and training needs for all projects.  Work with key stakeholders in creating project charters for the successful attainment of all project goals  Create request for proposal (RFP) and statement of work (SOW) for the solicitation of vendor support in infrastructure development and implementation  Leverage exceptional communication skills in coordinating changes of the project scope with stakeholders, vendors, and partners  Prepare a work breakdown structure (WBS) to systematize grouping of all assigned tasks  Display proficiency in utilizing project software to oversee project execution and identification of critical path and project vulnerability Education West Liberty State College January 1998 Madonna Catholic High School 1992 Additional Information EXCEL, Access, Power Point Microsoft, Microsoft Project, Visio, Chimes, Taleo, Brio, Bullhorn, Clarity, PFMA, ERP, BI, .NET,