Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - IT WORKS Laurel, MD IT Project Manager with 3+ years of experience supporting Federal Government clients and leading cross-functional teams for software development. Emphasis in meeting critical deliverables, streamlining processes, and implementing requirements. Expertise providing direction and recommendations that contribute to strategic decision-making as well as serving as the primary point of contact across stakeholders groups. Collaborative leader who is organized and proactive. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager IT WORKS September 2017 to Present IT WORKS is a small company that contracts primarily with the transportation sector with a focus on project management and technology solutions. I manage a $5 Million project for the development and ongoing support of an FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) financial tracking system.  • Obtained a team annual performance rating of "outstanding" from the President of the company.  • Initiated a quality review process, wrote documentation, and led effort to automate testing for the project, which was chosen by the IT WORKS President to represent the company during their CMMI (Capability Maturity Model Integration) certification audit.  • Oversee a team of developers and software engineers to support software releases deployments, testing, and quality assurance to ensure optimal progress and product stability for an operational application.  • Direct complex problem-solving efforts with team members to minimize risk and potential obstacles, including assessing system impact, creating proactive mitigation strategies, and generating practical solutions.  • Make vital decisions and drive decision-making across all project activities to meet deadlines using cost-effective strategies and company best practices.  • Serve as the primary point of communication across 3 stakeholder groups to maximize business value of the product, manage customer expectations, and gather requirements.  • Lead daily scrum meetings, produce cost estimates, monitor workflows, develop status reports, adjust schedules and milestones as needed, and measure project/team performance.  • Member of the ISO Steering Committee to adhere to required ISO certification standards for organizations, assess company risks, approve corporate documents, and enact policy changes and process improvements. IT Project Manager Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies 2015 to 2017 SGT is a private company with a focus on engineering, IT solutions, and mission operations for the U.S. government. I was hired to lead a NASA technology initiative to create a managed cloud system to ease infusion of funded research.  Project Management  • Led a team of 7 engineers, developers, and cybersecurity experts to build and implement an agency-compliant NASA AWS cloud product for use by funded researchers. The cloud system was the first in Goddard and one of the first in NASA to obtain authorization from the agency to operate due to accelerated mission infusion.  • Streamlined and initiated improvements to the user setup process to expedite the average time from 37 to 20 days.  • Recommended new system features to stakeholders and directed their implementation, which increased product demand and tripled the user base.  • Oversaw all project activities, including prioritizing stakeholder objectives, tracking milestones, allocating resources, delegating tasks, monitoring schedules, and running team meetings.  • Served as the primary contact for all stakeholder, customer, and product owner communication by producing frequent status and usage reports for senior management review.  Communications and Technical Writing  • Successfully gave 5 presentations to NASA Goddard Senior Executives to drive system adoption, scale implementation agency-wide, demonstrate operations, and migrate the system to an operational owner.  ? Successful outcome: NASA's Executive for Cloud Computing asked for additional SGT support on the contract, which contributed to the growth of SGT's NASA customer base.  • Translated complex technical source materials and input from subject matter experts into clear language in order to document a variety of information, ranging from high-level procedural plans to software configuration, operational policies, and system requirements.  Cybersecurity  • Led the effort to achieve an Authorization to Operate (ATO) from NASA, the first system in Goddard to do so.  • Mitigated system risk through careful analysis of technical data as well as the creation of a System Security Plan, Risk Assessment, and Contingency Plan in accordance with NIST FISMA standards and security audits.  • Worked with subject matter experts to dynamically solve issues, identify secure ways to accomplish organizational objectives, and facilitate change management.  • Helped design cloud architecture to be secure and compliant while encouraging system scalability and flexibility. Paralegal Chimicles & Tikellis LLP July 2014 to July 2015 Chimicles & Tikellis is a private law firm specializing in class action law suits. I conducted advanced technical analysis of defective consumer products.  • Evaluated and analyzed proposals from competing claims administrators for settlement distribution, and provided a recommendation for selection.  • Wrote memoranda on technical issues to ascertain causes behind product defects and provided research to help evaluate potential cases. Education Project Management for Software Development Learning Tree 2017 Certificate in Paralegal Montgomery College 2014 B.A. in English and Criminology University of Maryland 2014 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2 years), HTML (Less than 1 year), IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), LIFE CYCLE (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cookshelby Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master December 2017 to December 2019 Additional Information SKILLS    IT Project Management & Lifecycle    • Software Delivery Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Agile/Scrum and Waterfall  • Software Development  • Risk Management and Mitigation  • Resource Scheduling  • Cybersecurity  • Cost Monitoring  • Requirement Analysis  • Cross-Functional Leadership  • Systems Engineering  Documentation    • Project and System Documentation  • Technical Reporting  • Status Reports  • Template Creation  • Work Breakdown Structures    Technical    • JIRA/Confluence  • Cloud Computing  • Microsoft Office  • Microsoft Sharepoint  • Microsoft Visio  • HTML