IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Icertis, Inc San Jose, CA • Experienced professional with expertise in executing strategic initiatives from the point of ideation to implementation.  • Highly motivated team player with effective communication and cross-functional team collaboration.  • Excellent analytical, problem solving, risk management and time management skills.  • Extensive experience working in AGILE and SCRUM development and Sprint Planning. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Icertis, Inc - San Jose, CA June 2017 to Present • Conducting preliminary plans to determine the objectives, scope, constraints, risks, and deliverables of the project.  • Managing the Customer Success team members in providing status updates before weekly customer meetings.  • Working closely with the Developers and Engineering Teams in the process of review and modification of the product.  • Articulating detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  • Updating Project Charter with action items and deadlines and maintained through MS Sharepoint.  Environment: FreshDesk, Sharepoint, MS Powerpoint, MS- Project, MS-Visio, Salesforce, MS- Excel, MS- Outlook, JIRA Jr. Project Manager IntellectSpace Corporation - San Jose, CA January 2017 to June 2017 • Committed to paying the highest attention to the needs of stakeholders.  • Utilized JIRA for tracking product backlog, Sprint user stories, issues, burndown, velocity, testing and releases.  • Worked with clients and stakeholders to develop project scope for business requirements documentation.  Environment: JIRA, MS-Excel, MS- Project, Project Coordination, Budget Manaagement, Agile RAD IT Project Co-ordinator Scalable System Research Laboratories - San Jose, CA March 2016 to January 2017 • Provided weekly status reports to IT Manager and Project Manager.  • Performed Cost benefit analysis during project life cycle to meet long-term & short-term project goals.  • Co-ordinated with cross-functional teams to get the work deliverables accomplished.  Environment: MS- Project, MS-Office, Quality Assurance, Adobe Files, and JIRA Business Analyst Intern Optima Global Solutions Inc - San Francisco, CA June 2015 to August 2015 • Gathered Business Requirements & wrote Business Requirement Document (BRD) by working with IT and project managers.  • Designed and developed web based application using MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, and NodeJS (MEAN) Stack.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript- AngularJS, Web Services-REST, JSON/XML, Mongo DB, GIT, Sublime Text IT Project Analyst Syntel - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2011 to December 2012 • Analyzed user requirements and software requirement specifications documents.  • Translated Business requirements to functional and technical language with Use cases and UML diagrams for developers.  Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, project scope, use cases, sequence diagrams, UML, RTM Education Master of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering San Jose State University - San Jose, CA August 2013 to December 2015 Bachelors of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Dr. D.Y Patil Mumbai University - Mumbai, Maharashtra August 2008 to May 2011 Skills VISIO (1 year), JIRA (2 years), UML (1 year), SHAREPOINT (1 year), EXCEL (1 year), SDLC, PMP, PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Tools: JIRA, UML, Bugzilla, Filezilla, TeamTrack, Selenium, SVN, GitHub  Microsoft Tools: MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Powerpoint, MS Sharepoint, MS Project, MS Visio, MS Outlook, MSTeam  Methedologies: Agile, System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Waterfall, Business and Process Modelling