Senior IT Project Manager/Consultant Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Consultant Senior IT Project Manager/Consultant Chicago, IL Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager/Consultant Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL March 2015 to August 2015 Full PM responsibilities as indicated by Northern Trust's SDLC requirements, using waterfall methodology.  • Managed multiple medium-sized IDM/IAM projects from Initiation through Design, including Program Management. Personal Leave September 2014 to February 2015 Senior IT Project Manager/Consultant Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL March 2012 to August 2014 Full PM responsibilities as indicated by Northern Trust's SDLC requirements, using waterfall methodology.  • Managed a multi-year, multi-phased, large SDLC Project: Led project from Initiation to Project Closure as BA and PM.  • IDM Rel 1.6 Web Cash Movement: development for auto-provisioning Web Cash Movement and all other web applications via Identity Management System (IDM/IAM) and Access Certification, delivering the functionality for Remove, Updates for Employees, Contractors and Clients, as well as Rehiring Terminated Employees and Contractors.  • IDM Rel 1.4 Web Arch for UAT: enablement for auto-provisioning of Web Cash Movement apps via IDM to UAT Web Arch environment.  • IDM Rel 1.3 Web Admin Alternative: UAT application auto-provisioning for Web Cash Movement via IDM, delivering initial functionality for Add Access to Production for Employees, Contractors and Clients.  • Managed many small SDLC projects:  • Manitou Patch Update: update to security system to current patch. Initiation.  • IDM Rel 1.8 Employee Transfer. Initiation to Planning. Certifications/Licenses Certified Green Belt in Six Sigma Quality/Process Improvement Present Certified in ITIL Foundations, Operations and Service Delivery, ITIL V3 Present Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) PMI PMP #1345786 July 2010 to July 2016 Advanced training in project management, DePaul University, Chicago, IL Present Extensive corporate training in project management and PMO Present Additional Information HIGHLIGHTS of QUALIFICATIONS    ? Accomplished PMP certified IT Project Manager with 20+ years of project management experience at top tier global companies.  ? IT professional with extensive background in Operations and Service Delivery, Business & Systems Development, and consulting.  ? Highly skilled in adapting interpersonal skills with existing SMEs and support teams, project teams, and C-level management.  ? Proven ability in achieving significant cost reductions, revenue growth, and efficiency improvements through the intelligent application of technology.  ? Manages multiple IT projects simultaneously while meeting scope, deadlines and budgets.  ? Strong track record of delivering application solutions (application development projects) to complex business problems in Identity Access Management (IAM), retail applications, IT infrastructure, and custom application software.  ? Strategically focuses on high level goals while managing the details.  ? Expert in leading decentralized teams of IT professionals to deliver excellence.  ? Highly self-motivated Project Manager with strong team building skills.    Project Management Expertise  • Developed and maintained productive working relationships with Stakeholders, Business Owners, Project Sponsors, Business Analysts, Solution Architects, Vendors, and Key Clients  • Gained Stakeholder trust and brokered consensus throughout project  • Acted as internal advocate for project  • Provided insight for mission/business critical  • Partnered between IT and Business to ensure internal teams are properly aligned throughout the project  • Defined project charter, scope, objectives, deliverables and established measurement for benefits realization  • Defined the project governance and provided regular status updates to steering committee in order to facilitate informed decisions  • Gathered information required to estimate project cost, resources, and schedule  • Developed and continually updated project plans and schedules  • Managed the day-to-day activities of projects and staff to ensure project deliverables are on schedule and within cost performance.  • Ensured the project deliverables meet users' requirements  • Managed costs, schedule, scope control, change management and performance for the project  • Developed a communication plan to convey project scope, goals, milestones, budget, risk, status, change requests and critical issues to the client and project team  • Determined staffing requirements and developed budget requests for resources  • Worked with Resource Managers in order to effectively align resources across projects  • Negotiated changes in project resources as necessary to achieve objects and timelines  • Created and managed resource calendars  • Recruited and managed appropriate staffing resources  • Drove all phases of IT Project Development life cycle including guiding the project team through requirements gathering, SIT and UAT planning and testing, and installation preparation and execution  • Developed process designs to support business solutions and clarify business requirements  • Approved invoices for payment  • Identified the elements of risk in the project, utilizing SMEs, BA's, System Analysts, and other project personnel  • Analyzed and prioritized project risks and assess potential impact to the client  • Developed and maintained risk plans, processes and systems in order to mitigate risks and crate an action plan when they occur  • Maintained issue lists and facilitated the resolution of issues throughout the project life cycle  • Created and managed capital requests and revisions  • Developed a detailed cost baseline from cost estimations  • Refined project cost estimates and confirmed funding sources  • Monitored and controlled the actual cost of the project versus the budget  • Conducted in-depth root cause analysis of project budget discrepancies  • Managed program release plan activities and communicated status to project team.  • Performed project close financial processes  • Adapted communication style to audience(s)  • Wrote and presented status reports, Benefits Realization, Lessons Learned, Project Implementation Review and other project closure reports for and to management and steering committee  • Implemented methodologies, processes, and tools developed by the PMO, exercising good judgment to tailor methodology to project  • Owned SDLC process and internal processes, and trained and mentored staff and other PMs  • Provided feedback regarding the continuous improvement of project standards and procedures    A driven, hands-on leader who does what it takes to get the job done.    COMPUTER SKILLS    Software: MS Office Suite, MS Outlook, MS Project, Visio Professional, SharePoint, SAP, XcelleNet, Siebel, Remedy, Planview  Operating Systems: Windows (all), UNIX  POS Systems: Retalix, Radiant, Wayne Nucleus, MSI, VeriFone, Gilbarco, Compris, SASI, NCR, IBM, ICL  Programming: XML, SQL, Visual Basic, C++, JCL, HTML