Engagement Manager, Computing & Intelligence Engagement <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Computing &amp; Intelligence Engagement Manager, Computing & Intelligence - United States Air Force Phoenix, AZ Results-oriented leader who brings a balance of technical acumen, communication skills and organized project management  experience. Strategic thinker whose focus on internal and cross-functional solutions, goal setting, planning and resource  management improves efficiency and streamlines processes while maintaining a conducive work environment. Effective  advocate for associates and coworkers. Ensures day-to-day objectives are defined clearly and proper guidance and coaching are  given for optimal production. Self-motivated and willing to take the initiative to drive organizational change. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Engagement Manager, Computing & Intelligence United States Air Force June 2016 to Present Cyber Plans and Programs) 6/2016 to Present  Responsible for leading a team of five cyber planning and operations professionals to deliver IT support and solutions for 5,200  personnel across four geographic locations and two military branches. Accountable officer responsible for delivering all  related IT projects, including funding acquisition, delivering key objectives on time, and personnel management.  Major Accomplishments:  • In partnership with an engineering team, led the migration to voice over IP (VoIP). The elimination of copper lines is  anticipated to save approximately $1.5M annually.  • Delivered regular briefings to senior officers regarding active threats and engagement plans to address them. Recently  acquired an additional $290K due to effectively communicating the threat, anticipated consequences, and sound action  plans.  • Co-leading a cross-functional team of engineers, computer programmers, and pilots to vastly improve the size and effectiveness of pilot training airspace. The new training area will make pilots' combat skills more effective by  enabling them to have unimpeded communication in mountainous terrain.  • Delivered highly complex surveys on twelve (12) U.S. military locations to ensure adherence to physical security  standards. Responsible for delivering solutions to address both physical and technical deficiencies to safeguard  personnel, technology, and physical assets. IT Project Manager Cyber Operations and Maintenance October 2015 to June 2016 Led 77 professionals with expertise in radar, radio, supply, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and data support to assist in the training of the battle management professionals. Managed and maintained assets worth $72 million and executes a budget of  $1.6 million.  • Speaks on behalf of 77 personnel at executive meetings. Speak to issues, current projects and any pertinent updates.  Discussions prime coworkers for success and allowed the execution of 3,000 missions, 97,000 syllabus hours and the graduation of 207 battle management students.  • Budget the opportunities for technicians to attend classes to refresh technical expertise and grow professionally.  Investing in the technicians  • Assembled team to overhaul remote radio site for Luke Air Force Base's air control capabilities. The rewiring of four  radios and optimizing our facility grounding resulting in increased radio clarity by 25%.  • Procured $25,000 in upgraded parts and provided technical support that enabled NATO allies the opportunity to perform  ground to air exercises.  • Created program to mitigate vulnerabilities present on $56 million dollar network that included 48 network devices. IT Project Coordinator July 2012 to October 2015 Directed management team that supported $24 million network operations and information assurance policies. Ensured  compliance with all regulations, policy and procedure as well as cyber security measures for network users.  • Audited offices, conducted site visits and inspected network devices. Identified compliance issues and carried out corrective measures that prepared the installation for the upcoming Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA)  inspection.  • Led a cross-functional project team that prepared the installation's networks and information security programs for the  DISA inspection process. Eliminated over 155,000 network vulnerabilities. Recognized for best practice in network  security methods and procedures.  • Facilitated quarterly training sessions for coworkers and briefed senior executives about cyber threats, information  security updates and risk mitigation measures. Provided coworkers and senior executives with information and created  buy-in for the projects and initiatives put in place.  • Scheduled, planned and supervised an operating system (OS) upgrade for 5,600 desktops and laptops. The upgrade  ensured healthy machines and hardened the network.  Phoenix, Arizona (941) 538-1320  www.linkedin.com/davidanthonylucas davidalucasII@gmail.com Education Master of Science in Information Technology Management Webster University 2015 Bachelor of Science in Foreign Area Studies United States Air Force Academy 2012 Links http://www.linkedin.com/davidanthonylucas Military Service Branch: USAF Service Country: United States Rank: Captain May 2012 to Present Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ January 2019