IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Universal Health Services West Chester, PA Dedicated project manager skilled in leading cross functional team projects to improve, optimize, and enhance overall company efficiency. Experienced in managing both technical and non-technical projects simultaneously while consistently maintaining project scope, budget, and schedule. Devoted leader able to use strong communication and leadership skills to motivate and engage team members to meet project goals. Proven ability to manage projects of high complexity. Skilled at analyzing and measuring project data and performance by utilizing Six Sigma and PMP training. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Universal Health Services - King of Prussia, PA May 2017 to Present • Lead cross functional teams ranging from 3 to 15 members to successfully complete company projects to improve department's overall technical (network upgrades, software and disaster recovery implementations) and non-technical efficiency.  • Conduct and manage vendor bidding for projects. Saved department $250,000 in 2017 by optimizing vendor pricing while maintaining alignment with project requirements.  • Manage department project status reviews. Responsible for ensuring department's projects are aligned and follow benchmark requirements as issued by internal project management office (PMO). Increased internal project compliance by 25%.  • Research optimization techniques and potential projects that can improve and enhance department efficiency. Present project proposals to leadership and initiate project charter if approved.  • Oversee proof of concept (POC) demonstrations during initial stages of project development. Coordinate needs and requirements from leadership to the vendor, and provide status updates on vendor's capabilities.  • Manage project change requests and issue resolution. Conduct conflict, issue, and relationship management within the project team, and escalate if necessary.  • Continuously analyze and oversee the quality of projects by using Six Sigma evaluation techniques. Project Manager Cerner Corporation - Malvern, PA February 2015 to August 2016 • Organized and tracked implementation/upgrade projects using Microsoft Project. Reported project progress to company managers and C-Level representatives on weekly basis through all stages of project delivery.  • Managed successful server upgrades to internal data center environments (SaaS), and client hosted environments, providing the client with enhanced server functionality for Business Intelligence software.  • Communicated via phone, email, and in-person with both internal and client resources to ensure upgrades were organized, timely, and completed to client expectations as stated in Statement of Work (SOW).  • Managed 60 client upgrades over an 18 month period while maintaining exemplary customer satisfaction through meeting client customizations and maximizing organizational revenue.  • Led internal data tracking groups through Six Sigma expertise that was responsible for narrowing overall upgrade window by 20%, therefore increasing project revenue and enhancing allocation of company resources. Implementation Consultant Siemens Healthcare - Malvern, PA January 2014 to February 2015 Served on more than 100 professional service requests that ranged from SaaS (software as a service) installations, migrations, upgrades, and trainings, all while maintaining SDLC (systems development life cycle) best practices. Education Bachelor of Science in Health Science and Policy The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA December 2013 Skills PMP, SDLC, PM, Waterfall Certifications/Licenses PMP April 2018 to April 2021 Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Present ITIL v3 Present