Technical Program Manager II Technical Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> II Johns Island, SC Versatile & Fast Paced IT Project & Program Manager with Business & System Analyst experience.     Double major in MIS and in Management Operations from Washington State University, with 5 years of work experience in the IT industry. Dedicated to delivering projects & initiatives on time, on budget, and aligned to expectations.     Project Management Professional (PMP) and Certified Scrum Master (CSM), with a professional certificate in business analysis from George Washington University.    Specialties: Workflow & Process Improvements, Budget Administration, Project Financial & Resource Reporting, System Implementations, Release Coordination, Work Intake, Cross-Functional Leadership, Managing virtual and co-located teams Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Program Manager II Sprint - Charleston, SC December 2013 to Present Responsibilities  ? Currently serving as a program manager for a $30 million, two year contract with a global vendor. Responsibilities include budget management, forecasting for all projects with impact from this vendor, reporting to executives, creating purchase requisitions, and defining vendor management processes.   ? Currently managing several smaller vendor contracts  ? Currently managing 1-2 medium/high complexity software development projects at a time in addition to program management responsibilities.   ? Responsible for departmental monthly forecasts, accruals, and executive reports.     Accomplishments  ? Identified and recaptured $4.2 million dollars in dollars owed to Sprint by a vendor which was unknown and overlooked in the years prior. This money was paid back to Sprint in the form of a credit for future work by the vendor.  ? Managed contract negotiations between Sprint and a global vendor to negotiate a 10% rate decrease and increased visibility into spend. Successfully implemented a new contract on time despite many roadblocks.    Skills Used  Project Management, Program Management, Finance, reporting, powerpoint presentations to C level leadership on a bi-weekly basis IT Project Manager CLEAR Wireless (acquired by Sprint in Dec '13) - Seattle, WA December 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities  ? Served in a leadership role to identify, manage, and assist with transition activities associated with the acquisition of Clearwire by Sprint.  ? Designed and lead the intake and prioritization process of incoming work requests from the Retail, Marketing, Customer CARE, and sales teams my department supported.   ? Maintained a portfolio level view of in-flight and upcoming projects, by identifying and assessing risk, developing longer term roadmaps, scheduling and managing scope of monthly releases.  ? Designed & Implemented a Release Manager rotational role to coordinate monthly releases.  ? Built and maintained close relationships with channel and product marketing, national and market sales, customer care, and other internal functional areas to ensure that business priorities are met and that efficient processes are being followed.  ? Communicated status of efforts to management and business partners on a regular basis, ensuring that all stakeholders have accurate and current information throughout the process.  ? Lead a cross-functional team to define & implement 3 new applications to support a new B2B product offering.   ? Facilitated discussions between business partners and development teams to ensure that proposed technical solutions adequately meet the business need.  ? Worked with internal business partners and internal IT teams to understand and document requirements for application enhancements.     Accomplishments  ? Designed & Implemented a Release Manager rotational role to coordinate monthly releases.  ? Served in a leadership role to identify, manage, and assist with transition activities associated with the acquisition of Clearwire by Sprint.  ? Designed and lead the intake and prioritization process of incoming work requests from the Retail, Marketing, Customer CARE, and sales teams my department supported.     Skills Used  Project Management, mergers and acquisitions, people management and motivation, project reporting IT Project Coordinator Liberty Mutual - Seattle, WA May 2011 to November 2012 Responsibilities  ? Lead three fixed portfolio teams through large project, enhancement, and maintenance work with minimal supervision.   ? Responsible for obtaining funding & monitoring budgets totaling over $1.5 million   ? Managed two portfolio fixed teams, allocating to projects and ensuring an even work load between 10-20 projects for resources.  ? Assisted with reporting, planning, and budget tracking for large enterprise-wide projects lead by Sr. Project Managers.  ? Implemented IBM’s Rational Team Concert tool to three development teams.  ? Prior to moving into the PMO, served as a System Analyst to gather & document requirements for several new applications in the Liberty Mutual Surety space.   ? Initiated and then lead a corporate-wide IT project from idea to implementation to improve company efficiency.    Accomplishments  ? Received an award from the senior director in September of 2012 for demonstrating a fast paced learning curve, and initiating process improvements quickly & effectively.  ? Received an award from the senior director in January 2012 for going above and beyond analyzing key issues in business reporting on my project.  ? Initiated and then lead a corporate-wide IT project from idea to implementation to improve company efficiency.    Skills Used  Systems analysis, project management, requirements gathering, coordination, agile, waterfall, excel reporting, training employees on new software Education Masters in Business Administration (MBA) University of South Carolina-Columbia - Columbia, SC 2015 to 2017 Bachelors in Management Information Systems (MIS), and Management Operations (double major), minor in HR Washington State University - Pullman, WA 2007 to 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (8 years), Microsoft Excel (8 years), Rational Team Concert (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2019 Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) August 2014 Professional Certificate in Business Analysis - George Washington University