IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Highly Experienced Program / Project Manager Groton, CT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Clarity Software Solutions - Madison, CT August 2014 to Present • Accountable for planning and delivering multiple large-scale, technology project as well as external delivery partners through all phases of the PDLC.  • Responsible for fostering relationships with internal partners; monitors delivery commitments; and, negotiates and optimizes value from external vendors.  • Define and track project milestones while developing, maintaining, and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan that includes resource plans, contingency plans, and other project artifacts.  • Negotiates and manages scope to ensure commitments are achieved within agreed upon time, cost, and quality scope.  • Presents to Executive Steering Committee status of projects; Provides comparative KPI reports.  • Builds an environment of trust, collaboration, and openness among peers, leaders and other team members.  • Oversees change control process, proposes recommendations and adjustments to project delivery and related solutions throughout the life of the initiative.  • Communicates clearly with all levels of stakeholders to ensure deliverables met. Identifies and mitigates risk; captures and reports on Lessons Learned.    Accomplishments  • Successfully applied newly defined Project Management Methodology across five programs totaling forty-five projects.  • Implemented Project Portfolio Management System (PPMS) that enabled improved decision making, minimized risks and maximized resource usage.   • Improved the consistency, predictability and efficiency of project management through the creation of a Risk Management and Change Control processes and guidelines.    Skills Used  Leadership, Communication, Presentation, Project Management IT Program Manager, Contract State Street Bank and Trust - Boston, MA May 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities  Senior leadership role with responsibility for overseeing software development Project Portfolio across multiple disciplines within a Financial Services organization. Partnered with Information Technology and Business Leadership to identify, prioritize and plan projects and programs that aligned with company strategic direction. Governance Board member that defined strategic directions, corporate policies and procedures of IT applications and systems. Planned, managed and delivered IT projects on-time and within budget. Provided program status reports, forecast and predictability analyses, performance metrics, financial spend, cost/benefit comparisons.   • Managed $22 Mil project portfolio budget, controlled costs and reported on performance.  • Established, lead and facilitated Project Change Control Board to review, approve and/or provide recommendations for change in project scope, budget and/or schedule.   • Established budget and schedule forecasting and trending program to track progress, mitigate potential adverse impacts and continuous performance improvement. IT Project Manager, Contract Millennium Pharmaceuticals - Boston, MA August 2012 to October 2013 Responsibilities  Senior IT Program Manager in Life Sciences company with responsibility for overseeing global SharePoint technology program within an FDA regulated environment. Developed and controlled project scope, budget and schedule and ensured that solutions were delivered on time and within budget. Determined capacity needs, identified resource skills and assigned responsibilities to individuals including external vendors. Addressed complex questions, resolved issues and effectively built positive relationships across all levels of the organization.  • Implemented, project management policies and procedures for streamlining operations, reducing costs and increasing stakeholder satisfaction.  • Defined and implemented IT Project Risk Management program for proactively identifying, mitigating and monitoring risks as well as implementing contingency plans. Sr. Business Project Manager, Contract Cigna Healthcare - Bloomfield, CT October 2011 to August 2012 Responsibilities  Simultaneously led and managed multiple Business Impact Assessment Projects and Feasibility Studies which entailed researching and determining needs, costs, risks, benefits and verification of alignment with short and long-term corporate goals. Provided recommendations to approve, disapprove or defer project. Conducted presentations to executive governing boards for attaining project approvals.  • Defined, implemented and automated Business Impact Assessment team standards and procedures.  • Designed and integrated, cross-functional Risk Assessment process, protocols and standards into Business Impact Analyst and Project Management teams. Education Masters of Science in Management Southern Connecticut State University - New Haven, CT 1991 to 1994 Bachelor's of Science in Accounting Eastern Connecticut State University - Willimantic, CT 1986 to 1990 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2018 Additional Information Regulations: SEC, PCI, cGMP, cGXP, cGLP, Six Sigma, ISO and FDA 21 CFR Part 11     Technologies: RSA, Java, Oracle, SQL Server, ASP.Net, .Net, ASP, XML, SOAP, SQL Server, Oracle, SharePoint, CoSign, AdLib, Nintex, MS Project Server