IT Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator IT Systems Administrator - Cint USA - NJ New York, NY Technology-focused, analytical and performance-driven, IT Systems Administration Professional with transferable systems administration, network security experience with specialization in Linux systems administration & management. Exhibit a track record of facilitating continuous process improvements while liaising with diverse teams to achieve targets & exceed expectations. Possess expertise in deploying new systems from planning-to-execution across all sites and ensuring technical functionality in alignment with business needs. Work Experience IT Systems Administrator Cint USA - NJ - New York, NY 2016 to Present Perform an integral IT systems management role while spearheading routine IT operations and monitoring several large-scale projects and initiatives simultaneously for multiple locations in the US region. Showcase effective communication skills in building and maintaining vendor relationships. Regularly conduct site visits and oversee installation, configuration, and maintenance of network resources while developing cost analysis reports and resourcefully utilizing budget allowances.  ? Deploy, Maintain IT/ Network infrastructure for offices in 6 US cities (NJ, NY, LA, SF, Chicago, Atlanta)  ? Provide remote network/ remote desktop support for about 200 internal users spread across 15 offices in 10 countries  ? Deploy Windows/ Linux servers for internal use  ? Utilize AD, DS, DNS, DHCP, WSUS and other Windows 2012, 2016 features  ? Deploy, configure Cisco network routers, switches and firewalls  ? Test internal software and identify bugs and work with the developers in solving those issues  ? Monitor network assets 24/7 along with the systems administrations team and proactively identify and solve issues.  ? Maintain and work with internal SOS system (upkeeper) to deploy/ update workstations  ? Deploy/ maintain MDM solutions for the network  ? Work with existing ESXi, IOS setups to solve network issues  ? Utilize comprehensive knowledge of multiple Linux systems and distributions  ? Monitor various systems using New relic, Opsview  ? Maintain and support Microsoft exchange and other cloud services used internally  ? Train & mentor new hires in the team  ? Prepare budget for US region and administer data-driven and fact-based recommendations for operational and technical improvements  ? provide in-depth reports & presentations to Senior Management and the Vice President to support organizations decision-making  ? Project management through Pivotal tracker and handle support requests through Zendesk  ? Vendor communications    Professional Work History Continued Project Manager Cint USA - NJ - Princeton, NJ 2014 to 2016 Execute a multi-faceted role within an all-encompassing client project management position, collaborating with senior management and clients to gather detailed specifications of each project while developing comprehensive project plans in alignment with client requirements and overall business strategy. Delegated approved tasks to staff members based on strengths, skills & experience while communicating project constraints to customers by following industry best practices.  ? Engage in face to face meetings with the corporate clients such as Ipsos, Toluna group, Nelson research, on behalf of the company  ? Understand client requirements, make recommendations and work with them on using internal software platform  ? Train new hires on internal software platform/ tools  ? Responsible for large-scale client initiatives while managing multiple MR projects and ensuring projects delivery within strict deadlines, under budgets, and in alignment with requirements  ? Attained increased responsibilities based on performance excellence; supported an internal platform; facilitated in-depth training for new hires regarding systems & technology, and exceeding user experience and revenue objectives  ? Enhanced customer satisfaction by consistently delivering improved services  ? Successfully handled multi-tasking responsibilities and utilized advanced analytical abilities to resolve issues and problems in a timely, accurate, and efficient manner Education Certification in MCSA Career Institute - New York, NY 2018 Cerfication in Linux+ Career Institute - New York, NY Certification in Security+ Career Institute - New York, NY Certification in Network+ Career Institute - New York, NY Certification in CASP Career Institute - New York, NY Skills Linux (1 year), Vmware (2 years), CCNA (2 years), Network Security (1 year), Network Administration, System Administration (3 years), Microsoft 2012, 2016 servers (3 years), Security+ (1 year), Ethical Hacking (1 year), System Administrator, Active Directory, Linux Administrator, System Admin Links http://www.LinkedIn.com/in/sams14 Groups Association for IT professionals (AITP) September 2018 to Present Volunteer Firefighter June 2017 Evesham fire-rescue  East Windsor Fire Department