Sr IT Project Manager Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Buffalo Grove, IL Seeking PM roles in Pharmaceutical, Pharmacy, Health Care and Retail industries in IT Application Development, Delivery Management, IT Project Management in the ecommerce, System Re-platform, and IT consulting services space where my experience will be of value to growth oriented organizations    Senior Project Manager    * A dynamic professional with over 17 years of overall experience in Program Management, Delivery Management, IT Consultancy, System Analysis, Software Development and Team Management  * Effective leader with the ability to coordinate cross-functional teams to accomplish objectives in a fast-paced, high-growth, diverse multi-vendor, multi geography environment  * Expert problem-solver with strength in building and aligning high-performance teams  * Expert communicator, with strength in synthesizing and summarizing information for senior management presentation.  * Known for identifying critical opportunities and deconstructing vision into simple yet effective customer-centric plans.  * Extremely driven and highly regarded for broad range of knowledge and experience.  * Led multimillion dollar software development projects through its complete lifecycle  * Requirement analysis to system study, designing, coding, testing, de-bugging, documentation and implementation.  * Well versed with Agile, RUP, Waterfall methodologies in SDLC  * Possesses excellent interpersonal, communication and analytical skills with demonstrated abilities in customer relationship management.  * Possesses domain expertise in Manufacturing, Life Sciences & Health Care, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities in areas of Power Generation (3.5 years), Supply Chain Management, Contracts Management, Master Data Management, Order Management, Materials Management and Television Rights Management    Managed Projects for    * CVS Health  * FTD Inc.  * Walgreens  * Platts (A McGraw Hill Company)  * J&J (Johnson and Johnson)  * The Boeing Company  * Avery Dennison  * Twentieth Television (Division of Twentieth Century Fox)  * Nuclear Power Supply Company Ltd. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Sr IT Project Manager CVS Health March 2016 to May 2017 Description:  The project allows physicians to leverage the Electronic Prior Authorization (ePA) channel in lieu of calling or faxing in requests. It allows CVS Health the ability to automate the workflow required to process PA requests. The Center for Medicare/Medicaid Services (CMS) guidelines required CVS to leverage PA procedures. This project was initiated to close compliance gaps identified in the previous releases.  The project had a target of cost savings of over $3miilion over a 5 year period CVS Caremark June 2015 to February 2016 Description:  The drug questions CVS Health uses are formulated with the vendor and focusses on patient safety. The refill of prescriptions almost always require a call-back by the Pharmacy Service Rep as the questions presented during the refill process are general in nature covering only 16% drugs over 9 therapies. This project seeks to enhance the overall customer experience by increasing the number of questions presented during the refill process, increase the number of drugs available for the refill process and reduce the call back by the PSR. CVS Specialty February 2015 to May 2015 Description:  The content on the CVS Specialty website is primarily hard coded. Changes to the URL requires an IT project which is expensive and time consuming. This project would enable the webpages to be content managed and would allow the business to edit content and modify elements of the design/layout. It would also allow the team to conduct test and make real time changes base on results, maximize SEO results and refresh outdated content in an ever changing medical environment Sr IT Project Manager CVS Caremark September 2014 to January 2015 is undertaking a project to enhance its portal for a new customer intake Clearstone Solutions. This requires enhancements for their members of ClearStone who utilize Caremark.com related to Preferred Pharmacy display based on their narrow network election.    Key Responsibilities  • Create Project Charter  • Manage the Capitalizing Metrics for the individual projects  • Lead the Development team of through the entire SDLC  • Drive projects through the planning, development, testing and release phases of the project lifecycle    Environment: CA Clarity, HP Quality Center, MS Project 2007, SharePoint 2007 Sr IT Project Manager CVS Caremark September 2014 to September 2014 Projects: Secure Messaging Campaign Manager 3.0 Project May 2017 - Continuing    Description:  This project continues to extend and enhance the secure messaging platform with the goals of automating clinical and operational campaign to communicate with patients who opt-in to digital communications. Based on a subset of data extracted from the backend systems in CVS Health, the project would auto trigger secure and non-secure messages when a patient meets certain criteria. Campaigns will be automatically triggered using 'if this then that' type logic in the Digital experience platform (CVS Health platform) used to send text messages using the backend data.  The project will provide savings in excess of a million dollars in operational efficiency and on the clinical side provide a platform of generating revenue in excess of $700 million Sr. ecommerce IT Project Manager FTD June 2013 to August 2014 Projects: Various (Enhancements to Apollo Order Management System, FTD.Com website - Order to Cash Cycle);    Description: .Com, Apollo  FTD has a custom J2EE platform for its end to end ecommerce business. The FTD.com website represents the order capture site and Apollo being the order management system. The products go through a quarterly release cycle for all approved enhancements. Education MS in Information Technology Griffith University Australia - Gold Coast February 1999 to July 2000 MBA in (MIS) Griffith University Australia - Gold Coast August 1997 to January 1999 Bachelors of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering Jiwaji University - Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh June 1988 to June 1992 Skills MS Project (10+ years), Clarity ALM (5 years), Websphere Commerce Server (5 years), ecommerce (5 years), J2EE (9 years), Waterfall (10+ years), Scrum Master (2 years), SDLC (10+ years), PM (10+ years), Project Management, CSM, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses CSM September 2018 to September 2020 Certified Scrum Master (Scrum Alliance). Cert ID 000828831 Additional Information IT SKILLS  Project Management Tools: MS Project, HP QC 7, HP-PPM, Microsoft SharePoint    Ecommerce Platform: WebSphere Commerce Server (WCS 6, 7)  Master Data Management: WebSphere Product Center (WPC), WebSphere Customer Center (WCC)  Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, Java, J2EE  RDBMS: Oracle 8/8i/9i/10g/11g, PL/SQL, Oracle Designer 9i  ERP Systems: Oracle eBS R12, MFG/PRO, Sterling Commerce (SC)  Productivity Tools: MS Project, MS Visio, MS Office, Microsoft SharePoint  Configuration Management: MS VSS, CVS, Subversion  Operating Systems: Windows family (7/2003/XP/2000/NT), Linux (RedHat, SuSe)