IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Technology Professional Manassas, VA Information Technology professional with over 3 years of comprehensive understanding of all avenues regarding the system development life cycle and a track record of success working in a Fortune 50 Firm. A passionate individual with the self-motivation and eagerness to dive into core technical fields involving Cyber Security and Quality Assurance. I guarantee the highest level of innovative work ethic and team collaboration using the skills I've gained over the course of my career:  * Quality Assurance  * Enterprise Resource Planning  * Agile Methodology and Waterfall Process  * Security Work Experience IT Project Manager Verizon Enterprise Solutions - Ashburn, VA June 2014 to Present 20147  • Agile Team Facilitator completing seven agile projects in the company's first year implementing the agile mindset and stepping away from a traditional waterfall approach in the SDLC.  • Supporting 20 different IT development and testing managers in distinct work-streams to understand the fundamentals of over 70 different billing applications across the Jain Organization.  • Release Readiness Lead for the package and close process in the entire billing organization ensuring development and test Managers commit to the designated release for a project.  • Board of Committees member for the Verizon Start Up Venture Program: an initiative with the goal of giving entrepreneurs within Verizon the leverage they need to make their ideas come to life. SCADA Intern Washington Gas and Light Company Springfield - Springfield, VA June 2012 to August 2012 22151  • Created design document job aids based on the undertakings of the new alarm system implemented August 1st, 2012  • Successfully completed quality assurance testing of the new implemented alarm system by analyzing work flows and running test scripts, thus resulting in no errors to the security of Washing Gas and Light Co.  • Performed field work on the gas lines to understand the Union business process/functions Washington Gas Co.  • Supported efforts in Radio Shop sector, serving as the middleman between the union field workers and those working in the office by mounting communication devices to company vehicles and drafting a procedure on how this process is performed  • Shadowed SCADA team to gain comprehensive insight into the interworking of the department  Activities and Achievements: Education B.S. in Business Information Technology Area/Industry Expertise - Black, AL 2010 to 2014 Skills Quality Assurance (Less than 1 year), Security (Less than 1 year), Information Technology (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ali-buhisi-6559497b Awards Verizon President’s Trending Staff 2016-02 By amending one of Verizon’s critical invoices, IBRS, we reduced customer care call volumes by 42K calls a year, resulting in $175K cost savings. Verizon VP Recognition 2016-04 When the Verizon Union went on strike in 2016, I was recognized by Vice President John Stratton as one of the fastest management employees to grasp the knowledge of union work completing 30 customer issues in the first two weeks of strike duty. Additional Information * Operating Systems: Windows Platform, Linux, and Leopard OS  * Supply Chain Management  * Selenium IDE  * ERP, Risk Solver Platform  * Java, Visual Basic, Microsoft Office, HTML, VBA.NET