Lead Consultant Lead Consultant Lead Consultant - Citizens Bank Financial Group Riverside, RI • Highly accomplished IT Professional with more than 10 years of experience in the fields of Project Management, Service Delivery Management, Infrastructure Management, Data Center Administration and Migration, Business Analysis, System Administration and Enterprise Monitoring Tools. Extensive and strong experience in both Waterfall and Agile/SCRUM project management techniques. Specific expertise includes:  • Project Planning, Project Implementation, Quality Assurance, Cost and Budget Management, Resource Management, Risk Management and Service Delivery Management.  • Proven and extensive experience in Data Center administration, DC Migration, infrastructure implementation projects and experience in Project Management tools like Atlassian JIRA, MS Project, MS Visio and in BA tools.  • Keen interest and exposure in Requirements Development, Process Improvement, Client Relations and Proposal (RFP) development.  • Good experience in SDLC, Systems Analysis, Best Practice based methodologies, Scope Control, Vendor Management, Procurement Management and Stakeholder Management.  • Experience in System and Server administration (Windows 2008, Linux), implementation projects, BCP/DR and DataCenter technologies like VMWare, NetApp, Tape Library, Site Recovery Manager (SRM), EMC SRDF, TSM. etc.  • Good exposure to Infrastructure, Datacenter administration and knowledge of Six Sigma methodologies.  • Have exposure to change management, quality management tools like HPSD, Service Now, CA Unicenter, HP ALM Quality Center 11.0, etc.  • Have worked for Retail, Banking, Insurance and Healthcare clients.  • Excellent Team building, multi-tasking skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Consultant Citizens Bank Financial Group April 2014 to Present Description:  As a Project Manager, I am currently responsible for managing two teams - the first team is the Data Center Migration and Consolidation team that consists of two Consultants (Technical Leads), two Technology Analysts and two C2C Contractors who are part of the client's Enterprise DC Migration team. The second team is the Wintel and Enterprise Monitoring and Reporting (EMR) team consisting of two Senior Consultants ( Project Leads), four Technology Analysts, one C2C Contractor, one Independent Contractor (1099) and two Technical Trainees that form the Wintel and EMR team. My detailed responsibilities are as follows:    Responsibilities:  • My Roles and Responsibilities in the Wintel and Enterprise Monitoring team:  • Managing resources to meet daily timely deliverable schedules and responsible for business-as-usual (BAU) IT operations and deliverables and managing day-to-day operations.  • Taking part in technical/architectural design discussions and identifying deliverable opportunities for the clients and recommend service offerings to Infosys senior management as well as to the client and ensuring due diligence.  • Participate in Severity-1 Incident calls, Outage calls, post-incident reviews, leading problem resolution efforts, Problem Management calls and meetings and Change Management meetings. Trying to identify and always encourage team members to identify Root Cause and vouch for permanent resolution, rather than temporary fixes.  • Ensuring SLA is met for the Business Unit, managing the Profit and Loss reports, Revenue and Resource forecasting (using Infosys PRF portal), identifying opportunities for value adds,  • Managing forecasting, staffing, Operational Service Reviews, reporting, quality measurement, floor operations, training, scope and quality for the deliverables and the resources.  • Guiding the Technical Leads and Project Leads on team engagement and act as escalation point and support liaison for team and customer related issues. Addressing all customer escalation and formulating a resolution or a mutually agreeable solution.  • Assigning, establishing and supervising work tasks, approving overtime, determining work priorities and assigning hours of work.  • Ensuring that all tasks, work and Ad-hoc activities are accounted for in the Infosys and client Resource Management systems.  • Managing staff induction, training, performance reviews and responsible for the technical and professional development of team members. Planning Job rotation for team members and recruiting shadow resource (buffer resource) on a need basis.  • Building strong, lasting client relationships with clients and conducting key client facing meetings and serve as Single Point of Contact for deliverables.  • Communicating complex technical concepts to clients, developing and managing delivery plans for approved work efforts, writing up service delivery reports and researching opportunities for Continuous Service Improvement.  • Attending the weekly meeting for Delivery Managers and Quarterly Account review with Account Head.  • Discussing and negotiating with various vendors for resources for T&M billing and managing/approving the internal requests (budget-related, travel-related and system-related requests) of the Leads reporting to me.  • Conducting Performance Review for team members, creating PIP (Performance Improvement Plan), nominating CDP (Competency Development Programs) and training for team members to enhance their technical/process skills.  • My Roles and Responsibilities in the DataCenter Migration/Consolidation team:  • I am currently responsible for orchestrating the relocation of 32 business critical applications from the Medford (MA) Data Center to Kings Mountain (NC) in a challenging time frame of 14 months. I am responsible for managing the Wintel and Enterprise Monitoring technological part of the migration.  • Creating and executing project plan and revisions, defining and sequencing tasks and activities for the Wintel part as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements of the migration.  • Identify complex application components, its interdependencies and application interaction with the various stakeholders and Prepare presentations, engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures on move strategy and progress to wide range of stakeholders.  • Assisting in planning the downtime for the 3000+ Wintel servers and gauging the business impact and in performing server and application dependency analysis.  • Work in liaison with the Application, Hardware, Storage, Network, Database, Helpdesk and DR/BCP teams in planning the migration, downtime, testing, etc for the various servers.  • Constantly managing the scope, schedule and progress of the migration phase and scheduling and allocating resources for the various phase and tasks depending on the complexity and severity of the migration task.  • Negotiating with clients regarding billing for over-time or off-hour (weekend) utilization of contractors and persuading and encouraging the resources to get the job done (whenever needed)  • Negotiate and implement cross departmental initiatives and documenting and implementing maintenance and support documentation.  • Performing infrastructure discovery/assessments and preparing Discovery and Assessment documents. Documenting all project and deliverables completion, progress, issues, risks, etc.  • Tracking and reporting the team hours and expenses on a weekly basis and holding regular status meeting with project team and communicating the project information and status.  • Using the Infosys Resource Tracking Portal (RTP) in tracking the utilization and billing for the various Infosys resources as well as C2C and independent contractors.  • Conducting Performance Review for team members, nominating team members for training to enhance their technical/process skills. Project Manager / IT Analyst Target Corporation April 2011 to March 2014 Description:  As a Project Manager, I was responsible for managing the team that supported the monitoring tools (Adobe Omniture Site Catalyst, Compuware suite of APM tools and IBM Tealeaf) . Prior to this, I took part in and coordinated the implementation of these tools for the client by closely working with the vendor and various stakeholders.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with the client core infrastructure team, business team, finance team and other stakeholders in detailing the scope, time, deliverables, resource and work plan needed for the projects during initiation and planning phases.  • Was part of WBS (Work Breakdown Structure) discussion to estimate effort and resource required for each task, sub- projects and work packages. Taking part in Return on Investment (ROI) and Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA) discussions and calculations.  • Running daily SCRUM meetings and SCRUM of SCRUMS, facilitating Sprint Planning and Review meetings and facilitating Sprint Retrospective meetings.  • Periodically updated the project schedule, status report and runbook and shared it with the top management and all the stakeholders, thereby periodically keeping the client updated on the progress of the projects and milestones achieved.  • Regularly met with all the stakeholders and end-users of the tools to understand their requirements and to evaluate and make sure the scope of the project and the milestones achieved are in line with the requirements of the end-users. Documented requirements in Traceability Matrix to track project requirements and requirements specifications.  • Managing the Sprint backlog, authoring Sprint artifacts and processes, and producing regular status updates to PMO and management team.  • Delegated tasks to the team members and constantly keeping them apprised on the client expectations, progress and appreciations thereby keeping them motivated and increasing/sustaining their interest on the projects. Keeping the top management regularly informed of the progress/milestones with status reports.  • Leading teams in delivering functionality on time, within budget, and with high quality. Removing impediments and/or guiding the team to remove impediments by finding the right personnel to resolve issues.  • Managed project scope by ensuring that changes to the scope (if any) are documented and approved by the client senior management. Managed the Life Cycle (SDLC) of the tools by ensuring security patch, tool upgrades and releases happens regularly as per standards.  • Supporting the Product Owner in estimating, grooming and maintaining the product backlog. Tracking, documenting and communicating team velocity, burndown and sprint/release progress.  • Assisting team with making appropriate commitments through story selection, task definition, capacity planning and ensuring that Acceptance Criteria is clear and well-defined. Assisting with resolution of defects/bugs.  • Conducted Risk Assessment and Critical Path Analysis to decide on and ensure that necessary changes happen strictly according to client guidelines with negligible (if any) impact to business and to identify and mitigate or find an alternate solution to potential roadblocks in meeting project deadlines.  • Managed a team of four Level-2 core technical engineers and five Level-1 engineers. This team technically supported the Adobe Omniture Site Catalyst, Compuware APM suite of tools (DCRUM, CVA, Gomez, VSM, dynaTrace) and IBM Tealeaf. My other responsibilities included interviewing and recruiting team members as necessary, conducting performance appraisals, managing offshore billing and reporting to TCS senior management periodically. Education Master in Business Analysis Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu