Sr. IT Consultant/ Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Consultant/ Project Manager - Sogeti USA, LLC Bethlehem, GA BBA in Management Information Systems from Georgia College & State University. Passionate, detail oriented leader who is motivated by excellence in IT program and project delivery. 3 years of hands on enterprise IT project management experience. Projects span infrastructure, sales and division systems, product systems, and M&A. Led and coordinated VF Windows 7 deployment. Most recently coordinated the Digital Insight acquisition at NCR. Shown business acumen and project management discipline throughout tenure as a Sogeti Sr. Consultant with a range of hands-on experience communicating and leading across all levels of program stakeholders throughout the SDLC.    Knowledge  • Extensive knowledge of Information Technology  • Over 3 years of project management skills and experience  • Ability to manage all types of project in parallel  • Manage critical and emergency situation in a project  • Ability to make prompt and effective decisions  • A strong analytical reasoning sense and problem solving skills  • Proficient in Microsoft Project, Adobe CS6 Suite,   • Knowledge of other software programs and languages like:  1. HTML/ CSS  2. JIRA  3. Various Operating Systems  4. Microsoft suite (Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint etc.)  • Very proficient with PC hardware troubleshooting/repair and virus removal along with Windows 7 Configuration.   • Familiar with networking protocols and hardware  Skills  • Excellent communication, facilitation, and interpersonal skills  • Exceptional creative capacity with remarkable professionalism  • Commitment to integrity and long-term relationship building  • Evident understanding of the “big picture” with insatiable curiosity into the associated interrelationships  • Proven ability to lead positively and successfully through challenges to deliver on time and within budget Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Consultant/ Project Manager Sogeti USA, LLC August 2013 to Present Sogeti USA, LLC (Multiple Projects)    • NCR Corporation (Digital Insight): IT Infrastructure Lead for NCR Corporation’s $1.6 billion acquisition of Digital Insight. The initiative consists of managing 20 resources within the organization and a $4 million budget.  o IT Project manager specializing in Mergers and Acquisitions with a focus on IT infrastructure.  o Responsible for the planning, identifying, and executing projects that deliver integrated business processes, systems and infrastructure from two separate infrastructures.  o Responsible for managing multiple global teams comprised of diverse cultures, languages, experience, functional areas, and backgrounds.  o Ability to minimize project risks and to provide creative solutions to ensure the success of the project plan.  o Responsible for preparing and managing project plans, schedules, budgets and resource requirements.  o Prepare and deliver executive presentations to CIO of NCR and VP of Infrastructure.   o Managed stakeholder engagement, close collaboration, and partnership throughout the project lifecycle.  o Planned strategy for network, collaboration, personal computers, printers, and voice integration workstreams.  o Managing server migration solutions for 42 third party vendors to minimize identified security risk.  o Responsible for gathering access requirements from third party vendors to ensure access is retained when servers are moved behind segmented firewalls. Coordinate and lead meetings with all levels of program stakeholders.  • NCR Corporation (Retalix): The goal for this project is to retire the legacy Retalix network and voice circuits and deploy NCR's Network Architecture and Cisco IPT solution to drive down costs, enable NCR's information security stack to be implemented, and drive interoperability with the rest of NCR's locations.  o Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.  o Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and user needs.  • Project Description: VF Corporation, the world’s largest publically held apparel company, is undergoing a transformational initiative to upgrade their enterprise desktop operating system and virtualize critical desktop applications for approximately 19,000 users across the globe. The business value delivered includes vastly improved productivity and support, reduced organizational costs, and true enterprise application visibility and management.  o Led an on-site team of individuals on a daily basis and ensured that all tasks were completed on time and in the right capacity.   o Install Windows 7 Enterprise and business critical applications on both existing and new hardware using the SCCM 2012 task sequence. This also includes troubleshooting failed task sequences when necessary to ensure the machine is properly migrated.  o Assist Macintosh users with the installation and setup of Outlook 2013 and Lync 2013  o Serve as post-migration desktop support to assist users locally or remotely with operating system and application remediation as well as any additional application installation when necessary   o Create and maintain documentation via Microsoft Excel and SharePoint on the status of each site visited including the migration status of all users in the building and any form of remediation that occurs post migration.  o Assist in creating training documentation for Windows 7 and Office Professional Suite 2013 to be distributed to the end users  o Perform post migration configurations of company network drives and network printers as well as user data migration where necessary  o Work with the Project Managers and fellow deployment technicians to meet productivity and quality goals in a timely manner.  o Stay current with technology by obtaining training on current hardware and software found in the VF environment including obtaining certifications where necessary. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management of Information Systems Georgia College & State University - Milledgeville, GA 2010 to 2013 Skills Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint,Outlook/Exchange, Access, etc.), Adobe CS6 Products, Apple iLife software, VMware, Project Management, Project Scheduling, Team Building & Leadership, Network Integrations, Project Budgeting & Cost Controls, and System Migrations Additional Information Skills  • Very proficient with PC hardware troubleshooting/repair and virus removal along with Windows 7 Configuration.  • Languages I am familiar with: Microsoft Visual Basic, ASP.NET, HTML, SQL, Javascript and CSS.  • I have worked with and am familiar with most types of networking equipment (switches, routers, firewalls, etc.).  • Extensive printer configuration skills within Windows 7.  • Project Management, Project Scheduling, Team Building & Leadership, Network Integrations, Project Budgeting & Cost Controls, and System Migrations  Software  • Database: Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Access  • Platforms: Microsoft Windows XP, Vista, 7, & 8, Mac OS, Linux Ubuntu Server  • Programming: Microsoft Visual Studio, Adobe Dreamweaver  • Other: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, etc.), Adobe CS6 Products, Apple iLife software, VMware