Project Manager IT <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> <span class="hl">IT</span> Warren, OH Leadership Experience:    I have been a multi-sport athlete since I was young (4 years old). When it comes to team athletics I have always been a leader even when placed on older age group teams. I never asked to be a leader my coaches just always saw leadership traits in me. They saw coachability and always giving my 110% - work ethic and character. In the words of hall of fame coach Vince Lombardi “Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.” Good leaders can not only lead but pull leadership qualities out of the people under them; they can make a copy of themselves. If you cannot follow you can never lead.    All of my leadership/character references are people whom I have, in some fashion, followed as a leader and pursued mentorship/discipleship from.     Leadership/Character References:     Brian Waddell - Basketball coach and my best friend’s father. Known for 16 Yrs  Cell: 330-240-8638    Jeremy Ellis - Youth Pastor - Pastor - Landlord. Known 10 Yrs.  Cell: 740-317-8919 Work Experience Project Manager IT Advanced Micro Targeting, Inc February 2016 to Present AMT: CEO > Field Director > Project Manager > Project Manager IT (in training) > Field Manager > Team Leader > Canvasser (multiple skill/pay levels).    Organization purpose: Political Consulting  Starting Position: Canvasser  Current Position: Project Manager IT    Starting responsibilities: Gather 70 signatures for petition initiative per day.    Current/recent responsibilities: 1. Planning turf for typically statewide projects. Projects vary from door2door political campaigns where we inform and persuade voters in favor of our client's candidate(s) To door2door OR site canvassing (Libraries, Post offices, Business parking lots, Large events, etc). To gather initiative (or other goal-oriented) petition signatures To conducting questionnaire surveys Supervising multiple teams of 2-4 people. Projects typically start with at least 2 teams of 4 or 3 teams of 3 and a project manager may be responsible to manage up to 60 people.    2. Training new hires and overall employee relations making sure we keep our people satisfied and working together toward the company (or as we prefer to call it TEAM) goal.    3. Writing daily report on overall team efficiency, individual teams efficiency, individual person efficiency The turf, the weather, voter response and any factor(s) that affected productivity to improve it moving forward.    4. Gather 100-120+ signatures per day or meet a standard well above and beyond the people under me. While also training them to strive to be better than me.    5. Other small tasks provided for me by my Project Manager, Field Director, or CEO directly.    AMT references: Josh (Field Director): 702-812-5974 - Seth (Field Director): 731-676-5632  Cannot give the CEO's # out. Can request a letter of recommendation. Assistant Head Driver Domino's Pizza Steubenville OH - Steubenville, OH June 2014 to January 2016 DOMINO'S: Franchise CEO > Regional Manager > Store Manager > Assistant Store Manager > Head Driver > Drivers.    Driver Starting responsibilities: To deliver pizza, answer phone calls to place orders or direct customers to right management for customer service, to cut and box pizza, to fold pizza boxes, and do dishes / basic cleaning of the store.    Assistant Head Driver; to be promoted to head driver upon head driver's retirement.  Responsibilities: Inspect other driver's cars. Assist the General or Assistant store manager with opening or closing. To deliver great customer service and act as a manager when dealing with customer complaints, questions, and concern. To help on the make-line when required. To help other drivers know where their deliveries are going, and to assign efficient multi-delivery routes. Assist store manager with inventory, maintaining a clean store by assigning tasks to other drivers and leading by example. Assist with bank money drops / deposits. Maintain the correct change in the money drawer at all times. Food rotation and prep. Train new drivers. Help maintain OTD (out the door) times. To assist regional manager with flyer/supply deliveries to other locations as our store was his home store.    Domino's references: Jon Yates (Store Manager): 740-424-2825 Sam Nicosia (Regional Manager): 740-632-5917 Education One Year Credit in Counseling Psychology + Communications Grace College & Seminary - Winona Lake, IN May 2014 Diploma Of Graduation Jefferson County Christian School - Wintersville, OH May 2013 Skills Youth Outreach (2 years), Political Survey / Persuasive Phone Calls (Less than 1 year), Sales (2 years), Inventory (3 years), Customer Service (4 years), Microsoft Office. Excel, Powerpoint, and Word. (10+ years), Web Design (4 years), Heavy lifting + good technique (up to 80 pounds solo, or work with others to move large items such as furniture). (10+ years), Pallet Jack Operation (2 years), Hand loading and Unloading trucks (2 years)