Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Airland Global Ltd Work Experience Senior Project Manager Airland Global Ltd January 2015 to Present Airland facilitates and enables instant and efficient connections between individuals and companies needing logistics & trucking services..  Achievements/Tasks  Senior Project Manager • Successfully developed a trucking-logistics digital solution to aide in reducing  delays, waste and improve safety in trucking, logistics and cargo supply chain.  Airland Global Ltd • Develop and manage on-boarding activities for new clients, employees and suppliers to ensure efficient customer service.  01/2015 - Present • Performed quality assurance of cargo handling assets to ensure that goods were  safe and secure.  Contact: Patricia Sharon -0725330494 • Train clients, suppliers and newer staff on existing and new systems used for    efficient communication.  • Assessing, developing and/or adopting digital solutions for the company.  Automated workflow and project activities.  Soltic Africa is a technology-driven management provider specializing in Vehicle, cargo and container tracking, fleet management and speed governors.  Achievements/Tasks  Operations Engineer • Established and managed ECTS department while ensuring optimal allocation of resources and inventory to ensure balance on cost, service level and IT Engineer Soltic Africa Ltd January 2014 to December 2014 productivity.  • Identify and resolve system, device and management issues to ensure peak  01/2014 - 12/2014 performance.  • Assist in developing new client leads and sustain existing operations; train    Contact: Hillary Makori-0724026032 technicians and clients on new technologies.  • Work collaboratively with other engineers and product managers in designing,  developing, deploying and managing highly available and scalable systems.  • Automation of procedures and incident responses, monitor system stability and performance in comparison with customer specifications.  SGS core services are divided into four categories: 1. Cargo monitoring. 2. Trade efficiency  IT Engineer 3. Risk Management and .4. Cargo trade Compliance  Achievements/Tasks  SGS Kenya • I was part of the initial team that successfully developed SGS cargo tracking  solutions, I provided technical sales support and operations management.    • Developing and optimizing operations procedures to reduce waste and improve  01/2012 - 12/2013 efficiency. Developed and improved operational practices and procedures by use of issue tracking system to report and track operational issues.  Contact: Hussein Machasio - 0720278701 • Direct work assignments, establish priorities, and coordinate work progress to meet schedules and budget allocation.  • Being in charge of a team, I was in-charge of Quality, health, safety and environment (QHSE) coordination, training and compliance. Education BSc. in Agriculture Electrical and Electronics Engineering- Jomo Kenyatta University Of Agriculture and Technology May 2007 to December 2011 Skills OPERATIONS (4 years), OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT (1 year), TIME MANAGEMENT, SOFTWARE DESIGN Links http://linkedin.com/in/juliusomwanzaondari Additional Information SKILLS AND • Technical Sales and support  COMPETENCIES • Leadership  • Operations Management  • Web and software design  • Time management