Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Fox Lake, IL Work Experience Project Manager Level 10 - Hoffman Estates, IL June 2017 to Present Translate business requirements into technical requirements; define project goals, scope, approach.  Utilize project management expertise to assist in developing resource estimation and planning tools.  Scope project requirements and prepare budget.  Generate a detailed project plan and monitor progress.  Collaborate with internal teams to design, develop and implement projects.  Deliver projects on time ensuring quality standards are met.  Develop support documentation including risk logs and requirement specifications.  Communicate with the team and ensure all members are on board with delegated tasks.  Highlight potential risks or malfunctions and act proactively to resolve issues.  Seek opportunities for improvement and suggest new projects.  Manage 8-10 projects simultaneously, large and small, complex and basic. Senior IT Specialist Mrkt Serv Holdings - Rolling Meadows, IL February 2015 to February 2017 Developed and quality controlled extensive auto-motives catalog  Dual department role, managed catalog team and solved system and hardware issues  Interviewed and trained new employees and fielded questions from team  Created and assisted with implementation for tracking and corrections of catalog  Introduced and implemented data analytics tracking for entire company and clients  Managed company projects and made sure they were completed ahead of schedule Education Bachelor of Arts in English DePaul University - Lincoln Park, IL August 2012 to December 2014 Skills Project Management (5 years), Business Planning (6 years), Quality Assurance (8 years), Technical Writing (10+ years), IT Management (5 years), Implementation (5 years), Problem Resolution (5 years), Risk Management (7 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Problem Solving (10+ years), Budgeting (5 years), Planning Skills (5 years), Organizational Leadership (5 years), Team Management (5 years), Resource Management (5 years), Reporting (5 years)