Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Logic Technology Inc Albany, NY Seasoned IT professional committed to collaborative team building, purposeful communication, and creative solutions. Track record of  simple solutions to deliver high quality results within budget and schedule constraints. Work Experience Project Manager Logic Technology Inc April 2016 to Present GE Alstom Acquisition Integration Program  ? Organized & controlled network integration efforts for 19 Alstom sites the Americas region as part of $10.4B  acquisition (largest in GE's history)  ? Delivered integration of largest portfolio of users to GE network in the Americas  ? Mobilized eight teams to successfully integrate the largest site in the Americas  ? Analyzed progress & reported status of Re-IP, LAN & WAN refresh on global teleconferences  ? Authored & co-authored correspondence to mix of business, non-technical, & technical audiences  ? Documented & escalated changes & risks to leadership in timely fashion    GE SAND Interconnect Program  ? Oversaw migration of 29 GE Oil & Gas sites from Legacy to state of the art network infrastructure  ? Produced and maintained documentation of site status through assessment, ordering, delivery, test & turn up,  site migration, handoff to Operations Team, and handoff to Decommissioning Team  ? Partnered with up to five external & internal teams per site including dispatch of on-site technicians  ? Responsible for quote to order of WAN gear for dozens of sites globally  ? Assisted Global Program Manager with situation analysis, forecasting, & reporting to Client leadership  ? Coached non-technical site contacts through testing & troubleshooting IT Support Specialist SUNY Adirondack Community College September 2012 to April 2016 Remote software deployment (PDQ suite, Group Policy)  Asustor)   ? Workstation Imaging (Free Open-source Ghost,  ? Windows Server 2016, 2012, 2008, 2003 Symantec Ghost, SmartDeploy, WDS)  ? Virtualization (VMware vSphere, Citrix Xen, oVirt) ? Operating System Support (Windows, Apple OSX, Linux,  ? Networking (Cisco, Ubiquiti, Aruba, Meraki) iOS, Android)    Spearheaded initiative to overhaul software installation & patching solution from manual processes to automated system which persistently nets greater than $500,000 annually  ? Planned & executed WSUS implementation to eliminate critical WAN link saturation issues, centralize OS patch  management, increase security compliance, provide rapid rollback  ? Administered over dozen production Windows and Linux servers  ? Orchestrated campus wide software upgrades, including: Microsoft (Office 2013 upgrade 2 years ahead of standard schedule), 0-day patches, regularly scheduled software updates based on client & vendor schedules  ? Instrumental in College-wide transition to Google Apps, including user outreach, group & one-on-one trainings,  preparation of written how-to guides, & presentation at College Professional Development Day  ? In year 1, streamlined PC upgrade process to complete project on time; 1st in Department history  ? Awarded SUNY Adirondack 2015 College Community Spirit Award Education Associate in Computer Science SUNY Adirondack Community College September 2008 to May 2011