Sr. IT Project/Program Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Ellenton, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project/Program Manager US Department of Veteran Affairs - Saint Petersburg, FL February 2011 to Present Responsibilities  ? Manage national health care level application development projects across the most complex integrated medical health care system in the world utilizing the agile methodology. Manage high performance technical staffs in delivering medial applications to over 154 medical facilities and the largest integrated medical environment in the world for millions of veterans.   ? Manage staff and provide direction to 20-30 technical team members across the country.  ? Evaluate project schedules and developer resource allocations to ensure successful development of approved software applications.   ? Provide tracking, analyzing, and coordinate multiple complex applications development projects using principles and guidelines of the Project Management Institute and capability maturity modes integration methodologies.   ? I facilitate cross functional and cross team planning sessions to ensure integration of critical path development activities. I manage formal change and configuration management processes as senior technical analyst to ensure adherence to approved processes and identify product configuration issues for resolutions.   ? I provide technical support and management to the various teams involved in developing health care solutions. I define system scope and develop cost estimates for new and modified applications systems.   ? I prepare and manage project plans to ensure the successful implementation of software and hardware solutions across the enterprise. Lead complex technical sessions for enterprise software solutions.   ? Identify risks within ongoing development project to ensure VA goals and objectives are met and provide mitigation strategies to reduce and eliminate the identified risks.   ? Act as the Contracting Officer Representative on numerous contracts. Prepare Performance Work Statements (PWS) on technical software and hardware contracts. Prepare technical evaluations in regards to proposals submitted by contractors. Develop contractual documentation Statement of work (SOWs) and Statement of Objectives (SOOs) for task orders leading to acquisition of IT systems, equipment and services required for the project. Review and evaluate contract proposals, research and evaluate Commercial Off-the-Shelf (COTS) products, and provide technical input to contract negotiations and determine proposals most appropriate for award and enterprise solution.  ? Prepare and manage key project budgets covering resources, software and hardware. Manage a PMO staff of high technical resources in meeting planned objectives for national roll-out of software products.   ? Supervise a staff of government and contractor personnel in meeting project planned objectives.   ? Manage functional and technical aspects of implementation and optimization projects at the national level including enterprise governance, risk, and compliance software engagements.   ? Ensure projects are delivered within the budget outlined in the SOW/PWS. Communicate effectively with customer project managers, SMEs, stakeholders and executives at all levels,  ? Prepare project plans and estimate project effort. Manage and mitigate potential risks, identify and resolve project issues, manage customer expectations and maintain ongoing and regular communications with the business customer.  ? Establishing the project’s overall critical path and ensuring that all project phases adhere to the agreed-upon timeline and assisting project team in troubleshooting and finding solutions to unforeseen issues. Lead, guide, motivate, inspire and mentor project team members to excel.  ? Manage multi- project assessment, validation, and prioritization through-out project lifecycle including risk analysis, assessment, planning, and management.  ? Ability to accurately understand report and manage projects using Earned Value Management (EVM) techniques.   ? Strong customer facing skills and ability to communicate to executives and stakeholders at all levels for health care sites across the US.  ? Use technical and PM experience to manage projects and programs across business areas consistently and according to standard best practices and methodologies as well as to adhere to and champion government standards.   ? Manage internal and external consultant resources and making sure the project team has the necessary skill sets to complete the project. Champion PMO by educating, mentoring and communicating across the different matrix organizations.   ? Brief C-Level executives regarding project/program status at the enterprise level.  Environment: Manage/Implement 50 Million dollar plus programs/ projects. SDLC implementations, Health Care Medical application development, Health Care Management, custom application software, EVM, Budget Management, MS Project/Primavera, Visio/Excel/MS Word, capital investment, vendor management, IT contract administration and oversight, Project/Program management of complex projects. Agile development, ClearQuest, ClearCase, Quality Manager, OMB 300 Exhibit input and tracking, IT Acquisition Request Initiative Tracking. Project Management Accounting System (PMAS), SharePoint, and ProPath methodology processes. Education Bachelor's in Business Columbia College - Columbia, MO