IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Wayne, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Uceda International - Paterson, NJ June 2015 to Present I started working with UCEDA as an intern during the Summer of 2015. During this time I formed a relationship with my colleagues who recognized my value towards the company and proceeded to hire my services. Since then I have worked on a number of projects such as: developing custom web applications, integrating third party solutions, migrating data, employee training, application research, organic search engine optimization and strategic marketing. President/Owner Pro Market Me INC. - Fort Myers, FL March 2014 to Present Lead website developer and graphic media creator. Pro Market Me INC. is a family owned business that specializes in helping small businesses gather exposure through the internet by using innovative web technologies and marketing strategies. Education Bachlor's in Web Information Systems New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ September 2015 to August 2018 Associate in IT Web Design Option Passaic County Community College - Paterson, NJ June 2013 to June 2015 Skills SDLC, PHP (4 years), Javascript (4 years), HTML (6 years), JQuery (4 years), MySQL (4 years), CSS (6 years), Python (4 years), Wordpress (4 years), Git (2 years), Photoshop (4 years), Fireworks (4 years), Database Development (4 years), Linux (4 years), Lamp (3 years), Laravel (2 years), React Native (1 year), Angular.js (1 year), Test Driven Development (1 year), Agile (2 years), Scrum (2 years), node package management (NPM), PHP Composer (2 years), Object Oriented Design (2 years) Links http://kevinwildermuth.com Awards Recommendation Letter 2017-12 I received a recommendation letter for my senior capstone project at NJIT. Our project was called NJIT Park, which was a redesign of NJIT's live parking application. We won first place during the midterm and third place during the final. We were also the only group out of 18 to get recognized by the NJIT news.