IT Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> Engineer IT Engineer - Mitek Corporation Gilbert, AZ Skilled, hardworking professional that stays focused on any task at hand, while bringing a wide range of  knowledge and experience to any new atmosphere. Strong multitasker and problem-solver with solid technical  background Work Experience IT Engineer Mitek Corporation October 2018 to Present Phoenx, AZ  Oversaw local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops.  Set up equipment for employee use.  Answered user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation.  Served as operating system expert, providing technical support for entire organization.  Utilized such online conferencing tools such as WebEx and Zoho Meeting to conduct trainings and learning  sessions to employees in locations both in the US and abroad.  Installed and performed repairs to hardware, software and peripheral equipment, following design and installation specifications. Technician Comcast - Mount Prospect, IL March 2015 to October 2017 Supervised a team of 16  Performed work for residential and commercial customers, including  connecting, reconnecting, disconnecting or altering services.  Troubleshot and diagnosed systems using speed, ping and related tests.  Trained customers on equipment use, setup procedures and troubleshooting strategies.  Worked with clients to analyze computing and network needs and installed appropriate solutions within each organization's budget.  Prepared and presented technical proposals for clients.  Created HTML email templates and newsletters for e-mail  Set up and configured system user hardware and software applications.  Developed and managed project plans while providing status updates to management.  Troubleshooted and resolved web application issues escalated from customer support and other  departments with a 100% success rate.  Installed and supported over 30 Microsoft Windows Servers in an Active Directory Cluster.  Reviewed, analyzed, and recommended software solutions that would be an ideal fit for project  specifications. Project Manager Comfort Home Remodeling - Elk Grove Village, IL January 2014 to February 2015 Accurately read, understood, and carried out written instructions.  Communicated operational issues and changes to supervisor on regular basis.  Follow company procedures to maintain work environment in a neat and orderly condition.  Obtain building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies.  Oversee the entire building turnover process, while enhancing communication between all construction  management. Education Associate of Arts in Information Technology University of Phoenix - Tempe, AZ 2019 Associate of Arts in Business Management Oakton Community College - Des Plaines, IL Skills It Specialist, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Information Technology, Comptia