IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Beltsville, MD Experienced IT Project Manager with a background in communications and over 4 years of experience in requirement elicitation, analysis, modeling, documentation, ?and application testing. Extensive experience implementing Agile/Scrum methodology in my project management and business analyst roles. Expertise managing, analyzing and clarifying requirements throughout complete SDLC. Extremely detail-oriented team player with technical experience as a business analyst. Possesses necessary business acumen to translate product requirements and project objectives into successful software systems solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Datanix Technology - Columbia, MD April 2017 to Present • Lead all efforts to effectively communicate and collaborate with external and internal clients to analyze information needs.    • Provide guidance on development of project specific documentation to include the full breadth of the project management lifecycle.    • Create and document full SDLC lifecycle artifacts based project applied methodology: Agile (Scrum) – Product Backlog, Sprint Backlog, EPIC, User Stories and Acceptance Criteria    • Capture functional requirements for a Business Process Re-engineering project (BPR) project.    • Work independently with users to define concepts, clarify Functional and Non-Functional requirements and translated them into application and operational requirements.    • Conduct monthly application review meetings with End Users, to gather and document Business needs and translated them into functional requirement document (FRD).    • Clarify issues with developers during efforts to validate designs and functional specifications.    • Provided Business Analysis support and process improvement recommendations and supported the implementation of application enhancement.    • Schedule hand-off meetings and identify the appropriate entities to complete project requirements.    • Work with Operations leadership to coordinate internal resources for successful execution of projects.    • Communicate effectively with clients, clearly define expectations, provide regular updates and deliver timelines.    • Meet with clients face to face (when required) during project life cycle to ensure smooth implementation.    • Provide support to the Program Managers required to maintain cost, schedule, and quality of the products and services delivered.    • Track weekly and monthly reporting requirements using MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Project, SharePoint and Project Server.    • Perform analyses and prepares reports to ensure that contracts are within negotiated and agreed parameters and government cost control guidelines.    • Contribute to the preparation of budgets and analyses such as funding profiles, forecasting, and variance analysis Business Analyst The Bozzuto Group - Greenbelt, MD November 2014 to April 2017 • Worked closely with PM to facilitate project development process using agile SDLC framework.    • Co-developed and documented Business Requirements, Functional Requirements, and Test Cases for a System Catalog application development project.    • Prepared documentation that captured decisions made throughout all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).    • Gathered user and business requirements through open-ended discussions, brainstorming sessions, role-playing, prototyping and observation of the compliance department and work environment.    • Conducted and participated in Release planning, Scrum Planning, Scrum Retrospectives, Daily Scrum and Backlog Refinement meetings with various stakeholders.     • Working with QA team to execute User Acceptance testing.    • Create and document full SDLC lifecycle artifacts based project applied methodology.    • Lead the effort to effectively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and capture functional requirements for a Business Process Re-engineering project (BPR) project.    • Worked independently with users to define concepts, clarify Functional and Non-Functional requirements and translated them into application and operational requirements.    • Clarified issues with developers during efforts to validate designs and functional specifications.    • Provided Business Analysis support and process improvement recommendations and supported the implementation of application enhancement.    • Analyzed user needs to determine requirements for resolving issues and finding solutions by means of automated systems.    • Developed Business process documentation, supporting documentation which including policies, procedures, references, specific and general instructions, navigation manuals, user guides, job aids and related/required documentation.    • Facilitate structured requirements walkthrough with stakeholder and team members to confirm and obtain signoff on the stated requirements/ functionalities to be deployed. Education Master's in Communication Notre Dame of Maryland University - Baltimore, MD May 2017 Bachelor's in Business Management Towson University - Towson, MD 2014 Skills Microsoft Office Suite, Strong Interpersonal Skills, Effective Communication Skills, JIRA, Salesforce, Sharepoint, Visio, Confluence, Agile (4 years), Scrum, Project Management, Windows MS PROJECT, MS Outlook, SAFe, Waterfall, PM, SDLC, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses CSM Present As a Certified Scrum Master, I help the Scrum Team perform at their highest level. CSMs also protect the team from both internal and external distractions. Through the certification process, I was formally trained on how to apply the Scrum framework and expanded my understanding of team roles, events, artifacts and rules. PMP (in progress) Present Project Management Professional (PMP) is an internationally recognized professional designation offered by the  Project Management Institute (PMI). Assessments Attention to Detail Skills — Highly Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate’s ability to use diligence when drafting and editing documents. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rnuhguvkgc6lptyp Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.