Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Chemical Engineer Nashua, NH Recent Chemical Engineering graduate with a background in I.T., Research, and live Entertainment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager University of Massachusetts September 2016 to June 2017 Conceptualized and designed an ethanol production plant using cellulosic corn  stover as feedstock. Coordinated a team through the execution of an Investment  Prospectus, process chemistry, instrumentation & controls, and regulatory  compliance. Presented to the board of instructors and faculty, received an A. Lab Technician University of Massachusetts - Lowell, MA June 2016 to June 2017 Studied techniques in precipitation of PGLA dendrimers loaded with chemotherapeutics, SWNTs, and gold nanoparticles. Verified results with UV-VIS  spectroscopy and reliably achieved the 5-100 nm target size on 70% of trials. Eng. I.T. Technician University of Massachusetts - Lowell, MA January 2015 to June 2017 Provided support to faculty and students on engineering software (LabView,  MATLAB, ASPEN Plus, Solidworks, Comsol, Hyperworks, etc.) and published SOP  documentation for distribution. Deployed rollouts of hardware campus-wide. Education Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering University of Massachusetts - Lowell, MA September 2012 to May 2017 National Chung Hsing University June 2015 Associates in Liberal Arts Nashua Community College - Nashua, NH September 2009 to May 2012 Cross Country Division II. College Radio Founder. Skills DOCUMENTATION (2 years), MATLAB (2 years), SOP (2 years), CHEMISTRY (Less than 1 year), CGMP (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Areas of Expertise    • Spectrophotometer and HPLC Operation • Green Chemistry  • Process Validation and SOP Documentation • Nanoparticle Drug Loading  • Computational Simulation in MATLAB • Six Sigma Quality Assurance and Control  • Process Simulation in ASPEN Plus • OSHA Compliance & Lab Safety Certified  • Regulatory Compliance (cGMP) • Blood Bourne Pathogen Certified  • Electronic Materials Processing • SCUBA Trained & Certified  • Technical Writing & Grant Proposals • Semiconductor P & N Doping  • Process Chromatography (Gas, liquid) • Colloidal Hydrogels  • Dendrimer Drug Loading • Nanoparticle and SWNT precipitation  • Project Management and Leadership • Distillation, Filtration, and Separation