IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Wolters Kluwer Arlington Heights, IL Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Project Manager Wolters Kluwer - Riverwoods, IL May 2016 to Present Cloud Transformation: Led end-to-end planning and execution for AWS migration of on-premise apps to improve  system performance, leveraging RACI Model to engage technical, business, QA, management, and infrastructure  stakeholders. This not only streamlined Project Stakeholder Management, it plummeted resource and infrastructure  costs by half.  • ERP System Enhancement: Managed upgrade of core ERP & BW system, articulating project goals and scope,  translating business needs into technical terms, preparing detailed Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), and instilling  shared accountability for achieving project milestones across hundreds of teams.  • User-friendly Reporting Solution: Anchored Iterative Agile Project Model as a SCRUM Master overseeing  conceptualization and design of a BI Data Model & Reporting Solution through each phase of SDLC, ensuring  constant End-User Engagement, Risk Management and Rapid Turnaround. This resulted in an enhanced product,  saving 80 hours of end-user manual effort in usage and sales data analysis.  • Technology Standardization: Utilized PERT Planning Technique to standardize technology across the board,  thereby replacing obsolete apps with an ERP solution. This led to efficient tracking of Project Milestones and Defect  Management (JIRA System) to deliver the project with optimal resource usage (Resource Planning & Management).  • Technology Currency Initiative: Spearheaded re-platform for several thousand apps from legacy IBM Lotus Notes  to current technologies with Burndown Charts to iteratively quantify and realign its success, facilitating annual  savings of $250,000 for the organization.  • Barometer IT: Facilitated usage of BarometerIT, streamlining enterprise Portfolio Data Management, serving as a one-stop shop for all financial, systems, technology, and people data for various streams under the portfolio.  • IT Operations Optimization: Developed a dashboard showcasing monthly metrics on types of issues raised and resolution turnaround time for effective Defect Management and Capacity Planning.  • PMO Engagement: Collaboratively worked with PMO members to standardize and constantly reinvent project  management artifacts including- Waterfall/Agile best practices, release calendars, issue tracking, capacity planning,  project status reporting, and project closure documentation. BI Technical Lead Cognizant Technology Solutions - Chennai, Tamil Nadu November 2012 to May 2015 Data Quality Management & Auditing: Evaluated business data in close collaboration with stakeholders from client company, framing comprehensive business rules to eliminate erroneous data from database: Conceptualization  and development of data quality framework, data validation, and overall quality assurance.  ? Sales Forecast Streamlining: Designed and aligned implementation of Finance Data Mart (FDM) for client's Data  Warehouse: Mapped data for FDM development to design ETL mappings and devise Business Intelligence reports  capturing important sales metrics across various dimensions Education MS in Information Systems University of Cincinnati, Carl H. Lindner College of Business - Cincinnati, OH December 2016 Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics Engineering Anna University May 2012 Skills ClearCase (Less than 1 year), ClearQuest (Less than 1 year), database (4 years), JIRA (1 year), Lotus Notes (1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/anitajayakumar Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Project Management Tools: Microsoft Project, Confluence, JIRA, SharePoint, Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, VBA,  IBM ClearQuest, IBM ClearCase, IBM Lotus Notes, BarometerIT  • Data Warehousing Tools: Informatica 9.1, IBM Cognos, Hyperion, OBIEE, Redwood, Trillium, Tableau, SAS,  BOBJ  • Database: Oracle, SQL