Design and Delivery Specialist Design and Delivery Specialist Design and Delivery Specialist - Wells Fargo via TekSystems Phoenix, AZ Resourceful, business-oriented IT professional who thrives in challenging, fast-paced environments. Looking to  generate efficiencies through cross-functional problem solving by leveraging technology and best practices and  asking the right questions to deliver value to my employer and its clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Design and Delivery Specialist Wells Fargo via TekSystems - Tempe, AZ January 2016 to Present Solve customer's payments problems by providing consultative Payment Manager services  ? Manage multiple customer requests while ensuring timely delivery of configuration and mapping changes  ? Gather customer requirements for complex Payment Manager solutions  ? Obtain customer approval and sign-off of project scope, requirements, and schedule for maintenance requests  ? Act as subject matter expert (SME) for the Payment Manager application during internal and customer meetings  ? Update and maintain internal project, product, and process documentation  ? Provide job shadow and mentoring opportunities to new hires  ? Work with sales and implementations to ensure high customer satisfaction and provide strong customer service IT Project Manager Avnet - Phoenix, AZ May 2013 to January 2016 Pioneered end-to-end update of Profit Center fields across master data, SAP, and BI reporting to align with finance objectives while protecting business continuity  ? Authored organizational change management material to prepare for the 2M$ divestiture of the Technology  Solutions business unit of Avnet from an IT project standpoint  ? Navigated regional and cultural differences to lead the migration and upgrade efforts for the Governance, Risk  Management, and Control (GRC) SAP module for Asia region onto global platform  ? Built reports for project, cost, and resource management through Access, SQL, pivot tables, BEx, and Power BI  ? Leveraged agile methodology to design, test, and implement the Service Portal UI module of ServiceNow  ? Managed integration of new 3.8M$ Informatica Master Data Management system with SAP implementation  ? Designed test scripts for SAP Ariba contracts management module user acceptance testing (UAT)  ? Administrated MS Project Server and Project Online systems for project, resource, and cost management  ? Managed global Websense v8.0.1 security upgrade for 20 locations, 30 appliances, and 2 policy regions for  Data Loss Prevention (DLP)  ? Mentored, coached, and nurtured 15 IT interns in navigating the office environment and IT landscape  ? Coordinated 1.1M global Customer Relations Management (CRM) implementation focusing on Japan's user  acceptance testing (UAT) and training  ? Authored release notes for consumption by the business in EMEA, ASIA, and Japan  ? Coordinated UAT for 63 reluctant application owners supporting over 500 applications for End-of-Life (EOL)  middleware Informatica upgrade  ? Managed 250K$ ISAM WebSEAL SSO upgrade project by leveraging a global team  ? Documented, refined, organized and led cross-functional business and governance processes Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Information Systems Barrett Honors College, Carey Academy, W. P. Carey School of Business, Arizona State University - Phoenix, AZ May 2013 Skills GOVERNANCE (2 years), TRAINING (2 years), AUDIT (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS ANALYSIS (Less than 1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses PMP September 2015 to September 2018 Groups Society of Information Managers - AZ Chapter January 2009 to Present Additional Information Skills    ? Project Management, PMP ? Training & Facilitation ? IT Attestation & Audit  ? Business Analysis & QA ? Report design and delivery ? Process Governance