Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - Retail Solutions Brookline, MA Work Experience Technical Project Manager Retail Solutions - Providence, RI 2017 to Present Production Capacity Planning IT Project Manager / System Engineer LiveWire Systems 2014 to 2017 • Lead a group of 10 vendors and system engineers to implement new network.  • Managed and developed company's IT infrastructure to accommodate new web-based initiatives saving the company over $100k per year.  • Plan, implement, and maintain AMS Prime - Insurance Services Management System platform.  • Developed and implemented disaster recovery plan with complete documentation.  • Sonic-Wall Firewall and VPN implementation and maintenance.  • SOX compliance IT Project Manager CITIZENS BANK - Cranston, RI 2013 to 2013 • Developed new project initialization process resulting in a savings of 25-100 man hrs. Per project.  • Managed teams of systems engineers  • Focus on Business Process service delivery improvement.  • Established project metrics which enhanced estimation accuracy by 20%.  • Actively contributed to day to day operation of PMO.  • Collaborated on 10,000 PC virtualization project with a $10mm budget using VMware. Managed Services System Engineer/ Project Manager IT WORKS, INC - West Barnstable, MA 2011 to 2012 • Managed client relationships reporting to C-level people. Companies included: Nantucket Yacht Club, Great Harbor Yacht Club, The Westmore Club, and The Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe.  • Infrastructure Project management with team of 12 systems engineers with project budgets over $100k  • Implemented remote administration and monitoring of servers and server clusters.  • Planned and supported network and computing infrastructure including storage area networks (SAN storage), patch management, and fax environment solutions.    Technology Summary  Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Project, Windows Server 2012, Exchange,  Power BI, Cisco Identity Services Engine, Azure Accelerated Networking,  Zendesk, N-Able, LabTech, Kaseya, ConnectWise CRM, Veritas, VB.net