Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Apexconnect Arlington, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Apexconnect - Washington, DC June 2018 to Present • Track and manage projects through project lifecycle via Salesforce and Monday  • Update project schedules and reporting via Salesforce and Monday  • Facilitate requirements gathering sessions  • Record and track status of requirements  • Complete status reporting documentation as needed  • Attend client meetings to provide updates on project status  • Facilitate project closeout and transfer to support  • Assist with support cases as needed  • Assist with sales as needed Junior IT Project Manager Sulzer-US - Montvale, NJ October 2017 to May 2018 Manage day-to-day details of projects including planning, schedule, resources, task assignments, scope, issues and risks.  Track progress and monitor all development activites while meeting quality expectations.  Work closely with the development and support teams with bug-fixes, QA/testing, new releases, deployments, and client requests.  Participate and contribute to various project and status meetings; report project status to project team, problem resolutions and collaboration on project planning and execution.  Prepapre, maintatin, and track all project realted documents - e.g. project status reports, deployment schedules  (planned/unplanned), budget sheets, project timeline, project tenders, etc.  Consult clients on projects, including any enhancements, updates, and bug-fixes.  Product Manager of an in house Product called Dealer Media Technoloy.  Managed business requirements throughout SDLC to ensure solutions deliver business value  Coordinated and lead meetings with user groups and vend or to identify requirements and business impact, prioritized issues,  determined workarounds, escalated issues, and tracked the status of bugs  Use the Agile and Waterfall methodologies to successfully manage projects. Project Manager TransPerfect - New York, NY April 2016 to October 2017 Manage the entire life-cycle of multiple(15-20) localization projects in a fast-paced environment  Manage project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, and scope.  Coordinate all the project phases and efficiently predict the lifespan of all the stages of the project  Liaise with sales staff to clarify project scope and parameters  Identify, review, or select vendors or consultants to meet project needs.  Negotiate deadlines and rates with vendors, while establishing and maintaing excellent relationships  Monitor and control projects status, track project milestones and deliverables.  Perform quality checks at various stages of process to ensure quality and accuracy  Monitor the performance of project team members, pro viding and documenting performance feedback.  Submit project deliverables, ensuring adherence to quality standards. Operations Specialist National Debt Relief - New York, NY August 2015 to March 2016 Operate as the point of communication for the Negotiati ons and Customer Service department.  Assist with communication of operations standards across departments.  Understand the features and use of Salesforce to maintain client profiles and accounts, as well as use Salesforce to create r eports  that help locate and keep track of clients.  Mange several monthly reports to track client progress in the program, assign accounts to negotiators, push clients for gradu ating the program, track negotiator progress and clean up with the internal database of creditors in the company.  Adjust client's account balances to reflect their credit statements and credit reports.  Point of communication between attornies and client's with account lawsuits. Project Manager Intern Brightstarr - Rochelle Park, NJ April 2014 to March 2015 Helped manage multiple projects with responsibility for reporting changes to project scope, ensuring timely deliverables, and tracking any project risks or issues.  Contributed to meeting agendas for distribution among project team members. Allocated re sources to specific projects to assist  PMO in resource management. Conducted audits of project sites to ensure documentation was present and properly maintained  Executed testing of SharePoint 2013 intranet sites in desktop and mobile versions to support QA effort    7329794222 |navneetpurba@gmail.com  Drafted multiple project documentation including project plans, communication plans, project health documents, BRDs, test  scripts, status reports, and draft invoice requests. Education Bachelors in Information Technology & Informatics in Information Technology & Informatics RUTGERS UNIVERSITY - New Brunswick, NJ May 2015 Additional Information Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Project, Word, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook), Java, SQL, HTML, and CSS  Fluent in English, Hindi, and Punjabi || US Citizen    7329794222 |navneetpurba@gmail.com