IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - Red Bull North America Los Angeles, CA Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Red Bull North America - Santa Monica, CA September 2017 to Present Together with a team of 4 technicians in an Agile environment performed a PC & MAC Refresh & Windows  10/High Sierra Migration amongst a large, nationally spread user base across Red Bull North America  ? Coordinated with end users on the project processes, tasks, applications, and Druva restore  ? Tracked schedule, workflows, device assets, & tasks in Jira Initiative as well as in Confluence, Jira Kanban, IT  Service Management Suite, Slack, Workfront, Emperium (Client Management), and IAM (Identity and Access  Management System Facility Relocation Project Coordinator EPSON AMERICA INC (HQ) - Long Beach, CA November 2016 to December 2016 Synthesized data in various formats from multiple teams on the SAP and warehouse managment infrastructure  ? Synthesized data and communicated project status to senior management (Seiko) using Microsoft Project.  ? Assisted the Senior Manager of Supply Chain and Ops with coordinating resource requirements and logistics  ? Extensive use of lookups, pivot tables, Vlookups, pivot charts, and dashboards to manage business plan CTO & Project Coordinator Orchestra LLC - Beijing, CN October 2015 to August 2016 Led team of 3 to co-develop a software solution for Corenet Global CRE Academic Challenge, winning $10,000  ? Implemented Agile Scrum & SDLC; Used excel for scheduling and object oriented user design interface  ? Worked in Heroku, Bitbucket, client: javascript (es6) with angular.js 1.6.0 with es6 syntax Typescript 2.x; server:  node.js, sequelize, postgress, express; build system: webpack; css format: LESS Assistant Project Manager Intern Tianjin Metro Group Co. Ltd - Tianjin, CN August 2015 to December 2015 Collaboratively worked with technical troubleshooting teams of 7; participated in owner/contractor/architect  meetings on underground construction strategies to mitigate utility and pipelines obstacles  ? Reviewed hundreds of corporate policies, plans, technical drawings, specification and design instructions, and tenders; collaboratively worked with a team of 8 project managers and engineers on plan check and permits  ? Assisted in daily On-Site field safety and quality inspection teams of 15 to inspect new metro line construction Project Manager It Can Be Fixed LLC, Start-Up - Los Angeles, CA April 2012 to August 2014 Wrote business plan for strategic expert repair of iPhone, Samsung, iPad and Google tablets  ? Organized Statement of Work (SOW's) and Request For Proposals (RFPs) and Task Orders (TO)  ? Designed the corporate brand marketing strategy; conducted market analysis reports Education M.C.E. in International Construction and Project Management Tsinghua University - Beijing, CN August 2014 to July 2016 B.A. in Political Science & Chinese Bates College - Lewiston, ME September 2008 to May 2013 Skills SDLC (Less than 1 year), AUTOCAD (Less than 1 year), AWARD (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), CIVIL ENGINEERING (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CAPM March 2018 to March 2023 PMI: Certified Associate in Project Management Additional Information SKILLS & RECOGNITIONS    ? Knowledge of PMBOK, Agile Scrum, SDLC, User Support Analyst, AutoCad, BIM, SAP, Cisco Webex/Jabber  ? Excellent Communicator, Fluent in Mandarin Chinese, Basic in Spanish, Basic in French, Basic in Korean  ? Award: Corenet Global Corporate Real Estate Academic Challenge Summit in Los Angeles, 2015  ? Award: 2016 Tsinghua University Civil Engineering Excellent Master's Thesis Award