Project Manager/Scrum Master <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master Project Manager/Scrum Master Austin, TX Project Manager with over 8 years of experience managing multi-million-dollar projects (infrastructure, software and marketing), coordinating team, and performing budget allocation and analysis. Always want to be part of an innovative team that plans, coordinates and manages assigned client projects. Having a successful track record of using best practice project management methodologies to ensure that objectives are met. Able to provide leadership and direction to project personnel, and an expert at developing the meaningful, innovative solutions that clients value and expect. Able to lead teams that are made up of both technical and non-technical members. Organized and detailed-oriented with proactive and hard-working nature. Work Experience Project Manager/Scrum Master WHOLE FOODS MARKET - Austin, TX July 2018 to November 2018 Execution of the enterprise Office 365 cloud migration implementation of about 5000 accounts across Global and Regional teams at Whole Foods Market.  • Work to clean weekly data and produce numbers and charts for the project status report. Update the project plan accordingly.  • Collaborate team environment to increase productivity and responsible for Swim Lanes in Scrum Board  • Collaborate closely with project leadership to drive product backlog prioritization.  • Manage the Teams folder by keeping the most updated project related artifacts. Project Manager/Scrum master ETTAIN GROUP - Austin, TX June 2017 to June 2018 Employ knowledge of the Insurance industry and the Agile methodology to help drive projects within the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association and Texas Fair Plan Association. Responsible for tracking and reporting projects progress using CA Agile Rally as the main tool. Producing weekly metrics for all projects in the TFPA portfolio using Rally, SQL Server and MS Excel.  • Successfully delivered the version upgrade to the enterprise phone system as part of the Unified Communications effort and working to deliver on the audio-visual project to upgrade infrastructure within the association.  • Ensured products met or exceeded client expectations.  • Drive significant organization change across agile team to support agile development.  • Participate in Scrum of Scrum to ensure cross-team collaboration, coordination of release plans, report overall project status, and upcoming risks/dependencies.  • Improve transparency by publishing agile metrics with velocity chart, sprint burndown, scrum board, and release burndown charts.  • Support Product Owner to maintain and prioritize Product Backlog to deliver business values to stakeholder.  • Excelled at gathering feedback and requirements; communicating needed changes to development team; and overseeing seamless, high-quality rollouts to on-time and on-budget conclusion. Project Manager NFP - Austin, TX July 2016 to June 2017 Supported and coordinated training aspects of ongoing maintenance of the company's suite of core business systems across the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, and England. Daily responsibilities also included Document Management; using multiple tools including SharePoint.  • Led an operations business team in the development and testing of an online, interactive customer service relationship management (CRM) system that centralized account opening information and improved customer service.  • Increased service scores by 10% for supported operational areas by facilitating training and communication on key topics for sales offices.  • Drove a robust qualification, reliability and design verification process. Collaborated with IT, business experts, Internal and external stakeholders through all phases of a project to ensure delivered solutions brought business value. IT Project Manager DELL - Round Rock, TX December 2015 to March 2016 Hosted weekly project status meetings and provided project reports to the PMO. Managed cross-functional teams providing project management planning, scheduling, scope assessment, budgeting, and transition expertise for various mission critical IT infrastructure and business continuity projects.  • Identified customer service and operations activities that duplicated more than 30% of work effort.  • Designed process flow chart and operational plan to streamline functions and create efficiencies.  • Independently managed multiple larger Complex projects, programs, or small portfolios that require high levels of functional integration and organizational change management.  • Consulted team of 28 project team leaders in an initiative to grow business through the development and implementation of special product offerings targeting companies with 100-3,000 employees. Project Manager FREESCALE SEMICONDUCTORS - Austin, TX November 2014 to May 2015 Assembled resources, scheduled tasks, and created detailed timelines to maximize efficiency throughout each project phase. Determined costs purchased materials and designed working office procedures for business expansion, into a competitive commercial market. Spearhead Business Initiatives projects for Operational Excellence, Employee Engagement, and Revenue/Market Share Optimization.  • Produced monthly project forecast and communicated project status to management and project stake holders. Project Manager USAA - San Antonio, TX May 2013 to August 2014 Performed a dual role as central point for the IBM team working on the USAA Marketing premises as well as assist the Program Manager during the five phases of all 3 projects ongoing.  • Oversaw the production of eighty training decks and wrappers that would facilitate knowledge transfer between USAA marketing resources and IBM planning specialists, campaign specialists and performance specialists.  • Conducted project kick-off meetings, defined project objectives and scope, tracked risks, assumptions, and managed detailed project schedules using Microsoft Project. Education BS in communications in communications UNIVERSITY OF BUEA 2008 Skills PROJECT PLANNING, SOFTWARE MANAGEMENT, SQL (1 year), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (1 year), agile, sharepoint, kanban, project management, microsoft office Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master Groups Board - Austin, TX Member Additional Information SKILL AREAS  Project Planning & Management  Change Management  Amazon AWS Architecture Cloud Architecture  Software Management  Process improvement  Data Analysis (SQL Query, Access, Excel)  Microsoft tools ( Project, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio)  Salesforce