Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - TIAA Financial Services Charlotte, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager TIAA Financial Services - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to Present • Effectively implements an average of 5 IT projects within the Digital Client Experience program focusing on areas such as participant data accuracy, user interface improvements, web alert creation, and new marketing campaigns.  • Develops custom project charters, business requirement documents, and project plans for the socialization of overall project scope with relevant business leaders for necessary approvals.  • Completes market research and data analysis in order to determine return of investment projections, confirm target state prototypes, identify impacted client populations, and create competitive analysis reports.  • Collaborates with internal legal, UX design, security services, web, and mobile teams in order to validate necessary functional requirements, regulatory criteria, project cost estimates, team member work allocations, and target timelines for upcoming release dates.  • Creates detailed process flow charts in support of participant site current state process documentation, target web UI overlay changes, and client experience functionality.  • Leads strategic planning sessions with senior leadership in order to identify major areas for data governance process improvements, develop new UI strategies, and brainstorm new project opportunities/ objectives.  • Presents comprehensive business cases to partners that highlight project purpose, expected business benefits, risks, and gap analysis results. Business Project Manager Diversant, Inc - Charlotte, NC January 2017 to May 2017 • Managed client data IT application and product migration projects for corporate systems integration initiative, creating business requirement documents, customizing change control requests, and working with PMO leadership in order to track various work streams simultaneously.  • Performed extensive research and comparative analysis on internal application and client account identification data in order to execute various strategic initiatives and reports within company compliance standards.  • Evaluated performance of End to End testing and validation of results between cross-functional teams, leading all status meetings and determining action items for next steps.  • Implemented the identification and tracking of functional defects for timely test case resolution and remediation within established project schedules.  • Coordinated with stakeholders in order to track overall technology product deployment schedules, dress rehearsals, and release dates.  • Led formal change control and PMO funding request discussions with LOB partners for various cases such as application feature/function additions and client account migration modifications.  • Effectively managed projects deliverables within appropriate BDS Client Data Portal and MLQC, highlighting all milestone details, scope, progress, dependencies, sponsors, risks/issues, and funding approvals.  • Reviewed and approved external/ internal client communications, ensuring consistent company branding, compliance, and accuracy of content. Corporate Risk Project Manager Robert Half Technology - Charlotte, NC April 2016 to January 2017 • Provided Project Management support to Efficiency & Effectiveness 2020: Moving the Lines initiative, collecting essential internal compliance data, evaluating all related risk program assessments, determining business resource needs, confirming risk impacts, and developing contingency plans for successful team member/ risk asset transitions.  • Created standard PMO Change Control process and tailored all relevant tools/ templates for project governance and methodology to be used for all future projects.  • Worked directly with various Operational Risk & Compliance Managers in order to define all future state target-operating models, determine all transitioning risk artifacts, and perform complex data analysis methods.  • Developed Change Management and Transition Plans for the implementation of new organizational process structure, negotiation of project schedule/ requirements, and the planning of detailed project activities/ phases.  • Collaborated with compliance risk support team partners in order to identify the impacts of organizational changes, create mitigation plans for all risks, and follow appropriate escalation paths for funding requests.  • Created and managed various processes & tools such as project plans, transition calendars, impact assessments, process flows, data collection databases, and approval processes for overall project governance methods. IT Project Manager AT&T Services, Inc - Atlanta, GA June 2013 to March 2016 • Managed an average of 10 medium to large complex global IT infrastructure projects simultaneously through all implementation phases, working directly with clients, contractors, technicians, and various internal teams to meet specified budget/ schedule requirements, create project plans, and execute project deliverables.  • Successfully executed 50 site AVPN Ethernet migration project for national healthcare provider, closing project $15k under budget and within all projected completion dates.  • Supported custom network design development and software/ application configuration for quality assurance in order to ensure optimal capabilities and product stability for all end users.  • Effectively directed executive level expedites and escalations for high priority projects with strict deadlines and various associated risks.  • Provided leadership to project team of 12 key stakeholders for the full implementation of 42 site Ethernet Managed Internet Service (MIS) migration and computer information system adhering to all approved scope, schedule, and cost baselines.  • Recommended necessary preventive and/ or corrective actions to direct the analysis and solutions of any specific configuration, construction, process, scheduling, or service issues.  • Allocated appropriate resources and time for implementing various IT, migration, network infrastructure, and construction projects with additional detailed technical services.  • Acted as team lead with internal group of 7 team members for new product pilot, developing standard training materials, creating process guidelines, and confirming best practices, resources, and methods for various services.  • Directed training, mentoring, and on-boarding process for new hire groups of 25+ individuals, contributing to PMO Center of Excellence and organizational process assets. Education Master of Business Administration in Project Management Colorado Technical University - Denver, CO Bachelor of Arts University of North Carolina at Greensboro - Greensboro, NC