Freelance IT Project Manager | Scrum Master | UX Expert Freelance <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> | Scrum Master | UX Expert Glendale, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Freelance IT Project Manager | Scrum Master | UX Expert Self Employed September 2013 to Present Responsibilities  - Manage project timeline, scope, resources and ensure projects implementation are meeting expectations across the business.  - Control process-flow of the projects.  - Implement various analysis to improve processes and increase team efficiency.  - Provided strategic leadership, project management and business analysis support.  - Planned, executed, monitored and tracked multiple projects under strict deadlines. - Wireframing and prototyping.  - Estimate project scope and budget.  - Participate in company procedure changes.  - Gather and develop business and technical requirements.  - Work with internal development team to execute against requirements.  - Ensure projects are launched according to published schedules.  - Keep business owners up to date on project status and potential issues.  - Support development team in executing on technical product requirements. - Strong written and oral communication skills.  - Strong attention to detail, follow-through, and organizational skills.  - High analytics, logical and good problem-solving skills Remote IT Project Manager Appsolutemedia LLC December 2013 to June 2015 Responsibilities  - Worked with functional/technical team to deliver MVP.  - Managed all product related technical questions with clients and internally.  - Strong project management skills to oversee multiple projects with a focus on product quality and deadlines.  - Ability to work and lead multi-functional teams.  - Worked with in-house designers and development teams.  - Created wireframes and prototypes.  - Created project spec documentation.  - Managed stakeholders. Project Manager | Scrum Master BigBek LLC June 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities  - Participated in every phase of the project development life cycle.  - Oversaw all aspects of core project development including business objectives, technical direction, quality assurance, status reports to stakeholders.  - Led and organized meetings between project stakeholders, IT resources and 3rd party vendors.  - Applies and shared best practices of Agile (Scrum and Kanban) methodologies and waterfall framework.  - Performed in-depth QA testing by verifying data and functions were correct in all aspects of the application, including DB testing, web-service testing, front-end functional testing.  - Coached QA and PMs.  - Solved conflicts. QA & Project Coordinator BigBek LLC September 2011 to June 2012 Responsibilities  - Set bug tracking tool (Basecamp)  - Implemented best practices for quality assurance for web and mobile projects  - Adopted a detail-oriented approach to complete UAT  - Tested the implementation code on PC, Mobile and Tablets  - Reported and managed bugs in bug tracking tool  - Assisted development team in activities such as load testing, stress testing (By JMeter) and functional testing (By Selenium)  - Created manual and automate test scenarios Education Master of Science American University of Armenia Skills It Project Management (5 years), Scrum (2 years), Quality Assurance (1 year), User Experience Design (2 years), Wireframing (3 years), Budgeting (3 years), Process Improvement (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/samveldarbinyan Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master(CSM) January 2015 to Present Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) February 2015 to Present Additional Information Motivated IT Project Manager | Scrum master skilled in requirements gathering, wireframing ,costs estimation, coaching and leading. Managing short and long-term projects with co-located and distributed teams. Determined to deliver high-quality and user-friendly products to the market as quickly as possible. Certified Scrum Master and Scrum Product Owner.