Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Information Security Engineer / Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Consultant / Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager - Slater Technologies, Inc Chicago, IL Mr. Slater's career has been characterized by both professional excellence and consistently reliable, high quality work performance. His technical background is both broad and deep, and has excellent skills, knowledge and experience in cybersecurity, Data Centers, infrastructure, software development and service management. He is an excellent leader and strategic thinker who will tactically engage and accomplish objectives on a timely basis. He adeptly communicates the business value of whatever he plans, and then executes on that plan. During his projects, he regularly reports the results to senior staff, stakeholders, and team members. He leads by example and is a results-driven, people-oriented technical manager who can effectively build, lead, and motivate high performance teams to meet and usually exceed customer expectations. Mr. Slater has often been chosen to assume the leadership of complex projects that were in trouble and boldly done so, organizing and driving his Team to successful while rising to meet and usually exceed the expectations of his sponsors and stakeholders. He has a coaching-mentoring style of leadership with the innate ability to build and lead high-performance, diverse Teams using the Peter Senge Learning Team Model. Mr. Slater has worked in some of the world's most demanding IT environments; among these are JLL, IBM Global Security Services, British Petroleum, the U. S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Microsoft, Technisource, and the United States Air Force. Each of these environments presented unique, high-pressure, high-visibility challenges that not only required intelligence, skills, experience and integrity, but they were demanding in ways that required creativity, adaptability and flexibility. Mr. Slater possesses exceptional skills in leadership, communication, technical abilities, and time management, and is a highly reliable, well-rounded, seasoned IT professional that can quickly adapt to and add extraordinary value to any organization. Mr. Slater is also an internationally recognized and published author, professor, and presenter on various cybersecurity topics such as risk management, vulnerability management, infrastructure security, compliance, cyberwarfare, data center security, and social engineering.    Provided oversight and action for the following for three Regions: Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific  • Security Incident Management - Managed security incidents and threats to the Client's systems and information assets  • Change Management - Raised appropriate change records, follow the change management procedures & ensure change records are appropriately approved by the Client.  • Problem Management - Analyzed problem records that are raised and escalate to management as appropriate  • Annual Security Policy and Standards Review Performed review of information security controls and security checks of system configuration  • System Health Checking - Performed review of systems to ensure compliance with Service Delivery documents  • Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management - Created and managed the Global Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management programs  • User Revalidation/Privileged Access/Staff Termination/Physical Security Review - User reports to validate security access levels for the Client' employees, systems & information assets.  Responsibilities:  1. Regional Security Contact / Subject Matter Expert:  2. Overseas platform specific Security Programs: Mainframe, Midrange, Intel, Desktop and Network related.  3. Enterprise Security Management  4. Investigation/Incident Management  5. Security Training  6. Risk Management  7. Vulnerability Management  8. Threat Management  9. Change Management  10. Compliance Management Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL July 2016 to Present Chicago, IL) July 2016 - Present  Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager (Full time position)  Am currently providing all security-related services for Supernova, a FinTech company based in Downtown Chicago, IL. These include:  • Security Event and Incident Management - Managing security incidents and threats to the Client's systems and information assets.  • Change Management - Raising appropriate change records, follow the change management procedures & ensure change records are appropriately approved by the Client.  • Problem Management - Analyzing problem records that are raised and escalate to management as appropriate  • Annual Security Policy and Standards Review Performed review of information security controls and security checks of system configuration.  • Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management - Create and manage manage the Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management programs.  • User Revalidation/Privileged Access/Staff Termination/Physical Security Review - User reports to validate security access levels for the Client' employees, systems & information assets.  • Compliance Management - preparation for SSAE 16 / SOC 2 Assessment.  • Business Resiliency Planning and Management - Creation and maintenance of Business Continuity Plans and Disaster Recovery Plans.  • Identity Access Management (IAM) - Research and design of IAM methods that involve SAML 2 for secure authentication management in disparate distributed web-based applications that exist in AWS and in a business partner's infrastructure.  • Penetration Testing - Perform Black Box penetration testing on Cloud-based IT infrastructure and applications to uncover and document existing vulnerabilities for remediation.  • Risk Assessment and Risk Management Activities - Perform risk assessments on IT infrastructure, web applications, vulnerabilities, and threats.  • Weekly Security Reports for the Organization - Including .Threat Analysis, Vulnerability Analysis, Current Topics in Information Security, and Information Security Awareness.  • Research and Recommendations on Current and Emerging Vulnerabilities and Threats. Sr. IT Consultant / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL March 2012 to Present Working as a senior IT consultant/ Project Manager on projects related to information security, compliance, security reviews, risk management, and auditing. Also provided consultations as a subject matter expert on projects with Data Center vendors and other local businesses. Also, directly involved with writing proposals and providing technical guidance to help staffing companies win multi-million dollar, five-year contracts to sell program management services in infrastructure security, software development and infrastructure deployment. Working on Cybersecurity projects, including Business Resiliency assessments, formal risk assessments (NIST, ISO 27001, HIPAA, PCI, and COBIT), creation and automation of risk management frameworks, security audits, and a fast-track ISO 27001 implementation project for a software company to achieve ISO 27001 certification in 2013. Recent Clients: GoHealth, Accretive Solutions, Offisol Corporation, HCSC, IPSOS, Synovate, Panduit, Caveon, and CAPSIM Management Solutions. Delivery Project Executive / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL August 2015 to June 2016 Chicago, IL) August 2015 - June 2016  Delivery Project Executive / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager (Full time position)    This Global Security Manager / Consultant role provided a single internal point of contact for local Americas Regional security Service Delivery Managers, facilitating a direct and integrated working relationship. This was a key role for the Vendor Security Team, serving the Client as the deliver management focal for operational governance and overseeing the day to day activities as they relate to Security Services. Reported to the Global CISO, Global GTO, and the Global Services Project Executive. Education M.S. in Cybersecurity Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE 2013 MBA in MBA University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2010 Certification Data Center Technology 2008 M.S. in Computer Information Systems University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2004 Marist College - Poughkeepsie, NY Air Force Air University - Maxwell AFB, AL B.S. in Engineering Technology Squadron Officers School - Memphis, TN Links http://billslater.com/career http://billslater.com/interview http://www.linkedin.com/in/billslater Additional Information Specialties:  Information Security, IT Security, Cloud Computing, Cybersecurity, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity, Crisis Management, Business Resiliency, Business Analysis, System Analysis, IT Infrastructure Management, Technical Architecture, Data Center Operations, Data Center Development, Cyberforensics, Cyberwarfare, Social Engineering, Risk Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, IT Change Management, Application System Development, Database Administration, Data Architecture, Technical Service Development, Service Management and Service Transition, Technical Leadership, and Technical Training    Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2003, Windows 2000 Server , Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Terminal Server 4.0, IOS, Citrix Metaframe 1.8, , RedHat Linux, Fedora Linux, UBUNTU Linux, SUSE Linux, AIX 5.4L, HP-UX, OpenVMS.  Networks and Protocols: TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, BGP4, EIGRP, OSPF, RIP, RIP2, Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, HTTP, SNMP, SMTP, POP3, DNS, DHCP, DLC, RAS, PPTP, PPP, IPSec, SSL, WPA2, L2TP, EAP, and RDP.  Hardware: Servers from these vendors: IBM, HP, Dell Servers, Digital, RS/6000, Sun Cobalt Qube; Laptops, IBM-PC Compatibles from 8088 to Intel i7. Nokia Lumia 920 & 1020, Dell Latitude 10 Tablet, and Microsoft Surface Pro. Small computers: Raspberry Pi - Model B, Arduino. Also Wireless Routers, Wireless Access Points and other wireless networking devices: 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n. Other hardware includes: Cisco VPN Concentrators, Cisco Routers, Cisco Catalyst Switches, HP-UX RISC Workstations, VAX, Network Applications NAS and SAN Storage Device (150 TB), RAID 0, 1, RAID 5, 10 disk arrays, network interface cards, modems, switches, hubs, SCSI, IBM 30XX, tape drives, etc.  Software and Utilities: MS Visio (certified), MS Project (certified), MS Word MS Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Remedy, Microsoft Operations Manager, MS Project Server (certified), MS Sharepoint Server, Wireshark, Channelizer, Inssider, Ethereal, Splunk, Backtrack, NMAP, OWASP, BP Global Change Management System (GCMS), TCP/IP, SNORT, Nessus, PuTTY, Samba Server, DNS, DHCP, WINS, Active Directory, FTP Server, NMAP, MS Exchange Server, MS Internet Information Server, HP OpenView Network Node Manager, Network Associates Sniffer, MS FrontPage, Compaq Insight Manager, Citrix Metaframe, MS Internet Explorer, PaintShop Pro, Norton 360, Norton Anti-Virus, McAfee.  Security-related Tools: Netsparker, Shodan, ZAP, AlertLogic, Qualys, Nmap, IBM MSS VMS, Kali Linux, Burp Suite, WireShark, Kaspersky, Nessus, MBSA, Metasploit, Splunk, QRadar, TCPDump, Unicornscan, OpenVAS, Fping, Hping, Wapiti, Wfetch, SET, and Sysinternals.  Networking Devices: Switches (managed and unmanaged), Cisco ASA, PaloAlto Firewalls, Cisco Clean Assess Network Access Control Device, 802.11b/g/n routers and wireless access points, Riverbed Steelhead devices, CSU/DSU's, DSL Modems, Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches, VPN Concentrators, Ethernet network interface cards, and 802.11a/b/g/n network interface cards.  Development Tools and Platforms: PERL, Java, Java J2EE, C++, SQL, Visual Basic .NET (VB.NET), ASP, ASP.NET, IIS, Visual Studio 2003, 2005, and 2008, Visual Basic 6, C#,, Python, VBScript, JavaScript, KIXStart, UML, XML, HTML, and C.  Databases: SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2000, Oracle, MS Access, Oracle Rdb.  Data Center Automation Tasks, Tools & Experience:  Have used several tools to automate the management of tasks required to efficiently manage a modern Data Center. Visit http://billslater.com/datacentermanager/WFS_Data_Center_Automation_Tasks_and_Tools_2009_.htm for a complete three-page list of Tasks and Tools.