Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Interface Web School Omaha, NE Accomplished IT professional with 15 years of experience in company administration looking for a challenging position in IT Systems where I can use my skills to improve professional functionality. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Interface Web School 2015 to Present Perform regular and scheduled observation of instructional staff with follow-up conferences.  ? Evaluate student performance and provide feedback and appropriate follow-up.  ? Project Management of all IWS projects  ? SharePoint Administrator  ? Course Experience Manager and also in charge of Student and Alumni Engagement. Implementation Engineer OPPD / Advance Services 2014 to 2015 Implementation of Windows 7 for the Omaha Public Power District's corporate employees.  Implementation project specialist and consultative services for XP OS to Win 7 OS project.  ? Windows System Administrative tasks for all OPPD desktops including, backing up of data, cleaning hard drives, applying images to machines, applying software packages through SCCM, Active Directory and manual installation of software applications. Software fixes and work arounds. Adding of printers and peripheral devices for the users. Troubleshooting and repair of all aspects of desktops and laptops to make sure of their operation and network connectivity so that everything was in optimum working order. Ensuring that all personal data and software has been restored to the business partner's satisfaction. Replacing, changing out, and upgrading any hardware components as needed. Change and ticket resolution in a timely manner. Remote and hands on support of any follow up issues to resolve them.  ? NRC (Nuclear Regulatory Commission) Completed testing and licensing for unescorted access to Nuclear power plants and protected areas.  ? NERC (North American Electric Corporation) Completed testing and certification, which addresses the security and handling of cyber assets essential to the reliable operation of the electric power grids. Authorized to view and handle Critical Cyber Assets and have unescorted physical access to them. IT Account Manager / Project Manager Yahoo Inc 2013 to 2014 Project Management with the ability to work with scope and to lead teams of up to 10 people, which included organizing teams, planning and executing projects for new products, MS Exchange, and Mobile Device Support.  ? IT Account Management of complex client e-mail, advanced DNS and web hosting inquiries through use of remote and direct support tools.  ? Restoration of websites, troubleshooting of code and bugs as required. Restoration of email to Sid, Silo and Citrix Farm through use of queries and scripts to retrieve the needed data to perform restorations. Diagnosed and corrected complex site and email problems. Performed needed database repairs for SQL database and tables to restore function. Performed snapshot backups. Restoration of websites from backups and troubleshooting of code and bugs as required.  ? SEO and Website optimization using Google Analytics, Google Add Words, Pay per Click, Keyword Optimization, Research and Analysis, Content Creation, Meta Descriptions and Tags, Yahoo Local Works and Traffic Optimization to advertise the customer's site across multiple search engines. Knowledge of HTML and hosting languages. Tracking and analytics and SEM search marketing.  ? Use of multiple applications and products for Small Business customers (up to 500), as well as, Large Merchants (over 500 employees) Consulted with inventory management and advised clients on products and services to provide the desired results to optimize the client's sites and email services.  ? Effectively articulated all complex information to a variety of technical teams and non-technical clients. IT Account Manager / Project Manager Collabera for Yahoo, LaVista, NE 2012 to 2012 See Job Description for Yahoo Systems Administrator / IT Site Director / Project Manager Insight Global for Molex - Lincoln, NE 2012 to 2012 Responsible for all aspects of IT operations for 3 separate Molex manufacturing plants.  ? Provided direct support and consulting services for a large network consisting of Servers, PC's, Laptops, Engineering Workstations, Thin-Clients, Wireless Access Points, Telephone Equipment, Printers, Scanners and all other IT devices within the 3 plant locations.  ? Responsible for all general applications with Bar Coding and RF Equipment, Virtual applications, VMware ESX Server, SCCM, Citrix using Royal TS, Active Directory, SAP AG, ERP, CRM and automation software and services.  ? Administration of LAN and trouble shooting. Networking equipment (switches, wireless access points, printing, servers etc. Network monitoring, Backup and Restore using Avamar, server patching, support for Avaya Phone System. Repair/replace network hardware components. Provide I.S. support for 24x7 manufacturing facility. Optimization of all elements of the local network, Network monitoring and management, desktop support of at least 2000 users.  ? Project Management and overseeing of trials and new implementations of equipment and machinery. Defined scope to meet goals and objectives of each project, including the Migration of Win XP OS to Win 2007 OS, Migration of their MS Office products to MS Office 2010, headed an Open Office Project, which saved Molex 50K in licensing fees at their Lincoln locations, and headed a project to upgrade the computer systems for all of the forklifts.  ? In charge of all IT inventory, ordering and procurement of hardware and software for the IT department.  ? Creation of technical documentation for user instruction and other resources within Molex. Data Center Associate / Systems Administrator Wipro / Infocrossing - Omaha, NE 2011 to 2011 Use of a variety of tools and resources to monitor system readiness and report status changes when needed, including CA Service Desk Suite and Spectrum. Managed and created user accounts using Active Directory. Managed and configured Server 2003-2008. Use of numerous Operating Systems, XP, 2007, as well as Citrix, VMware ESX Server Virtual Applications.  ? Support, monitoring and management, all types of servers, switches and routers imaginable, from Dell PowerEdge, Big IP switches, to Cisco routers at Omaha's largest Data Center. Monitored and managed data center equipment with both remote support and hands on support as needed. Scheduled backups, Incident and Problem Management. Server patching, Server Builds and Server Decommissioning. Basic troubleshooting of network routers and switches as well as application maintenance using tools, such as, CA Service Desk Manager and Spectrum Operations Center. Maintained the data center's extensive software library. Respond to all automated system alerts in a timely manner via ticketing system, such as, Remedy, (i)Tracker, idesk, and CA Service Desk, Spectrum and InfoPACC. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE September 2010 Associate's in Applied Science Electronics Technology Metro Community College - Omaha, NE November 2003 Cisco Networking Academy for CCNA 2002 Iowa Western Community College 1999 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Altiris, SCCM, MS Windows XP-2010, Hardware and Software Replacement support for 2000+users, Desktop Imaging, Mobile device support for Droid, Mac and Tablets, Network Cabling, Cloud, NAS, Printing devices and peripherals, Project Management, SAP, IIS, NT and NTFS, Win Server 2003 - 2012r2, MS Exchange, Active Directory, Citrix, VM, Royal TS, Zen Apps, Remote Support, Cisco Router Configuration, Cisco Switch Configuration, C++, Visual Basic, HTML, SQL, LINUX, DOS, Visio, System Analysis and Design, Data Management, Systems backup and Restore, Avamar Backup, Spectrum, Symantec, Firewalls, SQL Server, Mainframe, Bridges, Wireless Technologies, VoIP, MS Office, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, SharePoint, Mail Client configuration, VPNs, TCP/IP, OSPF, DNS, DHCP, Radio Frequency Technologies, Ethernet Backhaul Testing and Acceptance, WAN / LAN, and IP, Inventory Management, Procurement, Server Monitoring. Ticketing systems: CA Service Desk, Service Manager, and Remedy.