IT Project Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Engineer IT Project Engineer - SKY DEVICES, Inc Miami, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Engineer SKY DEVICES, Inc - Miami Beach, FL February 2016 to Present • Ensure data accuracy and regulatory compliance collecting device's technical information directly from manufacturers.  • Complete projects within scheduling restraints performing status evaluations daily.  • Lead technical testing process of individual projects to agile project complexion and customer satisfaction.  • Validate product functionality and specifications against organizational minimum quality standards.  • Approve new device projects for massive production after closely reviewing minimum functionality requirements compliance to lower after sales returns.  • Analyze Testing Device Process and redesign for improvement. Junior Project Manager - Internship SACO TRADING, LLC - Doral, FL March 2015 to July 2015 • Analyzed and redesigned existing operational process increasing performance in around 60% of weekly production.  • Led team of 15 workers through new process structure guiding doubts and concerns to provide confidence.  • Set daily project progress in MS Project planned sheet to ensure accomplishment of weekly team activities.  • Documented and suggested improvement in project process based on customers' and project portfolio requirements  • Developed a training manual having detailed information about every phase in the process and activities involved for incoming members. Technical Support Engineer CARRIERHOUSE, C.A - Miami, FL March 2012 to July 2014 • Supervised reliability and optimal performance of customers' connections with network devices by supporting configuration, maintenance and problem resolution of live connections  • Improved customer's location and documentation database ensuring accuracy and reliable customer satisfaction.  • Set up a customer service activity framework to diligently solved customer's requirements decreasing customer complaints.    RELEVANT KNOWLEDGE AREAS  • Systems and Database Analysis and Design, Data Warehousing Architectures, ETL Tools, Big Data concepts and tools.  • Business Process Analysis and Redesign, UML and BPMN processes modeling frameworks, Conceptual & Logical modeling, Analysis and design of business process for automation.  • Business Analytics Application, Pattern discovery, Data Mining basics, Techniques and Applications.  • Computer Communications and Networking Technologies, Mobile Computing and Technologies (GSM Architectures and Sensor Networks), Network Security and Information Security Management. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Florida International University - Miami, FL December 2016 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Dr. Rafael Belloso Chacín University October 1999