Sr. Network and Project Engineer/ Manager Sr. Network and <span class="hl">Project</span> Engineer/<span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Network and Project Engineer/ Manager Thompson, CT Determined and passionate Engineer/ Manager with the drive to constantly learn new ways of implementing technology. I have excelled quickly throughout my career and have been through a merger over the past year. Implemented a variety of devices during my time including servers, routers, switches, VoIP systems, MDM and patching. Currently focused on expanding my knowledge as an engineer while also improving on my management/leadership skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Network and Project Engineer/ Manager Open Sky Community Services - Worcester, MA December 2017 to Present ·  Support 1300+ employees  ·  Assist with the deployment of network equipment at new sites  ·  Troubleshoot network hardware (SonicWalls, FortiGates, Switches, Meraki and Ubiquiti WAPs and Allworx VoIP system)  ·  Supervise and Manage Helpdesk (Team of 4)  ·  Provide higher level, tier 3 support on Helpdesk Tickets  ·  Manage AirWatch MDM for smartphones and tablets  ·  Deploy and manage Ubiquiti WIFI solutions  ·  Manage and maintain server infrastructure in coordination with our consulting company  ·  Manage the patching and application deployment software and Anti-Virus on all machines  ·  Manage system analysis studies, incorporating client feedback, system problems, policy changes, and emerging technologies.  ·  Mentors team members on technical issues  ·  Implemented and maintained a Microsoft WDS imaging solution  ·  Assists in the development and implementation of training plans and provide ongoing technology and software-based training as needed.   ·  Assisted in the migration of Exchange server to O365  ·  Leads multiple projects to lower IT expenses, improve customer service, and maximize IT resources.  Build relationships with vendors for current and future projects IT Help Desk Administrator Open Sky Community Services - Whitinsville, MA July 2016 to December 2017 • Support 600+ employees.  • Provide tier 1 and 2 technical support to all employees through tickets that come in by email or phone.  • Remote management of Servers, EHR System (eHana), Workstations and allworx VoIP.  • Document processes of projects for future reference. Education Bachelor of Science in Cyber Security in Cyber Security/Network Engineering New England Institute of Technology - East Greenwich, RI September 2017 Skills MDM Airwatch (3 years), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (4 years), CISCO Routers and Switches (2 years), TCP/IP (3 years), OSI Model (2 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Project Management (2 years), Office 365 (1 year), Desktop Troubleshooting (4 years), Windows Server 2003 - 2016 (4 years), ConnectWise Manage and Automate (1 year), Allworx VoIP (3 years), Microsoft Terminal Services (1 year), Powershell (3 years), Ubiquiti (1 year), Microsoft Windows Deployment Services (1 year), Advanced Problem Solving (3 years), Mergers & Acquisitions (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CCNA Routing and Switching July 2017 to July 2020 Additional Information • Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) - Routing and Switching  • TestOut - Security Pro  • OSHA 10