Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator Pottstown, PA I am seeking to become an integral member of a professional team with opportunities to grow professionally and personally by utilizing previous experiences, skills, and knowledge in the discipline of project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator SLM Facilities Solutions Nationwide - Green Lane, PA 2018 to Present ? Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules, work hours, budgets and expenditures.  Organizing, attending and participating in stakeholder meetings.  ?Documenting and following up on important actions and decisions from meetings.  Preparing necessary presentation materials for meetings.  ? Ensuring project deadlines are met.  ? Determining project changes.  ? Providing administrative support as needed.  ? Undertaking project tasks as required.  ? Developing project strategies.  ? Ensuring projects adhere to frameworks and all documentation is maintained appropriately for each project.  ? Assess project risks and issues and provide solutions where applicable.  ? Ensure stakeholder views are managed towards the best solution.  ? Create a project management calendar for fulfilling each goal and objective. IT Coordinator SMG World - Conshohocken, PA 2018 to 2018 ? Institute protocols for the use of IT across departments and provide direction for improved utilization.  ? Provide technical support for systems and networks. Including installation and configuring software and hardware.  ? Monitor system and network performance, perform troubleshooting, data restoration, and maintenance activities.  ? Collaborate with other professionals to maintain standards and functionality and act as link between end users and higher-level support.  ? Implement end user training on IT programs such as Microsoft Office 365.  ? Active participant in department meetings with initiative to seek positive quality improvement through analysis of current practices with vision for optimizing work performance and decreasing waste. Security Supervisor Officer DSI Security - Pottstown, PA 2017 to 2018 Shift lead which supervises the security team of approximately twenty employees to ensure the standards of service, knowledge, and quality performance are met.  ? Delegate tasks to security officers and take initiative to resolve problems or issues presented during shift.  ? Follow department policies, procedures, and adhere to all safety policies.  ? Developed and implemented training program for new security officers.  ? Monitor electronic surveillance equipment used on the premises.  ? Perform accurate documentation related to incidences that occur as well as ensure that proper communication with senior leadership team is achieved concurrently. Jr Project Manager Apex Systems/Verizon Business - Richardson, TX 2015 to 2016 Ability to manage and negotiate with required internal and external organizations.  ? Execute and maintain project management processes in the areas of project schedule, quality management, communications management, risk management, and change management.  ? Support client's credo through adherence to company policies, processes, and practices.  ? Develop and maintain project schedules with the input and assistance of transition leads.  ? Facilitate team meetings, providing meeting minutes, and action items where needed.  ? Build strong communication channels with internal stakeholders in various departments: Sales, Professional Services, IT Operations, Development teams, Release Management, and Networking.  ? Track tasks assigned to the project team and prepare regular status reports. Responsible for tracking project changes and producing updated schedules.  ? Prepare and document Day 1/Day 2 support documentation and acceptance criteria. Education Associate in Specialized Technology Degree in Electronic and Network Engineering Technology Pace Institute - Reading, PA 2012 Skills Scheduling, Outlook, maintenance, Estimating