IT Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> Coordinator IT Coordinator - Friendwell Group of Companies Work Experience IT Coordinator Friendwell Group of Companies - Edison, NJ May 2018 to Present ?     Work with both internal and external stakeholders to the programme, including staff, partners, residents, technical advisers and communications experts to drive up standards of project management in areas identified as needing change and improvement  ?     Provide advice on the management of aspects of key project  ?     Providing professional expertise in various ad-hoc projects  ?     Suggesting and procuring business software according to company needs, as well as becoming the point of contact for software vendors and outside IT consultants  ?     Responsible for product delivery management. Renegotiated pricing with vendors, reducing of materials costs.  ?     Ability to work with a degree of flexibility required to perform work not specifically referred to   ?     Introduced & taught Agile, functional testing, performance testing, test case management & product backlog management.  ?     Facilitated Agile Adoption Retrospective for the organization with the leadership and guided teams with outcome resulting in enhanced performance. Project Coordinator Hare Krishna Fuel LLC - North Brunswick, NJ January 2015 to May 2018 ?     Assisted in Project Planning, Quality Assurance, and Quality Control, Scheduling and Task Delegation  ?     Implemented the design and development of major functional and performance enhancements for existing products  ?     Translate technical concepts into non-technical terms for a wider audience Intern Assistant Project Manager Vaishnvi Fuel LLC - Lawrenceville, NJ October 2014 to December 2014 ?     Assisted with Windows based operating systems for office use and development  ?     Facilitate with the creation of extensions to existing programs and augmented new features along with performance improvements.  ?     Assisted in Budget Planning, Benchmarking, Operations and Performance Review Education BS in project management Rutgers University September 2014 to May 2018 Skills Microsoft Project (3 years), Project Management (3 years), Agile (3 years), Scrum (1 year), Excel Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) February 2018 to February 2021 Scrum Alliance