Project Coordinator/ Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/<span class="hl">Manager</span> Dayton, OH Work Experience Project Coordinator/ Manager Business Champion 2017 to Present Project Coordinator II Comcast Business - West Chester, OH May 2015 to Present Field Services Operations  Comcast Business    Experience:  Plan, organize, and oversee telecommunications and IT services for a nationwide portfolio of large, national brand-name companies and government facilities. Assigned to work on designated projects to ensure that the goals and objective of the project are accomplished within the prescribed time frame and funding requirements to customer satisfaction. This includes consulting with senior management and evaluation of requirements to determine the goals, time frame, resources, funding limitations, and technical requirements.    Proactively managing site network installations and providing technical training needed to identify opportunities for service delivery including adherence to project network implementation plans approved by the project executive and customer.    Coordinates the purchase and delivery of the necessary technical materials needed to complete the assigned work at each client location. (e.g., Scissor lifts, trenching equipment, cabling, conduit, cabling, and panduit). IT Service Desk Specialist Sinclair Community College - Dayton, OH February 2014 to December 2014 Experience:  Service desk assistance and support for the IT Labs and classrooms on Sinclair's Dayton campus troubleshooting hardware and software problems for users.    Installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of Autodesk Suite and Microsoft Office applications providing end-user support.    Troubleshooting and repair of business grade Multifunction/All-in-one printers, scanners, and fax.    Monitor and resolve IT problem tickets, review status reports, and follow-up with coordinators.    Diagnose, interpret, and resolved problems in response to customer incidents and issues.    Responsible for multiple College Computer Laboratory tune-ups and diagnostics.    Achievements & Certifications Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science University of Cincinnati 2017 to 2020 Management, Project Management, and Crisis Management Harvard Business School January 2017 to July 2017 Links http://linkedin.com/in/william-avery-147a502b