IT Manager/ Project Manager/Network Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Network Administrator Express IT Manager - Lonestar College New Caney, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/ Project Manager/Network Administrator Sign-Express - Spring, TX July 2018 to Present educator. I provision parts for every LED sign we build. I program every LED sign in our factory and in the field. Coordinate electrical repairs and IT service for clients. Provide networking support for all clients in need of "making  CONTACT it just work", sometimes it is involved depending on client's network.  Most IT people do not want to touch our hardware and try to get us to PHONE:  do everything for them. Which has me working on basic networks to  903-245-5460  complicated VLANed Cisco networks. I design new LED products from the ground up. Currently creating the SOW - Sign on Wheels. An  EMAIL:  outdoor LED sign that is battery powered and can be wheeled in austindewolfe@gmail.com  position to provide ultra HD messages for our clients. I train people in the software we use and make to accomplish all our lofty LED sign  HOBBIES goals.  Driving  Reverse Engineering I handle all our warranties. Coordinate with project management to Self-Education ensure educated clients. Coordinate field service technicians, and act  Space as a field service technician for escalated cases. Coordinate the sign  Meditation building electrical department for innovative designs, lifespan  extending building methods, and general scheduling.    They also sell signs on my good rapport with clients recommending our  product simply for the quality of support.    1  • Reverse engineering existing sign softwares and antennae  software. Then reimplementing it in new ways.  • Management of our website Sales and IT InoVapor - Kingwood, TX September 2017 to March 2018 This started as a sales job while I was in college. It quickly evolved to managing inventory and all IT needs of the business. I also wrote some  code to help with inventory management. IT Support Technician Ad Valorum Records August 2016 to March 2017 • Desktop, network, and server support for around 100 clients  • Internal server and network support of our inhouse data center  • Management of 60 physical server blades with nearly 200 VMs  hosted on them. Mostly through Hyper-V with some VMWare.  • Managed 12 Petabytes of backups, implementing new  techniques and clouded cold storage.  • Load Balancing Network and Database Administrator Internetwork Consulting - Houston, TX October 2014 to December 2015 Managed 1.5 million line VB.NET accounting, billing, parking, and payroll system for a fortune 500 company.    Provided all network, Window's Server, and database administration for over 100 clients in Houston.    Wrote a backup solution from the ground up using WinSCP and Windows SQL Server.    • Extensive Hyper-V and VMWare work  • LAMP Deployments  • Active Directory for all clients. Few had internal IT, we were  their all in one support.  • Watchguard and Sonicwall deployments for every customer.  • Linux/BSD Support  • Asteriks VOIP  • SQL, management and query creation for use in code.  This was my first job after leaving Baylor. I hit the ground running here.  My first day I was sent out on site unsupervised to do desktop support for a mechanic and network support for a hospital. My 2nd day I was  tasked with writing a GUI interface that took in a CSV file with an  irregular number of columns per row and adapt it into a DatagridView.  I had it written in 20 minutes. After it was reviewed my boss was  astounded with the quality of code but told me he need it written in VB.NET as it was written in C#. Having never written in VB.NET I gladly  accepted the next step of this challenge and had it working in VB.NET  in 20 more minutes. I got a $1 raise my 2nd day for this. I worked 10-12  hour days nearly every day, learned so much new technology and developed a fantastic rapport with my clients. If I wasn't on a job site or  writing code I was answering phone calls helping our clients with anything they needed.    About 3 months into this job my boss left for 4 months in a mix of vacation and house hunting. He left me to run the business he had built for the last 8 years just after my 19th birthday. We did very well.    2 Stream Global Services February 2013 to August 2013 This was a call center in my hometown I worked at in high school. I  handled just over 100 calls a day with an average handle time of 4  minutes 30 seconds per call. I was the top performer on the floor every  Stream Global Services  month, except for when my average handle time was so low that it  negatively effected performance reviews based on rubrics. My  manager had to tell me to stop being so good at my job.    When I left for college, they offered me a position as a manager to get  me to stay. It was very tempting, but I knew I wanted to pursue  technology and not middle management. Education BS in EDUCATION Baylor University 2013 to 2014