IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Bronx, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) Gettysburg College - Gettysburg, PA September 2016 to December 2016 Designed an Arduino summer camp for middle school students. Learned the life-cycle of project development. Wrote requirement and specification documentations and designed various difficulty levels of projects considering the backgrounds of the students. Learned the Integrated Development Environment for Arduino and developed software for the hardware interactions. Wrote step-by-step tutorials, ran testing and built a website using CSS Media Queries and Responsive Web Design as a learning tool for the students. Application Developer Intern IT Department - Gettysburg, PA May 2016 to August 2016 Developed an HTML-5 based interactive game "Gettysburg IT Security Interactive Game" using a game engine called Construct 2. Examined algorithms and bugs from previous version and improved overall performance of the game. Modified the logic, Non-Player Character interactions and GUI using AJAX, JQuery, JavaScript and CSS. Worked in an agile environment and coordinated with client. Project Manager Intern Gettysburg Alumni Connection January 2016 to May 2016 Spring 2016  Established a database of Gettysburg College alumni information using phpMyAdmin. Designed and built a website with CRUD interface that allowed users to login, create a new account, build or update their profiles. Developed an advanced search engine in PHP and MySQL that facilitates searching alumni by different attributes.    IT Support Specialist Intern IT Specialist Stanford International English Institute - Shenyang, CN 2014 to 2016 • Configured and maintained PCs, Macs and network within the institute  • Tracked all issues and ensured timely resolution  • Configured and troubleshoot devices including printers, projectors and audio system  • Regularly updated the software and Operating System for computers and mobile devices    Selected coursework: Data Structures, Assembly Language Programming, Enterprise Computing, Survey of Programming Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Gettysburg College - Gettysburg, PA May 2017 Skills Java (3 years), Javascript (3 years), C++ (2 years), PHP (3 years), Microsoft Office (7 years), Public Speaking (8 years), QA (Less than 1 year), It Project Management (1 year) Additional Information Native in English, Mandarin, business level French