IT Project Manager (TPM) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (TPM) Technical Project Manager Aldie, VA ? Over 4 years of experience in designing workflows, evaluating technology to support high performance environments, and working with client companies to implement new technology tools  ? Excellent knowledge and experience in requirement gathering, data analysis, application design, application implementation, documentation and data quality as per different segments of SDLC  ? Excellent knowledge and experience in designing and executing on test scripts, functional, integration and performance  ? Experience in Managing relationships with business customers and maintaining strong working relationships with a cross-functional team that includes managers, technical subject matter experts (SMEs) and developers.  ? Quick Learner with Analytical, Problem Solving, and Time Management Skills.  ? Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to work with many levels of management and across multiple lines of business and corporate functions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (TPM) Keolis Commuter Services - Boston, MA January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  * Assist in QA, testing, and documentation of new releases within the platforms of responsibility.  * Act as the liaison between vendors, Keolis IT and Keolis Departments keeping abreast with software upgrades and functional improvements of current software portfolio and industry trends.  * Ensure content owners are sufficiently trained to perform their accountabilities.  * Challenge established thinking and processes, discover new ways of approaching and providing solutions.  * Follow developed IT Change Management including ability to document changes, workflows and data flows as changes within systems occur.  * Accountable for the process, metrics and transition of current flat reports to Qlik Sense platform.  * Manage costs of development through third parties  * Lead steering committee to determine priorities and order of development  * Remove barriers and escalate/mitigate risks that develop.  * Accountable for continual improvement of the process.  * Provide references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation.  * Provide ad hoc and scheduled training as necessary.  * Communicate risks to stakeholders and project sponsors; escalate issues and risks for mitigation.  * Manage relationships with project stakeholders, including internal and external clients and vendors, keeping stakeholders informed of progress and issues to manage expectations on all project requirements and deliverables.  * Facilitate regularly scheduled project meetings as necessary  * Manage all facets of cross functional projects including: Budget, Project Plan, detailed schedules and milestones, status reporting documents, requirement gathering, summary information in appropriate formats, document repository strategy, team roles and responsibility Business Analyst City of Boston - Boston, MA September 2016 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  * Supported the deployment of Salesforce to replace the City's legacy CRM software through all phases of the software development life cycle.  * Responsibilities include business analysis, technology audits, service request configuration, creating and validating test scripts, coordinating service requests and conducting staff training.  * Utilize the Force.com platform for configuration, requiring familiarity with Lightning and the Salesforce setup menu  * Automate business processes using Workflow Alerts and Actions, Approval Process, Sharing and Validation Rules, Custom Objects, Custom fields, Pick-list, Page Layouts and Custom Tab.  * Configure Dashboards, Custom Reports and Report Folders for different user profiles.  * Work with Salesforce.com Sandbox and production environments, with experience managing full sandbox, developer sandbox and configuration-only sandbox.  * Support Hansen IPS as the City's enterprise permitting application, requiring familiarity with its entity-relationship data model, formula creation, validation rules, page layouts, permission settings, and more.  * Support the deployment of new technologies to enhance mobility and operational data tracking. Associate Project Manager Granite Telecommunications - Quincy, MA September 2015 to March 2016 Responsibilities:  * Maintained regular contact with clients to discuss project progress and address concerns or questions, including making regular visits to client locations to facilitate ongoing work.  * Ensured quality and timeliness of deliverables through issue resolution, regular reports to management, and by developing remediation plans to manage risk factors.  * Resolved customers' concerns with account inquiries including, but not limited to, billing questions, status updates, and service recommendations. Student IT Consultant UMass Boston IT Client Services - Boston, MA November 2014 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  * Served as a liaison between users and IT staff to ensure timeliness of deliverables, and deliverables produced as outlined in project goals  * Created University Required Asset forms and Departmental Transfer documents.  * Assisted with imaging and backing up servers and user data maintain client confidentiality.  * Resolved service requests, escalating to management when appropriate.  * Attended walkthrough meetings with business users and validated customer data to ensure data integrity. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of Massachusetts - Boston, MA Skills Budgeting (Less than 1 year), Hansen (1 year), IPS (1 year), QA (1 year), testing (1 year), Project Management (3 years), SDLC (4 years), PM (3 years), Agile Scrum (3 years), Waterfall (2 years), Scrum Master (2 years), PMP, CSM (4 years), Software Development (3 years), Itil (3 years), Information Technology (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bofghh4kudifahqx Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/j9zggfsko4niathi Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills Summary    • Custom Mobile App Development  • System Migrations/Integrations/upgrades  • Enterprise-wide Implementations  • Requirements Analysis  • Costing & Budgeting  • Project Scheduling  • Testing/QA/Rollout/Support  • Cross-Functional Supervision  • Team Building & Mentoring  • Client Relations & Presentations  • Business & IT Planning  • Vendor Management    Technical Skills  Operating systems Windows, Mac, UNIX  Languages/Technologies Java, Visual Basic, Perl, HTML, XML, SQL  Markup XML/HTML  Databases Oracle, MySQL, MSSQL  Tools MS Visio, MS Project, MS Excel, Tableau, Hansen IPS, Salesforce, Qlik Sense, Service Now, Nprinting