IT Project Manager and Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Business Analyst IT Project Manager and Business Analyst - T-Mobile DIGITS Bellevue, WA • 5 years of experience with providing cradle-to-grave management over large-scale IT projects,  noted for strong analytical, technical, implementation and leadership skills.  • Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills and ability to make decisions in complex and  ambiguous situation. Proactive and highly adept at facilitating discussions and negotiations with  stakeholders.  • Experience in merging customer and user needs with business requirements, budgetary  restrictions and logistical considerations to meet project deliverables.    CORE CAPABILIITIES    • Project Lifecycle Management: Process Analysis & Redesign, Budgeting & Planning, Cost & Resource Estimates, Change Control Management, Risk & Scope Management, Business & IT  Planning, Vendor Management.  • Business Analysis, Techno-Functional & Cross Functional Team Leadership: Joint  Application Development UML diagrams, Generate Trace Matrix, Report Analysis. (JAD)  sessions, walkthroughs, questionnaires.  • Application Architecture Design / Implementation/Problem Solving: Application design,  development, Implementation and System Migrations.  • Documentation/Process Improvement/ Quality Assurance: Use Cases, Sequence Diagrams,  Activity Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Data Flow Diagram, Business requirements document  (BRD), User and Functional Requirement Specifications, Gap Analysis, Test case design,  conduct UAT Session.  • Mentoring / Training: Excel in guiding and mentoring team members and clients.    TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES    • MS Office Suite, MS Excel, MS Project, JIRA, Rally, Scrum.  • Linux, Windows, IOS, MATLAB.  • Good knowledge of C, Core Java, SQL.  • Good understanding of Big Data Hadoop and its components. Work Experience IT Project Manager and Business Analyst T-Mobile DIGITS February 2017 to Present T-Mobile's Web Digits allows a T-Mobile number to work across multiple devices, including other  smartphones, tablets, wearables and even Windows and Mac computers thanks to a browser-based app. T-  Mobile's solution then extends further, mixing in temporary phone numbers, shared phone numbers, and call forwarding features that allow users to support multiple phone numbers on one smartphone. This  way, a user can receive calls made to a mobile number, a work number and even a home number all on one device.    • Working with senior managers to establish direction and goals amongst project team.  • Assigning project team roles and responsibilities to individual members.  • Responsible for providing overall direction and guidance to project teams, and for managing  projects from initiation through to closure.  • Enhance projects performance by managing operational efficiencies, schedule management,  project plans and requirements documentation.  • Serving as a liaison between project managers and external/internal customers to define and clarify project requirements and parameters.  • Create and maintain project schedules.  • Review schedules to ensure quality and minimize risks. Identify and escalate schedule variances.  • Effective communication on project status reports and deliver to higher management and stakeholders.  • Coordination with development team in offshore. Implemented ITIL processes across the team.  • Planning on-call support for various go-live events help team members to prepare documents on for various releases and upgrades. IT Project Manager and Business Analyst, Microsoft eLearning June 2016 to January 2017 Delivered Microsoft Products Learning courses in cloud, classroom, eLearning and related certifications.    • Implement development roadmaps and product guidelines.  • Track development timelines and align with product releases.  • Implement test handoff guides with requirements.  • Track quality activities and resolve bugs with development teams.  • Prepare release documents.  • Prepare error logs if any.  • Communicate to external partners.  • Conduct postmortem for each course and enhance projects performance by managing operational  efficiencies, schedule management, project plans and requirements documentation.  • Create and maintain project schedules for entire FY.  • Review schedules to ensure quality and minimize risks. Identify and escalate schedule variances.  • Effective communication on project status reports and deliver to higher management and stakeholders.  • Coordination with development team in offshore. Business Analyst BSNL - IN December 2013 to May 2015 • Collected enormous data flowing through mobile devices which could be analyzed and visualized for customer behaviors, preferences and movements.  • Analysis of customer demographics and visualization of usage patterns to improve and optimize the telecom services and revenue for the company. Education Master of Science in Engineering Management University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX