Associate Project Manager IT Associate <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> <span class="hl">IT</span> Associate Project Manager IT Rochester, MI I consider myself an engineer broad spectrum, and because of my academic and professional experiences, I have collected not only technical but  also managerial skills, with the main goal to be an active part of a team for innovative projects. Having already worked for 2 of the biggest Italian  international companies, I'd like to work in the US to enlarge my knowledge. I am pursuing a position as a Manager in the IT Engineering or related  field. Work Experience Associate Project Manager IT Enel S.p.a - ROME, IT December 2016 to June 2017 I was member of the "Network Service Mobile" Group, and active part in the evolution of Enel as A Full MVNO. My job was also aimed to scout new  technologies in the IOT field (5G oriented) that, integrated with the MVNO, could help the development of innovative projects.    • Collect and understand all the requirements previous agreed with the supplier (Ericsson) to build the MVNO infrastructure.  • Taking charge of the Lawful Interception part of the development and assure the compliance with the requirements.  • Scouting new Technologies for the coverage of energy production centrals in remote areas with broadband.  • Organizing meeting with suppliers to evaluate solutions at the coverage problem.  • Coordinating the development of a POC in collaboration with Huawei of the MULTEFIRE solution.  • Participating at seminaries about the Blockchain Technology. Junior Project Manager IT TIM S.p.a - ROME, IT October 2015 to November 2016 I worked as a Junior PM in the innovative project of video platform (Enhanced TIM VISION) coordinated by TIM in collaboration with Huawei. I  focused on the improvement of video experience, designing and prototyping an enhanced version of TIM VISION with IP LIVE TV channels and  Smart Features.    • Scheduling of project's milestones trough MS project of a POC.  • Participating to meeting with the TIM Engineering department to acquire knowledge on the TIM Set-Top-Box.  • Coordinating Meeting with Huawei to acquire knowledge on Huawei Live Video Platform.  • Developing PHP code for the authentication on the Huawei Live Video Platform using Public-key Cryptography.  • Managing Tim internal developing team to develop a HTML5 based app able to interact with the Huawei video platform, and stream Live TV  Channels. IT Software Engineer TIM S.p.a - ROME, IT July 2014 to September 2015 I was involved in 2 main Telecom Italia projects (CONSIP 6, Mobile Connect) during the developing and testing phase.    • Testing Automotive Toyota Wireless Module for INTERNET in the Car.  • Prototyping and testing Test Suite for Mobile Connect Javacard Applet (Mobile Connect).  • Gaining good knowledge of Global Platform, 3GPP and ETSI specifications.  • Gaining good knowledge of signatures algorithms (2-3 KEY 3DES-CBC-MAC, AES-128-CMAC, SHA-1-HMAC, HOTP/OATH-OCRA) and developing Java Card Applet with them.  • Developing in team Java Card Applet with appropriate tools (IzyNFC, TortoiseSVN); I've developed a SIM card manage PIN applet (Gestisci  PIN) and a secret Phonebook SIM applet (Rubrica Protetta), for the Telecom Italia project CONSIP 6.  • Creating OTA test list for Mobile Identity Applet, compliant with GSMA standards (Mobile Connect) using SOAP UI.  • Prototyping tests for SIM card applet and debugging with appropriate tools: GPShell.  • Developing Java SE Application for 3DES encryption, ASCII to Hex and Hex to ASCII converter. Intern in Innovation/Research and Prototyping TIM S.p.a - ROME, IT January 2014 to June 2014 I was fully involved in the Project "Wi-Fi authentication using the EAP-SIM/EAP-AKA protocol, with SIM-based and handset-based solutions",  prototyping, realizing and testing all the elements for a real and working POC.    • Taking confidence of Global Platform, 3GPP and ETSI specifications.  • Prototyping and implementation of a RADIUS server for testing Wi-Fi authentication using the EAP-SIM/EAP-AKA protocol, with SIM-based and handset-based solutions.  • Changing and recompiling the Android OS source code for adding EAP-SIM/EAP-AKA protocols.  • Developing 3DES encryption Java Card Applet with Eclipse, testing on SIM card with Gemalto Application Manager 3G and testing/debugging sending APDU commands with PCOM32.  • Monitoring SIM-terminal interactions with Comprion test equipment. Professor Assistant University of Cassino April 2013 to December 2013 I assisted one of my Professors in a project for secure authentication via USB dongle.    • Collecting requirements to develop The USB Security dongle.  • Analyzing e network protocols to create a secure communication via Simulated network.  • Developing a secure communication through a simulation environment. Education English Scuola Superiore Sant'Anna October 2016 Master in Telecommunication Engineering University of Cassino April 2013 Bachelor in Telecommunication Engineering University of Cassino December 2010 bachelor in Design University of Cassino Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/edilio-gennari-bb351739