Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Japan Area Manager Vancouver, WA Driven project manager with broad international experience in IT, construction, security and facility management. Extensive experience in initiating, projects, budgeting, issue resolution, contracting and process improvement. Culturally aware and able to build efficient teams in a diverse work environment. Demonstrated ability to analyze business processes, identify issues, develop creative solutions, and execute projects under budgets. Work Experience Project Manager American Engineering Corp - Tokyo, Japan January 2011 to Present • Responsible for project planning, scheduling and control of activities required to achieve project objectives through preparation of detailed work plans and schedules including the design and preparation of construction drawings, specifications, cost estimates, utility management office review and permitting applications, selection of materials, equipment and services for a wide range of military and civilian projects.  • Responsible for a vital database transition and integration for U.S. Forces Japan Headquarters.  • Lead and supported major international corporations’ security integration for installations, upgrades, and maintenance. Japan Area Manager J&J WORLDWIDE SERVICES- Japan-Wide - Japan-Wide October 2009 to January 2011 • Managed facility expansion and modernization projects ranging in project value from $5K to greater than $400K, by coordinating teams of internal and external professionals from initial planning – engineering /design and procurement activities into project execution & control - construction/commissioning phase and through the transition and efficient preventive maintenance program development.  • Cultivated pivotal relationships with the Army Corps of Engineers, local Command Authority, local utility authority, international vendors, and international clients operating in Japan.  • Developed and implemented market entry plan for Japan:  o Overall strategy, operations cost estimate, market valuation, and risk analysis.  o Secured quality local vendors for materials and construction.  o Created a nationwide support structure for secure contracting in remote locations.  • Managed all aspects of day-to-day facility operations:  o Generated and maintained 5-year plan for all U.S. Army Medical Activities in Japan; 16 facilities on 4 different bases.  o Wrote yearly performance evaluations for 10 operations and logistics staff as well as submitted various performance based awards.  o Successfully passed Joint Commission Accreditation review of all healthcare facilities’ preventive maintenance, facility status, and related documentation that was developed in my tenure.  o Maintained and provided guidance on the development of the operations and logistics budgeting and preventive maintenance database. Project Manager AMERICAN ENGINEERING CORP - Tokyo, JP October 2008 to October 2009 International Business Consultant GCS - Tokyo, JP January 2008 to October 2008 IT Project Manager GOTCHA MEDIA - Tokyo, JP October 2007 to January 2008 Education Master of Business Administration PORTLAND STATE UNIVERSITY - Portland, OR 2007 Bachelor of Science in Organizational Communications EASTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY - Cheney, WA 2005 Skills Project Management • Problem Solving • Material Procurement • Negotiations • Preventive Maintenance • Japanese Language • Construction Management • Professional Presentations Additional Information Currently preparing for PMP Certification  Member of AFCEA International