Functional Team Lead, Senior IT Consultant Functional Team Lead, Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Functional Team Lead, Senior IT Consultant - IBM Corporation- Global Business Services Washington, DC Collaborative and direct leader with over 5 years' experience keenly focused on delivering high quality digital applications, business enhancement solutions and strategic organizational improvements. Management and delivery professional with clients, large scale system implementations, and change management experience, along with reputable team development skills. Work Experience Functional Team Lead, Senior IT Consultant IBM Corporation- Global Business Services - Washington, DC 2014 to Present Leading and enabling cross-functional onsite and internationally based teams to deliver key business initiatives; responsible for the analysis of new requirements, changes to existing functionality, system testing, and production support for the Army's global education enterprise management system; including streamlined on-line course registration, student administration, data warehouse, live functional help desk, and product rollout by implementing Agile, Waterfall, and RUP project management methodologies.  • Designing digital product overviews, tracking all project deliverables, managing project timelines, and communicating with executives and stakeholders to ensure transparency of risks, timelines, scope, quality and costs of project deliverables  • Extensive experience with systems testing white-box (logic driven), black-box (requirements driven), load testing, coverage testing and regression testing on various platforms including MySQL database, PeopleSoft, Java, Cognos Data Warehouse, and .Net.  • Led delivery of 300 million dollar Credit Card fee solution by owning the product vision and collaborating with the World Bank to ensure seamless delivery to over 600,000 students.  • Leads weekly system strategy meetings with project stakeholders to define/refine the scope of the product vision in order to support current system functionalities, new release changes, and defect management to over 3,000 universities.  • Manage & Mentor staff members on core system functionality, testing practices, and client interaction in order to maintain high-quality delivery standards. IT Consultant, Developer IBM Corporation- Global Business Services 2012 to 2014 Manager's Choice Award for demonstrating leading industry practices.  • Winner of the 2014 IBM Manager's Choice Award for demonstrating leading industry practices.  IT Consultant, Developer |Department of Veteran Affairs (2012 - 2014)  Responsible for successful delivery of PeopleSoft Application development and modifications of workflow, extensions, Structured Query reports and forms. Provided oversight and support to development and test leads on managing development and testing tasks. Served as a functional consultant and Jr. developer for a HR system implementation with 300,000+ employees.  • Executed development tasks by reviewing system requirements, interface specifications, and use case documentation in order to understand the functions, modules, and processes necessary for quality delivery.  • Produced highly detailed test scripts with complete scenarios used for client User Acceptance Testing.  • Led client facing training sessions to department executives on new system functionalities, documented feedback, and submitted documentation to management team for review. Project Manager Boston Scientific - Boston, MA June 2012 to August 2012 IT Consultant Howard University Research Office - Washington, DC 2010 to 2012 Education Bachelors in Computer Information Systems Howard University - Washington, DC 2012 Skills Clearquest (5 years), Clearcase (5 years), Requirements Management (3 years), Agile (3 years), Agile (3 years), Visio (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Business Analysis (6 years), Java (3 years), Peoplesoft (5 years), Oracle (3 years), Oracle SQL (3 years), Asp.Net (2 years), Project Management (3 years) Awards IBM Managers Choice Award for demonstrating leading industry practices. 2015 Three-time winner of IBM's Managers Choice Award for demonstrating leading agile project management practices. Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master August 2015 A Certified ScrumMaster® helps project teams properly use Scrum, increasing the likelihood of the project's overall success. CSMs understand Scrum values, practices, and applications and provide a level of knowledge and expertise above and beyond that of typical project managers. CSMs act as "servant leaders," helping the rest of the Scrum team work together and learn the Scrum framework. CSMs also protect the team from both internal and external distractions.