IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Intern <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst Intern IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Intern - BAs in Avery Dennison LGM Mentor, OH Work Experience IT Project Manager / Business Analyst Intern BAs in Avery Dennison LGM - Mentor, OH May 2018 to Present OH  Avery Dennison  ? Worked with Business Analysts and external vendor to establish community of practice for BAs in Avery Dennison LGM.  ? Leveraged BA practices to support two live projects (gather requirements, document functional requirements, validate requirements  through testing).  ? Managed a portion of our commercial portal project.  ? Used HP ALM to test scripts on our commercial portal. IT Service Desk Intern Steris Corporation - Mentor, OH December 2016 to February 2018 Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers as well as other branches of IT to resolve complex problems that required escalation.  ? Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions.  ? In-depth troubleshooting on Windows 7 and 8 based computers.  ? Level 1 access to systems such as active directory, Oracle, Siebel, SCCM, and MyIsomedix.  ? Managed thousands of employee devices through MobileIron.  ? Remote desktop connections through ScreenConnect.  ? Advanced customer-facing troubleshooting from service desk walk-ups.  ? Phone etiquette and remote support applied through hundreds of calls a day.  ? Managed loaner laptops, international phones, projectors, aircards, and polycoms through a sharepoint site. IT Technician BBSYS Incorporated - Mentor, OH August 2015 to December 2016 Managed client workstations and servers at an administrator level.  ? Managed our clients home and office intranet.  ? Gained knowledge of AVG products including Single Sign On (SSO), Antivirus, and CloudCare.  ? Advanced troubleshooting of network printers  ? Windows updates and computer optimization applied on a weekly basis.  ? Remote desktop connections using Citrix GoToAssist. Education Computer Science/Software Engineering Lakeland Community College August 2016 to Present Bachelor of Electrical and Computer Engineering in Electrical and Computer Engineering The Ohio State University August 2018 to May 2020