Project Manager / Process Improvement Analyst ( IT Security) <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Process Improvement Analyst (<span class="hl">IT</span> Security) Natural leader & organizer with awesome interpersonal skills seeks challenging IT Security Project Manager position in the San Francisco Bay Area. Fremont, CA Work Experience Project Manager / Process Improvement Analyst ( IT Security) Toyota Motor Manufacturing & Engineering North America (TEMA) - Erlanger, KY Present (Works remotely from Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana, Princeton, IN)    Project Manager – Information Classification Tool Implementation & Policy Rollout   01/2013 – present  • Leads the development and implementation of new information classification practices and tools.  • Gained project spending approval from senior management team using Toyota Ringi-sho methods.  • Facilitates requirements gathering sessions with IT, Legal, and HR management.  • Develops training materials and rollout plans for 12 manufacturing and engineering locations.  • Coordinates department management to develop department-specific information classification guidance.    Incident Response Lead *Major Security Incidents Only   08/2012 – 10/2012  • Coordinated response, investigation, and remediation activities for major security incident.  • Facilitated team meetings to identify, prioritize, and delegate response, investigation, and remediation tasks.  • Monitored activity progress and followed up with team members to ensure timely completion of tasks.   • Organized response activities into logical phases to streamline process and improve clarity.  • Developed and presented frequent investigation status reports to executive management.  • Interviewed system owners to identify and understand system modifications resulting from the incident.  • Composed damage reports describing system modifications and evidence for Federal Bureau of Investigation.    Project Manager & Process Improvement Analyst – Removable Media Access Renewal   10/2011 – 01/2013  • Lead HR and IT teams to develop and implement removable media access renewal process for 5,000+ users.  • Presented proposed renewal process to HR and IT senior management.  • Created project plans and wall-charts to track issues and present bi-weekly status reports to management.  • Lead HR and IT resources to rollout new renewal process at 12 manufacturing and engineering locations.  • Reviewed lists of renewed users with executives to gain final approval for all departments and locations.  • Reduced unnecessary removable media access across all locations by 42%.    Project Manager & Process Improvement Analyst - Windows Server Security Patching   10/2011 – 10/2012  • Lead the development and execution of a quarterly patching process for 1,500+ servers across 12 locations.  • Created project plans and wall-charts to track issues and present bi-weekly status reports to management.  • Motivated 250+ resources to identify application owners and develop test plans for 2,000+ applications.  • Coordinated 250+ resources to patch and test 1,300+ servers according to new patching process.  • Documented standard templates and instructions for maintaining quarterly patching process going forward.  • Presented patching process and project reflection to senior management.    Process Improvement Analyst – Investigation Processes   09/2011 – 02/2012  • Standardized the process of generating and providing reports to support termination investigations.  • Generated email and printing activity reports using iWSAM, Envision, and in-house reporting tools.   • Provided formatted investigation reports for standard terminations and HR investigations.  • Created standard process flow documents and instructions for maintaining investigation processes.    Process Improvement Analyst – Legal Hold Process   09/2011 – 02/2012  • Standardized the process of placing legal holds on information assets and email records.  • Developed access database for maintaining and tracking legal hold records.  • Identified and corrected legal hold status discrepancies for 2,100+ information assets.  • Created standard process flow documents and instructions for maintaining the legal hold process. IT Specialist ( IT Security) New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc. (NUMMI) - Fremont, CA July 2006 to August 2009 Technical Lead & Department Information Security Rep (DISR) – Information Governance Rollout   10/2008 – 08/2009  • Lead IT functional team and served as IT records retention and organization lead for pilot rollout.  • Developed and communicated Information Governance standards and rollout plans for all departments.  • Trained and coordinated 70+ IT team members to organize all information according to new standards.    Project Co-lead – Migration from Symantec Antivirus to Trend Antivirus   05/2008 – 10/2008  • Co-lead resources onsite and at headquarters to migrate 1,500+ local devices to centrally managed antivirus.    Project Lead – Implementation of IDS & IDS/Firewall Management Service   10/2007 – 05/2008  • Lead implementation of IDS and IDS/Firewall Management Service for a network supporting 1,500+ devices    SOX Lead – SOX IT General Controls Remediation and Preparation   07/2006 – 04/2008  • Lead 25+ IT subject matter experts to plan and complete remediation activities and prepare audit samples.  • Coordinated IT subject matter experts, management, and external auditors to complete SOX audit testing.  • Created SOX ITGC control sheets, policies, procedures, and narratives for 15 in-scope application areas. Education Professional Masters in Information Technology and Management, Emphasis in Computer and Information Security Illinois Institute of Technology - Chicago, IL 2009 to 2012 BA in History of Arts and Visual Culture, Minor in Literature University of California, Santa Cruz - Santa Cruz, CA 2002 to 2006 Awards 50 For the Future Technology Talent Award, Illinois Technology Foundation: 2010 2010-04 Annual award to honor 50 Illinois college students with interest and potential to use technology in innovative ways Certifications/Licenses Project Management Institute Certified PMP August 2010 to August 2013 id #1354196 Publications “Controlling the Emerging Data Dilemma: Building Policy for Unstructured Data Access”, Information Security Management Handbook, (11th Edition) http://www.amazon.com/Information-Security-Management-Handbook-Edition/dp/1439853452 2011-08 Chapter Published: “Controlling the Emerging Data Dilemma: Building Policy for Unstructured Data Access”, Information Security Management Handbook, (11th Edition). Edited by Harold Tipton and Micki Krause, Auerbach Publications, August 2011.    Abstract:   In general, unstructured data access control methods must be developed further if organizations hope to harness the full potential of unstructured data. Unstructured data has become extremely easy to share and controls must be established to ensure that sharing is done appropriately within an enterprise setting. Further, with growing legal, compliance, and security issues, unstructured data will only become a greater issue if not addressed. With solid development of unstructured data access management and policy, this information may finally receive the attention it deserves.    (Published under maiden name: Anne Shultz)