Program Operations Analyst Program Operations Analyst Program Operations Analyst • Experience planning, managing and eliciting software quality assurance test plans, cases, scenarios  • Business Analyst, Quality Assurance and Consulting Vendor Management, PM  • Elicit requirements through collaboration with user community to gather input, analysis and produce functional / non-functional requirements  • Design and develop process improvements for current and future state efforts  • Experience with server based technologies, software development methodologies and resource management  • Well versed in software development methodologies - Agile, RUP, XP, Water Fall  • Solid understanding of project lifecycle, business systems integration for software application products and services  • Experience managing software test labs (System, Integration and Interoperability)  • Diverse industry background including Financial, Telecommunications and Real Estate with gateway, integration, multi-platform interface and web based software applications  • Experience implementing software change control of production and non-production environments  • Strong problem solver and experience with risk / benefit analysis    Software:  Visio, SharePoint, Microsoft XP and MS Office 2007 Suite Applications: Word/Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint, MS Project 2007/2010/Enterpries, JIRA, Version One, Rally, ABT Project Workbench, Digital Tools AutoPlan, VSS, Primavera, SureTrak, Windows NT, Windows XP, Lotus Notes, multiple Web Based tools, Netscape, Outlook, EZ Access, Great Plains, DDTS, TFS, Test Track, Team Track, Bugzilla, Track- It    Application Environments:  .NET, Visual Studio, SQL, C#, Business Intelligence Portal (BIP), CRM, BizTalk, GIS, Mobile, HTML, MS Windows, UNIX, Great Plains, Oracle, J2EE, Java, XML, C/C++, Tibco Workflow, Multiple Web Based Applications Work Experience Program Operations Analyst Century Link / Tek Systems January 2014 to April 2014 Provided analysis and management support to complex desktop and mobile multi-tenant telecom application solution; a BMI / Salesforce integration product. Collaborated with cross-functional business client teams to define and improve methods and procedures. Initiated and managed dissemination of training for business sales and support teams. Measured and communicated project status, risks and issues on regular basis. Documented processes associated with workflows at all levels of the business. Worked closely with business and IT teams to define process and technical solutions and related events. Business Analyst / IT Project Manager Lender Processing Service January 2012 to January 2014 Managed business and operations applications eliciting functional / non-functional requirements and process improvements by leading and participating in requirements gathering and qualification sessions. Defined business requirements and process improvement in partnership with operations teams. Managed and reported product risks/issues, product deliverables/milestones and provided acceptance criteria definition. Developed and updated project timelines and project plans based on dependencies, resource availability and priorities. Coordinated communication and meetings between corporate offices and division IT staff. Provided project status and escalated risks to management and executive teams. Partnered with internal clients, executive leadership teams and across multiple organizations. Business Analyst / IT Project Manager Urban Lending Solutions April 2011 to October 2011 Provided business analysis and process improvement support for multiple software development projects for internal business users, primarily database, enterprise and infrastructure related. Collected survey data from potential end users for design purposes to test requirements gathered. Facilitated and attended daily scrums, sprint planning and open/close sessions with IT teams and business planning committee. Developed schedules/plans, scope documents, User Stories, status reports and related communications to the business. Managed and supported data solutions team by documenting report requirements. Validated user requirements and user acceptance with operations and partnering with the test team. Managed and reported resource activities during solution implementations. Defined process solutions for BI team in maturing DB engineering organization. Managed database and software release deployments in highly visible environment. Business Analyst / Project Manager State of Wyoming Department of Health IT / Analysts International December 2010 to April 2011 Successfully managed multiple .NET projects using Windows server technology in an agile environment. Worked closely with business partners to define sprint backlog, daily stand-ups, progress and planning sessions. Understand business process management and business requirements. Translated business requirements into technical software requirements. Interface between business, technology and network teams. Excellent understanding of software, hardware, and network infrastructure as it relates to software development. Collaborate and communicate with product owners to ensure system design requirements adequately reflect defined business processes and support components of functional business requirements. Identify risk mitigation strategies. Sr. Recruiter TRIAD Consultants May 2009 to October 2010 to source and recruit information technology candidates for consulting service requirements for telecommunications and finance clients. Bid on Statements of Work (SOW) and RFQ/RFI General Consulting Agreements with vendors and the State of Colorado, Level(3) Communications and DirectTV.    • TRIAD Consultants / Level (3) Communications / Analyst  Provided analysis support for a telecommunications client Level (3) Communications, by observing "day in the life" study of human factors (time and motion study) for the IP Network Operations Center. Monitored activities of IP Technicians and call center activities as they provide support (Tier 1&2 IP Support) for global clients including a variety of Local Exchange Carriers (LECs).    • TRIAD Consultants / State of Colorado DOR / CITA / BA  Provided Business Analyst support while identifying issues and risks of the data conversion and database upgrade effort from legacy systems to a newer system, specific to taxing. Provided an external verification and validation for their data conversion port of the implementation. Provided analysis and produced artifacts for reporting and presentation purposes. Education Regis University - Denver, CO 1993 to 1996 Bachelor of Science in Business Technology Management School for Professional Studies