Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Atlanta, GA Highly Skilled Project Manager with extensive IT background. Seeking a challenging position with a company that is able to offer long term growth opportunities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Atlanta Networking and Computer Help - Atlanta, GA June 2016 to June 2017 ? Collaborated with clients in a variety of industries to develop, estimate and deploy IT related projects under deadlines and budgeting limits.  ? Managed a team of engineers to plan, configure and install IT Systems including but not limited to software deployments/upgrades/integrations, infrastructure deployments/upgrades, cloud migrations, IT disaster recovery planning, VoIP deployments, IT security audits and full network audits/upgrades.   ? Supervised contractors and their involvement in different phases of projects.  ? Communicated with upper level management and C-Level employees regarding updates, scheduling and necessary adjustments to projects.  ? Assisted with the growth and development of the company by building and maintaining relationships with all clients, contractors, and engineers within ANCH. During my tenure, the company doubled in size and obtained the two largest contracts in its history. Support Manager/Engineer Atlanta Networking and Computer Help - Atlanta, GA September 2014 to June 2016 ? Developed support structure for 4 time-zones and internationally based clients in Canada, Brazil and Australia.  ? Administered and maintained hardware and software on multiple client’s Servers and Workstations.  ? Managed a team of engineers and provided Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 IT support for a broad spectrum of clients.  ? Audited software and configurations to develop a client specific support structure for newly acquired clients.  ? Monitored client systems remotely within a Managed Service Provider.  ? Engineered an internal business analysis structure to increase efficiency within incoming support inquiries.  ? Researched, analyzed and resolved issues methodically with software applications from basic Office Suite to industry specific enterprise software. CompuSafe Technician BRINKS Engineering - Marietta, GA April 2013 to June 2014 * Refurbished and troubleshot software and hardware in varied Brinks Computer Safe (CompuSafe) models.  * Tested and maintained CompuSafe hardware and software components.  * Refurbished MEI cash cassettes and bill acceptors.  * Organized and maintained CompuSafe inventories. IT Solutions Manager Kudzu Construction - Marietta, GA August 2012 to February 2013 ? Remodeled and organized the networking system within head office.  ? Restructured 8x8 IP Phone system for the head office.  ? Transferred and installed online based CORECON management software.  ? Trained staff on the operation of updated construction management software.  ? Coordinated supplement receivables as well as account receivables projects.  ? Developed and maintained Excel account worksheets.  ? Collected 98% of receivables decreasing allowance for bad debts estimate. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Technology in Computer Engineering Technology Kennesaw State University - Marietta, GA August 2014 Skills Active Directory (2 years), deployment (2 years), Exchange (2 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (2 years), SharePoint (2 years), Microsoft Office (5 years), Management (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/carl0s-d-g0nzalez/ Additional Information Foreign Languages: Fluent in Spanish.  Operating Systems: Windows Server OS and features (2003, 2008, 2012), Windows Desktop OS (XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10).  Virtual Environments: Microsoft Hyper-V, VMware (VSphere, ESXi), Oracle Virtual Box.  Software and OS Features: Windows Active Directory/DHCP/DNS, MS SQL Server/Basic SQL Querying, VM Imaging Backup Software, SharePoint Online, Exchange Online, MS Azure, MS Office, MS Project, MS Visio, Accounting Based Software (Quickbooks, Sage etc.), ERP/CRM and industry specific software deployment (Dentrix, OST, Pentagon 2000 etc.), ConnectWise IT Business Management, SolarWinds MSP, TeamViewer, LogMeIn, WordPress, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Pspice, SolidWorks, MathCAD and Microstation.  Programming Languages: Basic knowledge in PowerShell, C, C++, Assembly, Java, HTML and C#.