IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - First Data Corp, Staten Island Massapequa, NY Manager with experience managing Technical Support and Call Center divisions. Expertise in project management, leadership, and development of all support policies and procedures. Exceptional communication and organizational skills. Work Experience IT Manager First Data Corp - Melville, NY January 2010 to Present Responsible for all support aspects of the Merchant Decision Support System (DSS).  • Established QA and report standardization procedures for all newly implemented reports  • Produced weekly, monthly account and usage metrics for senior management  • Played an integral role in DSS platform implementations and testing Accounting Manager First Data Corp, Staten Island 2005 to January 2005 1/05 - 12/8  Responsible for all financial and accounting process for the CFO Projects division.  • Compete all month end JE and close procedures, post GL and reclass entries and compile P&L  • Update monthly forecast and plan for CFO Projects department  • Determine capitalization eligibility for all monthly invoices from development groups.  • Track actual costs against project estimations to ensure adherence to budgetary guidelines Project Manager First Data Corp, Staten Island - New York, NY January 2004 to December 2004 Responsible for the conversion of clients to Remitco at both New York and Ohio Sites.  • Collaborated with client's IT, Operations and Client Services personnel to establish processing guidelines.  • Developed all training documentation and procedures tailored to each client's guidelines.  • Responsible for all post implementation change requests and client service issues.  • Trained Operations personnel on all procedures, guidelines and SLA requirements. Supervisor of Operations First Data Corp, Staten Island December 2002 to December 2003 Supervises staff, which includes the Data Entry, Image Capture and Operations Console Departments, ensuring timely  processing and financial payment transfers to various clients and financial institutions.  • Coached and mentored staff increasing daily production output  • Responsible for the successful implementation of various new clients.  • Implemented daily meeting and turnover report resulting in reduced equipment downtime.  • Created statistical reports to measure production in Data entry and Image Capture areas. Education Certificate in systems and communications Control Data Institute - Garden City, NY liberal arts St. John's University - New York, NY Skills All Microsoft Office Products