Operations Manager Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> Operations Manager - Paul Mitchell The School Modesto, CA Highly talented and motivated candidate seeking employment. Takes attentive measures, directions, and  requirements from clients. Proven history of reducing costs, taking directions, and improving efficiency. Able  to work with team to determine requirements and coordinate staff members. Familiar with planning and  supervising employees while meeting deadlines. Work Experience Operations Manager Paul Mitchell The School February 2017 to Present Established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to subordinate  managers.  Supervised a team of 10 managers and 20 associates.  Directed the work of multiple independent contractors.  Established project control procedures such as project forecasts and cash flow projections.  Established and maintained six vendor partnerships. Project Manager Max Muscle Modesto - Modesto, CA March 2016 to Present Works closely with clients to sell supplements pertaining to their goals.  Maintained an average sale 35% higher than corporate average through constant sales practice.  Works closely with Store Owner to ensure store is stocked through daily upkeep of inventory.  Helped earn the company high% customer satisfaction ratings on Yelp by implementing a feedback  system. IT Consultant Self-Employed - Modesto, CA January 2015 to Present Created websites and various programs for clients using CSS, HTML, and Java.  Consistently met deadlines and understood all client requirements needed to develop software projects.  Delivered on-site IT and AV technical support for staff. Operations Manager In-Shape Clubs - Modesto, CA May 2015 to March 2016 Managed, trained, and lead a staff of 8-12 trainers.  General Office work, including, but not limited to, use of Office Products, emails, P&L statements, payroll  management.  Established operational objectives and work plans and delegated assignments to subordinate  managers.  Reduced employee turnover by 50% through effecting leading and listening. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science California State University - Turlock, CA 2016 Skills CLIENTS (2 years), CSS (2 years), HTML (2 years), JAVA (2 years), INVENTORY (1 year) Additional Information Skills  Java, C++, SQL, CSS, HTML, PHP, Project planning and development  Windows 95/98/2000/8/8.1/10/XP/Vista and Mac Project development and life cycle  OS/OS X Cost reduction strategies  Tools: Adobe Suite, Quickbooks, SalesForce Budgeting and forecasting  Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Unsurpassed work ethic  AD, business operations, C++, CSS, client, clients,  Database, DOS, HTML, PHP, inventory, Java,  leadership skills, Mac OS, Excel, Outlook,  PowerPoint, 2000, Windows 95, 98, Microsoft Word,  Works, object-oriented programming, OS, Python,  sales, develop software, SQL, Swift, Vista,  websites