IT Project Delivery Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Brooklyn, NY Information Technology Project Manager with an intensive background in managing the alignment of security architecture, implementations, analyzing and supporting security standards and operational goals. Strategically improving ERP systems, databases, business intelligence & analytics, operations, and overall infrastructure solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Delivery Manager Credit Suisse - New York, NY June 2017 to March 2018 • Successfully transitioned Virtual to Virtual cloud migrations across multiple regions to over 6,340 servers while effectively mitigating critical risks for each client process change and solution  • Managing 8 concurrent agile projects pursuing upgrades for hardware/capacity on new and existing servers; within the company’s operational goals  • Communicate to several teams the planned schedule, migration status, risks, and security requests to ensure the company’s delivery goals are successfully implemented  • Developed and trained core IT leads on requesting server change controls and updating SharePoint milestones for server migrations  • Analyze compliance and policy procedures for each server and test for network security threats in the migration process  • Facilitate stakeholder agreement with different departmental teams on essential project design approvals and operational risk management acceptance Project Manager UTC Aerospace Systems - Windsor, CT October 2015 to May 2017 Responsibilities  Project Manager, Shop Floor IT Manufacturing  • Manage Solumina R2 Dependent Projects facilitate the performance and completion on $30.5M SAP Go Live and Post Go Live.  • Liaise with various departments to coordinate the development, testing, and implementation of application-to-application interfaces.  • Trained the Compliance/ Consent Agreement to UTAS Manufacturing Subject Matter Experts located in various countries.  • Implementing the upgrade for Obsolescence Management System and integrate piece – part repository to read only from SAP. Project Manager UTC Aerospace Systems - Windsor Locks, CT 2015 to January 2015 R2 SAP Implementation, Windsor Locks, CT January 2015 - October 2015  • Managed a SAP Cutover Plan on the $30.5M SAP R2 project that included management of several dependent SAP upgrade plans.  • Managed communication with business stakeholders for all enhancements pertaining to SAP Go Live.  • Utilized HP Quality Center to support the SAP defect triaging process to resolve defects and execute all scripts.  • Co-led the testing team by improving the performance metrics with de duping, test scripts and test defects.  • Received the UTAS Stars Recognition Program Award for execution of a strategic plan and providing process improvements. Project Manager, Business Intelligence Building and Industrial System - Farmington, CT April 2014 to December 2014 Led the HR Eastern Management SharePoint project; managing business objectives to successfully meet critical deadlines.  • Trained and provided standard work to new users for the HR Eastern Management  • Implemented the SAP HANA security review by negotiating hardware and hosting contracts, gathered data, conducted vendor  selections and organized the infrastructure architecture.  • Preceded the request for the proposal process (RFP) for the SAP HANA security review to host a private cloud vendor.  • Directed the evaluation on SAP HEC improved support and cost savings of $3M by emerging SAP HANA as a technology source. IT Project Manager, Infrastructure Sikorsky Helicopter - Stratford, CT June 2013 to March 2014 Drove a project management enterprise systems plan with a $1M budget to eliminate windows XP and upgrade to Windows 7 on an external digital signage solution to improve proactive performance.  • Cross coordinated with stakeholders, IT teams, external suppliers and vendors to replaced and deployed over 300 digital signage  devices to multiple Sikorsky sites.  • Managed third party vendors to upgrade the devices to the latest web application and technical software (URL)  • Created infrastructure architecture with IT Teams for the latest UTC IT security compliance.  • Managed the roll out for each department to run tests for the IT 410 (security requirement) to ensure the digital signage devices  were upgraded successfully to Windows 7. Goddard Space Flight Center Information Systems Intern NASA - Greenbelt, MD June 2012 to August 2012 June 2012 - August 2012  • Validated data into NASA IMAGESEER database for multiple science domains with Landsat -7 satellite analyzing cloud detection,  image registration and map classification over various geographic regions.  • Processed and converted GEOTIFF datasets for cloud masks to extract raw formats for a gap filling application. Computer Science Intern Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) - Point Mugu, CA May 2011 to August 2011 Provided direct support for the Warfare and Tactical Planning Branch to design, test routes and gain functionality of the GUI  which was implemented to the Mission Planning System.  • Utilized software development tools for case scenarios to support multiple projects test framework in the Mission Planning System.  LEADERSHIP:  • ACE Associate 08/15 Education M.Sc. in Computer Security Howard University Washington - Washington, DC August 2010 to May 2013 B.Sc. in Computer Science Johnson C. Smith University Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 2005 to May 2009 Additional Information SKILLS:  Knowledge Areas: SDLC, Waterfall & Agile Methodology, Computer Security, Cloud Migration, Infrastructure Management, Hardware Management, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, SAP Implementations, Infrastructure, SAP HANA, Digital Signage Solutions, Excellent Communication and Presentation Skills, Resource Management, Strategic Road Mapping, Risk Management, Process Improvement  Software & Coding skills: Service Now, GNITs Tool, Tableau, nSphere, i2MS Tool, eInventory, Software AG, Solumina Application, SAP, MS Visio, MS Project, MS Package, SharePoint, HP Quality Center, Universe, C++, .NET, WebLogic, HTML, Oracle, Linux, Windows, Firewall, Load Balancer, SAN, NAS, SRM, One PPM, EIS, Support Ticket Workflow  Contributed Paper: Rapid and Accurate Generation of Peptide Sequence Tags with a Graph Search Approach