Project Manager and Design Technician <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Design Technician Project Manager and Design Technician - Concert Technologies Myersville, MD Energetic information technology ( IT) professional seeking a position of responsibility and growth requiring proficiency in IT project management, networking and security, and telecommunication technologies. Highly organized and motivated customer-focused specialist anxious to develop and expand capabilities and deliver increasing value to a leading team or organization.  ? JAVA, C#  ? ISDN, MLPS, DSL, WAN, LAN  ? VoIP  ? Fiber, Ethernet, Coax cabling    ? Problem Solving  ? Proactive leadership  ? Project management  ? FNT Cable Management    ? Microsoft Office Suite / 365  ? Windows, OSX and Linux  ? SQL, database design  ? AutoCAD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager and Design Technician Concert Technologies - Martinsburg, WV December 2015 to Present Telecommunications and Project Management    Duties and Accomplishments:  • Documentation and verification of over 2,000 runs of fiber optic and copper cabling infrastructure, internal and external providing telecommunications for the Walter Reed Naval Medical Center.  • Adept at customer service - leads multiple meetings in person and over teleconference with military and contractor personnel regarding the work being done - infrastructure mapping established better alerting  • Utilizing a third- party software (FNT Command) in order to better document and visualize the cabling infrastructure at the site - improved ability to communicate circuit location, reduced cost for service calls  • Using AutoCAD, Microsoft Visio and Excel to compile a site survey package that will be viewed by ITD (Bethesda Naval IT Support), the US Core of Engineers, as well as other Concert personnel.  • Working the Walter Reed Naval Facilities Management (NAVFAC) to coordinate access to manholes / handholes / and buildings on the site. Project Facilitator Concert Technologies - Martinsburg, WV December 2014 to December 2015 Telecommunications and Project Management    Duties and Accomplishments:  • Assist with dispatch and troubleshooting with 40-60 techs per week at government and non - government facilities; achieved over 99% on-time tech arrival and fulfilled over 300 deliverables  • Coordinated with over 150 government and commercial facility personnel to set up scheduling of technicians; managing certificate of insurance requirements, logistics, and identification requirements  • Working with different types of telecommunications management and cabling standards  • As of April 2015 - Working with Sonic Drive-In Restaurants, to troubleshoot and assist with their store upgrades; oversaw approximately $2.5M in upgrades for as many as 250 franchise locations.  • Negotiated with franchisee's and upper division leaders; resolved issues with poise and professionalism IT Help Desk Shepherd University - Shepherdstown, WV 2011 to 2013 Scarborough Library on Shepherd University Campus  Duties and Accomplishments:  • Work-study opportunity-- as a computer science student, responsible for helping Library patrons with any computer problems, as well as maintaining devices in the computer section of the Library.  • Extensive knowledge of ways to fix different problems allowed for University leadership to reduce staff and cut costs to keep IT support going longer in era of budget cuts.  • Developed database of over 200 customer service incidents with resolutions, streamlined open ticket times down to minutes due to robust knowledge base for future, repeat issues. Shared database with fellow IT Help Desk colleagues to provide use cases and known issue fixes. IT support director lauded effort as "proactive." IT Internship United States Air Force, Ft - Fort Detrick, MD 2009 to 2010 Medical Device Information Security - Program Management Office    Duties and Accomplishments:  • Assisted in setting up the first-ever Medical Device Cybersecurity Program Management Office, conducting evaluation and risk remediation on over 200 medical devices  • Helped develop an Access database to inventory and track $500M medical devices as they progressed through DIACAP. Acquisition hinged on proper accounting and management of this process.  • Competitively selected by High School advisor to participate in the Middletown High School Work Study Program; self-starter, developed logo using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator for new Medical Device Cybersecurity Office used on internal marketing material Air Force-wide. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Science Shepherd University - Shepherdstown, WV December 2014 Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation v3 May 2016 to Present Describes the IT service life cycle and how to apply best practices to strategy, design, transition, operation and continual improvement to IT services. Groups Phi Kappa Tau (PKT) National Fraternity May 2012 to Present