IT Transformation Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Transformation Consultant VOIP deployment manager - PMP Certified Seattle, WA Strong experience running VoIP readiness and VoIP transformations and deployments. PMP Certified. Worked with Avaya and Cisco. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Transformation Consultant Royal Caribbean International - Miami, FL November 2014 to June 2016 Worked with IT manager to coordinate vendors on IT transformation projects on board the Independence of the Seas and Serenade of the Seas. Worked most closely with Harris and Harris CapRock vendors to transform the on-board satellite and data networks to accommodate Voom wireless internet. IT Security Program Management Consultant Insight Global - Glendale, CA July 2013 to December 2013 Provided leadership and organization to the Application Security group for my client, Disney. Processed incoming requests for service, built the schedule, and assigned work to penetration test teams. I also led an internal project to replace our existing SharePoint site with a more interactive internal web portal which described our service catalog as well as allowed access to reference documents, current vulnerability information, emerging threats, and an automated way to request our services. VoIP Deployment Project Leader Xerox ACS - Glendale, CA March 2013 to July 2013 Led Xerox contractor teams in California, Washington, Oregon, and Arizona on a VoIP deployment project for my client, Disney. Led a team of engineers and subject matter experts to consolidate multiple west coast VoIP clusters, into one large west coast super-cluster. The primary technology of the super cluster was Cisco CallManager with Unified Communications in a based cloud platform. Also coordinated access for the on-site test teams at multiple locations during the cut night service window. In my role as Project Leader; I ensured the project was properly run within budget and timeline limitations, that communications with senior management were timely and accurate, and that there was no disruption of the operating environment. Independent Consultant/ Project Manager EatEat LLC - Bentonville, AR September 2011 to September 2012 Self-employed consultant working with the Global Associate Communications group at Walmart World Headquarters. Acted as a coordinator between external vendors, and the IT department to support the WalmartOne project - to build one of the world’s largest intranets. I pulled all the different resources that were necessary to get the project done, got approvals and buy in from the managers involved, worked with vendors to replicate infrastructure as a test environment, worked with vendor development teams to make sure they knew what they were supposed to do and when it was supposed to be done, coordinated with the infrastructure, capacity planning, and security groups for deployment timeline, and worked to resolve all the issues that cropped up along the way. Education BS in Computer Science Oregon Institute of Technology - Klamath Falls, OR 1996 to 2001 Skills VoIP (7 years), Project Management (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses PMP Certification CSM Certification / Agile Project Management Additional Information Client facing project manager with more than 10 years of experience delivering high complexity, multimillion dollar IT transformation projects for clients such as AT&T, Microsoft, British Telecom, Xerox, AIDS Healthcare Foundation, Walmart, Disney, and most recently Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. I am an active Project Management Professional (PMP) since I earned my certification in 2008. I am also certified in Agile methodologies (CSM).