Guest Service Manager Guest Service <span class="hl">Manager</span> San Leandro, CA Dedicated, bilingual, creative and comfortable in fast pace-settings, ad hoc requests and viewing business challenges from multiple angles. Obtain administrative position providing quality and efficient administrative support. Enjoys analytical problem solving, collaboration with multiple business functions and working in team settings. Proven ability to get the job done on time and with a high level of quality. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Guest Service Manager Target - Oakland, CA December 2018 to Present ? Conducted new hire training and also providing ongoing support following the training period to ensure departmental guidelines were continuously met  ? Provided fast service to guests by responding and ensuring team members respond to requests and back up cashiering calls in sixty seconds or less  ? Count out and assign registers to cashiers  ? Managed daily store operations including department setup and order forecasting  ? Provided advice to top-level management regarding staffing and other issues and procedures  ? Ensured that guests were provided with a very professional and friendly customer experience IT Project Analyst Salesforce - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to September 2017 Coordinating monthly, quarterly, and annual forecasting and management reporting, analyzing key business drivers, trends, risks and opportunities, and communicating results to Program managers and IT PMO (Program Management Office) VP  ? Provided administrative and operational support for Project Managers  ? Proficient in G Suite (Google Slides, Docs, Calendar)  ? Processed Purchase requisitions for all license, hardware and contractors on behalf of managers  ? Tracking Invoices, Requisitions, Purchase orders and cost control in Oracle/Coupa  ? Instrumental in driving key business processes such as costing, forecasting, cost reduction tracking, variance and analysis, capital budgeting and planning  ? Defined project scope, deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders Director Assistant/ IT Project Coordinator Salesforce - San Francisco, CA July 2015 to January 2016 Prepared itineraries, transportation arrangements and expense reports  ? Responsible for keeping director's schedule and conference bridges  ? Planned and coordinated off-site events, internal office events and training seminars  ? Arranged conference rooms and facilities for meetings as required  ? Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)  ? Coordinated executive luncheons/events Education Certificate in Project Management Cal State East Bay - Hayward, CA September 2017 to Present AA in Associate of art Foothill College - Los Altos Hills, CA January 2012 to June 2016 None in IT Technology YearUp - San Francisco, CA May 2015 to January 2016 Skills ORACLE 10G, HTML (4 years), JAVASCRIPT, CSS, Planview (3 years), Customer Service (7 years), Guest Service (7 years), Microsoft Suite (5 years), Google Docs (5 years), Front Desk, Financial Analysis (3 years), Forecasting (3 years), Billing (3 years) Additional Information OTHER SKILLS  Technical Skills: Windows, MacOS, G Suite  Databases: Oracle 10g, Coupa, PPM (Planview)  Web Technologies: JavaScript, HTML, CSS