IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Envision Healthcare Plantation, FL Work Experience IT Project Manager Envision Healthcare - Plantation, FL February 2019 to Present • Manage clinical documentation improvement projects specific to the CMS Quality Payment Program and the Merit-Based Incentive-Based Payment System.  • Led the integration of a patient survey application and enterprise data warehouse used to improve patient satisfaction scores and to increase patient satisfaction rates by 20%.  • Liaise between the business units and IT department by aligning the business goals with IT project planning, development, and implementation.  • Led the MIPS submission for reporting 2018 Radiology and Surgical Services measures data, resulting in a 5% positive payment adjustment. Project Manager Sixt Rent A Car - Fort Lauderdale, FL December 2017 to August 2018 • Planned, directed, and coordinated complex projects focused on IT, infrastructure and business processes.  • Implemented PCI DSS compliant payment system for all U.S. branches. Successful delivery of project increased IT-security, improved customer experience, and reduced transaction costs.  • Worked closely with product owners and scrum team to effectively manage product backlogs, plan sprints and performed acceptance testing.  • Maintained risk management plans and implemented appropriate change management processes to keep projects on track and within budget.  • Simultaneously led multiple projects for new branch openings, including installations of on-site fuel tanks and ongoing quality assurance efforts.  • Renegotiated pricing and fees with fleet card provider; resulted in cost savings of $100k annually. Process Improvement Analyst Sixt Rent A Car - Fort Lauderdale, FL July 2017 to December 2017 • Improved the vendor selection process by establishing corporate SOP for evaluating the qualifications of prospective vendors and subcontractors.  • Reduced repair costs by standardizing maintenance and repair procedures.  • Performed root cause analysis and prepared reports to monitor progress of process improvement initiatives. Operations Associate S2 Brands - Miami, FL May 2015 to July 2017 • Led successful website re-platform launch and digital strategy to improve customer experience.  • Developed supply chain procedures to support 250% sales increase over two years in product category.  • Created Tableau dashboards that translated company data into insights related to consumer behavior, product performance, and pricing strategy. Education Master's in Business Administration Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL April 2015 Bachelor's in Health Sciences University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL May 2012 Skills Pmp, Microsoft project, Tableau, Jira, Risk management, Vendor management, Strategic planning, Process improvement, Excel, Project Management, Budget Management, It Project Management, ETL, Presentation Skills, Scrum, Visio, Outlook, Estimating, budget, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2018 Credential ID: 2243595 Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) October 2018 to Present Credential ID: 406519