PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> PROJECT MANAGER - Array Systems Los Angeles, CA IT Professional with over 8 years of experience specializing in telecommunications project management and systems analysis in the Retail and Global Logistics sectors. I also provide creative service solutions with WordPress development, SEO, content design and marketing strategies. Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER Array Systems - Los Angeles, CA September 2017 to Present ? Managing web application development project for Southern California Golf Association to improve  project timelines and delivery by 33%. Excellent time management and resource workflows.  ? Supervised team of developers to optimize and improve UX design on web application project now used by over 75k unique visitors per month.  ? Managed web development team for Torrance Education Foundation marketing and design rebrand.  ? Experienced technical project management with a proven track record and attention to project plan  and process flows. WORDPRESS DEVELOPER, ANALYTICS/SEO SPECIALIST Array Digital - Los Angeles, CA July 2015 to Present ? Excellent collaboration with client sales/marketing programs, UX, and editorial content design.  ? Responsible for multiple Google AdWords client campaigns. Review statistical analysis and provide  customized reporting outlining a data-driven marketing strategy to client executive team. IT PROJECT COORDINATOR & IT DATA ANALYST Trader Joe's Company - Monrovia, CA March 2015 to February 2019 ? Managed the "Wide Area Network (WAN)" and "Managed Network Services" Project that  implemented network resiliency and vendor services in over 470 stores nationwide.  ? Managed the "Camera" and "Broadband" complex projects to deploy store security in metro area  stores and build out dynamic store network functionality in 30% of our chain.  ? Monthly reporting review, maintenance, and telecommunications analysis have provided insights  resulting in over $1M in total savings over four years. Education B.A. in INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT STUDIES University of California, Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA 2005 to 2009 Skills Estimating (5 years), Outlook (5 years), budget (5 years), Scheduling (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Microsoft Excel (8 years), Analytics (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  Project Management  Experienced Vendor management; Highly organized, strong attention to detail; Engaged in delivering results; Complex team collaboration    Project Planning  Consistent and Organized; JIRA and Agile Scrum Methodologies; Budget management; Basecamp; Strong Reporting and Documentation skills    Web Development & SEO  Experienced WordPress developer; UX/UI customer flow and acquisition; Technical SEO; Performance targeting and metrics    Soft Skills  Excellent communication skills; Highly Motivated, Collaborative, and flexible; Problem solver with a positive attitude; Hands on    Business Software  Advanced Microsoft Office Suite, MS Excel pivot tables and VBA automation; Proficient with Google Suite & Webmaster Tools    Photo/Audio/Video Editing  Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, Final Cut Pro video editing, Pro Tools audio editing; Digital video, creative content design