IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - PNC Pittsburgh, PA Work Experience IT Project Manager PNC - Pittsburgh, PA March 2018 to Present • Promoted to Project Manager to plan, schedule and execute all stages of Agile and Waterfall software projects effectively through rapidly evolving business environments.  • Excels in guiding the work of teams across various technical, financial, and business disciplines to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  • Develops and manages project plans, including project scope, development/delivery schedule, resource requirements, integration efforts and budgets ensuring successful product implementation. IT Project Administrator PNC - Pittsburgh, PA April 2017 to March 2018 • Assisted Project Managers with administrative tasks in CA PPM, including managing risks and issues, fixing data integrity errors, conducting timesheet reviews, and drafting status reports.  • Drafted project documentation to ensure projects remain in compliance with audit standards and Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.  • Aided in scheduling, leading, and documenting team meetings. Admissions Representative South University - Pittsburgh, PA April 2016 to April 2017 • Recruited prospective students through a series of phone interviews.  • Sourced relevant university and program information to ensure that there was a quality match between the prospective student and their program of interest.  • Served as the primary contact for prospective students throughout their enrollment process, while simultaneously supporting current students to ensure student success throughout their selected program. Multimedia Account Executive The Sentinel - Harrisburg, PA June 2015 to January 2016 • Acquired and maintained accounts within a designated sales territory by creating multi-platform advertising opportunities and brand campaigns utilizing both print and digital products  • Assisted small businesses with their unique advertising challenges through creation of innovative advertising plans. Education Bachelor of Science in Communications in Communications Indiana University of Pennsylvania - Indiana, PA 2010 to 2014 Skills Scrum, CSM, Agile Scrum Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present Groups PNC Women Connect Employee Business Resource Group March 2018 to Present PNC iGEN Employee Business Resource Group March 2018 to Present