IT Project Manager (contract) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (contract) IT Project Manager - Allscripts Solutions Implementation Management Clermont, FL Experienced Project management professional. Highly effective change agent, with a 20 year track record of successfully executing a wide variety of strategic and tactical projects. An excellent communicator and collaborator who creates strong partnerships and engagement with diverse stakeholder groups. Highly effective at securing win-win outcomes. A team builder who has led the development of an organizations overall project management and PMO capabilities. Experienced in identifying and establishing project resource requirements to accomplish given projects. Responsible for the development and distribution of communications plans/tactics, status reports and the development of project dashboards to update stakeholders on progress. I’ve tracked project milestones, timelines and project spend/budget and performed analysis of project critical path, performed project risk analysis and develop RACI analysis for projects. Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications including, Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint. Advanced experience with MS Project, SharePoint and Outlook. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (contract) Humana - Remote October 2018 to February 2019 - Contract with Kforce October 2018 to February 2019  • Support full SDLC Projects in the IT environment through the full project lifecycle (from initiation to project close).  • Accountable for Humana Archival Strategy and Web-Chat projects (freeing up server space for Huanan cases and ensuring all enchantments and Break-fixes are implemented). Ensured data compliance for auditing purposes.  • Responsible for ALL Agile managed projects around WebChat - Managing break fixes and enhancements for web inquiries.  • Responsible with working with Scrum Masters to facilitate the Development, SIT, UAT and PROD turns for IT solutions.  • Experienced with managing budgets and resources through Clarity. Worked in SharePoint to house project artifacts.  • Utilized the SharePoint/CSI to communicate with Technical project team members to track critical project activities.  • Mitigated risks on projects through negotiation with Project Team Resources.  • Facilitated the technical activities needed to achieve business deliverables focusing on process improvement.  • Work closely with Business Analyst to ensure all documentation accurately reflects project needs. Ensured deliverables were clearly defined for Development and QA teams (i.e. business requirements, user stories, wireframes, functional specifications, test plans, etc) removed bottlenecks/complexity to complete projects.  • Create full/detailed Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) with ALL resources timeframes and dependencies tracked.  • Plan project milestones, track progress, prioritize "bug" reports and escalate critical issues when needed. Project Manager (contract) Johnson & Johnson - HPI (Human Performance Institute - Remote July 2018 to October 2018 short term contract) July 2018 to October 2018  Brief: www.jjhpi.com - J&J HPI focus: Companies and the training the Executive Leadership within fortune 100 companies to maximize energy and improve wellbeing of their staff, accomplished through, "fueling high performance," and inspiring purposeful living. J&J HPI trains Leadership in the domains of the physical, emotional, mental and "purpose."  • Established and measured, " Project Success Criteria" for the rollout of the v10 Project. The v10 Project was a totally new re-design of the content delivered to Executive Leadership through the Courses J&J JPI provides. The v10 Project touches on every aspect of the company and how course/content is delivered from an IT, Product and Marketing standpoint.  • Work with Leadership on 12 work streams to define the detailed WBS (all tasks, delivery dates, and budgets needed to deliver v10 on time, in scope and on budget (Work streams include: Delivery, Content, Systems Integration, Marketing, Sales, IT, Operations, Customer Communication and Implementation, "Lerner Experience," Quality Service, Sales Enablement, Assessments).  • Defined SOW for J&J V10 web course sign-up and course follow-up.  • Developed "Best Practices and Lessons Learned documentation for the go-live of Phase 1 of the v10 Project.  • Established "Pre-Go-Live/Launch Checklists" for ALL work streams so a Dry Run could be accomplished pre-actual launch.  • Provided recommendations/ project/process improvements for the management of new projects for the J&J organization. Envolve Specialty Pharmacy Solutions IT Project Manager a Centene Company January 2018 to July 2018 Brief: Support the IT Division of the Envolve Specialty Solutions Pharmacy organization by planning, organizing, monitoring, and overseeing complex IT projects utilizing cross functional teams to deliver defined "in scope" requirements meeting the company strategic objectives. Responsible for the Foundation Care to ScriptMed platform conversion and prime administrator of all projects housed in the Workfront PM system  • Manage the full project life cycle including requirements gathering, creation of project plans and schedules, obtaining and managing resources, managing Program/ Project budgets, and facilitating project initiation, planning, execution/deployment and closure. Perform RCA (root Cause Analysis) on issues. Mitigate project risks for PBM projects.  • Utilize corporate and industry standard project management tools and techniques to effectively manage projects.  • Assist with establishment and maintenance of corporate project management methodology and other procedures.  • Maintain detailed project documentation, meeting minutes, action items, issues lists and risk management plans.  • Effectively communicate project status to all stakeholders, provide written executive project summary/status  • Negotiate with project stakeholders to identify resources, resolve issues, and mitigate risks. Provide Best Practices and Lessons Learned for all closed project  • Coordinated cross-functional meetings with various functional areas to meet overall stakeholder expectations and company's objectives. Interface with DBA's, Programmers, Developers, QA, Network/Software Engineers, and BA's.  • Provided functional and technical knowledge across multiple business. Utilized ServiceNow ticketing system.  • Monitor the creation of all project deliverables to ensure adherence to quality standards including design documents, test plans, training materials, and operations documentation. SR. PM. Of all IT projects in the Workfront tool/system.  • Meet with clients and team members to take detailed ordering briefs and clarify specific requirements of each project.  • Assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders ensuring technical feasibility.  • Coordinate with internal resources, vendors and other departments for the execution of projects. Ensure resource availability and allocation. Establish and maintain relationships with third parties/vendors. PMO - IT Project Manager (contract) ARDX - Federal Government Federal Healthcare Contract Company - Remote 2017 to January 2018 all facets of internal and client project management for large federal contracts in the Healthcare domain and drove completion of all contract level deliverables. Provided support for internal teams to support quality, compliance, efficiency, innovation and increase company service value. Prepared client facing reports and identified contract issues and risks. Drove continuous improvement including the development and implementation of contract and process metrics for process performance. Provided guidance, project management support and oversight for web application cloud migration and security audits.  • Plan and facilitated internal and external project management and program governance activities - created org. policy.  • Created processes, templates and tools used in the Project Mgt. organization making PM more efficient and effective.  • Provide "embedded" support for key departments through my PM leadership role directly impacting contract level deliverables, strategy, and innovation/efficiency initiatives. Audited Project/Program artifacts.  • Led development and maintenance of project mgt. artifacts and trained other PM's on the use of new PM tools.  ? Project Charter, created standard/modifiable Project Management Plan/Work Breakdown Structure (PMP/WBS) templates, Feature Implementation Plans, Stakeholder Rosters/Registers and Project Team Meeting schedules based on technical approach and Statements of Work (SOWs). Oversaw resource planning and allocation. Identified, tracked, and assessed project milestones and progress. Implemented and oversaw effective Risks and Issues Management programs for each project/program.  • Designed, maintained, and analyzed project reporting (Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, and ad hoc) managed internal and external requests according to documented Service Level Agreements (SLAs).  • Ensured quality processes and procedures are followed to meet quality requirements (ISO) and support CMMI.  • Established Program/ Project metrics. Maintained quality standards across projects by writing and maintaining organizational Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Supported internal and external audits of project/program processes and products. Defined gap identification process. Implementation Project Manager Allscripts - FMH (FollowMyHealth) December 2016 to August 2017 Brief: Responsible for working closely with client partners (Hospitals and Practices) to successfully implement the integration of the FMH (FollowMyHealth) Patient Portal with the Hospital/Practices EHRs (Electronic/Digital Health Record Systems).  • Ensure all aspects/task completion ( project initiation, planning {including financial}, execution, monitoring and controlling and closure) for assigned EMR (Electronic Medical Record) projects helping Hospitals and Practices attest for MU (Meaningful Use).  • Implement the FMH (FollowMyHealth) Patient Portal on PRO, TW (TouchWorks) and SCM (Sunrise Clinical Manager) EHR (Electronic/ (Digital) Health Record systems) systems. Built & maintained key relationships with internal/external partners.  • The FMH CRM Platform on the "cloud" provides hospitals, Private Physicians Practices and Patients the ability to interface with one another for virtual visits, prescription refill requests, access patient records and allows seting office appointments.  • Key liaison between Clients and IC's (Implementation Consultants). Ensured sound plans - scheduling, customer needs and met company standards. Manage tight project deadlines without sacrificing quality or project scope or budget.  • Successfully implemented "cloud" environment projects, interfacing client systems with the Allscripts Patient Portal.  • Liaise with other departments (Development/QA, etc.) ensuring internal client/stakeholders are apprised of progress and responsible for the identification and escalation critical issues in a timely fashion.  • Interfaced directly with Practice Managers and other stakeholders to provide "Optimization" services for Allscripts "Top Tier" clients/accounts customizing FMH dashboards practices and hospitals. Coach Practice Managers on effective use of portal. Educated resources on project best practices and Allscripts standards for excellence.  • Implemented cloud based, web centric portals for patients to access their EMR's from Hospitals and Dr.'s office practices.  • For each project - understood the client's unique business or technological drivers and the hand-offs needed between the development, systems, quality assurance and product teams, to deliver on the client's needs.  • Partnered with the product and development teams to Optimize the EHR FMH patient portal (define tasks, build out and test suggested practice/hospital enhancements). Ensured Hospitals and Dr. Office Practices met compliance standards.  • Validate/track project progress against the targets and organizational goals. Managed project costs and revenues.  • Alert stakeholders to scheduling risks, anticipated slippage, take pre-emptive and/or create mitigate action plans.  • Identified, suggested and implemented improvements to processes. Provide business process standardization suggestions - Standardized SharePoint project documentation/repository to hold all critical project documents/artifacts.  • Managed a virtual teams, communicate team members to ensure they understand their responsibilities and deliverables.  • Work with Microsoft Project, SharePoint, Salesforce, Oracle, Clarity and other Microsoft Office applications. Project Manager (contract) CareCentrix - Remote January 2016 to October 2016 Brief: Implemented and managed projects from project inception to completion  • Responsible for ensuring compliance and regulatory mandates were followed for healthcare projects.  • Conducted audits on Project Phase Gates (Charter, Analysis, Construction, Implementation, Close) for the PMO.  • Oversaw the beginning stages of the Implementation of 9 large work-streams (Client Services, Client Service Center, Utilization Management, Correspondence Provider Operations, Revenue Cycle, Reporting, Telecom) for the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina Implementation - project size = 2.2M. In total 33 Sr. Managers assigned to project as SME's.  • Managed Cigna Quarter Utilization Management Data Reporting project.  • Project Managed the Network Access Model (NAM) project (1M+) from the Analysis Phase through Project Close.  • Responsible for the approval of BRD's, FSD's, CR's and conducting phase gate reviews from project inception to close.  • Developed communications plans ensuring business departments were informed about the impacted of projects.  • Communicated program/ project status to Executive Leadership and actively engaged business stakeholders through the project lifecycle ensuring projects were tracking to deliverables.  • Defined and created project plans with various Phase Gates and key milestones for prioritization and implementation.  • Managed all phases of the project lifecycle from Initiation/Chartering to Evaluation/Close Out.  • Created and managed project Risk logs and resolved/mitigated risks as they arose.  • Ensured project metrics were created and captured and all projects were measured to success.  • Rigorously managed Programs/ Projects to achieve agreed upon time. Cost and quality parameters. (Revenue Cycle Financial Operations) Program Manager Florida Hospital - RCFO January 2015 to September 2015 Brief: Implemented and managed revenue Cycle Operations projects from project inception to completion.  • Ensured compliance and regulatory mandates were followed for Florida Hospital projects.  • SPOC for projects solved complex problems and developed innovative solutions. Performed complex conceptual analysis.  • Managed Programs/ Projects (and Project Teams) from initiation to close out simultaneously for the FHIC, PreAccess and Patient Financial Services teams. Lead the development of program/ project scope statements, in consultation with applicable stakeholders (e.g., program/ project charter, Statement of Work, Business Vision Documents). Worked with Project Sponsors and key project resources to identify the skills, duration and effort required for successful execution.  • Integrated CRM and billing systems to ensure FH patients were billed correctly for their activities at Florida Hospital.  • Implemented coding improvement systems and for the Florida Hospital PreAccess Division.  • Interface with Executive Project Sponsors and Project Teams ranging from 5 to 30 participants. Mentored junior PM's.  • Forecasted project resource requirements. Gathered and reported business requirements/statistics/status for reporting.  • Collected, analyzed, maintained and tracked financial forecast information.  • Established quality objectives, criteria, standards and metrics. Key performance indicators, scope definition.  • Worked with IT groups and users to ensure project scope objectives were met.  • Developed, communicated and implemented program/ project risk/issue management plans and strategies (e.g., mitigation, avoidance, transfer, and acceptance).  • Managed the office relocation/ project for FHIC Operations Group (move from Altamonte to Maitland). Professional Services IT/Operations Program Manager Optum Health - Orlando, FL January 2014 to January 2015 Brief: Implemented call center programs for fortune 100 health care companies (Optum, Cigna, BCBA, Health Net) from an IT, Telecom, WFM, Quality and Operations standpoint.  • Manage cross-functional teams (BA, QA, Development, Reporting and Operational resources) deliver defined project outputs on time, within budget, and with quality results. Defined current and future state of projects/processes.  • Create a Project Charter, Project Schedule (WBS), outline project scope, goals, define high-level deliverables, and forecast required roles/resources.  • Forecasted, planned and implemented IT requirements for end user healthcare customers.  • Managed CRM Software/hardware Implementations and ongoing production support/deployments of strategic call center health care programs for leading industry clients. SPOC for technical and operational project tasks.  • Lead the organization/planning, design, build, implementation and deployment/monitoring of software solution programs (SDLC processes in an Agile environment). Coordinate QA and UAT testing activities; monitor issues and assist with resolutions. Managed off-shore Project Resources.  • Managed projects with healthcare regulatory requirements reporting to the Director of Program Management.  • Responsible for capacity/resource planning, budget tracking, project reporting, issue/risk resolution/mitigation, assessing SLA's, and execution of compliance and contingency planning for projects.  • Adapted existing methods and procedures to create alternative solutions to moderate/complex challenges.  • Managed project financials (margin, budget, and forecast) resource utilization and project scope.  • Utilized JIRA IT ticketing system.  • Built strong relationships between project team members, clients and stakeholders. Managed enterprise projects, identified key resources and provided direction required in order to meet program objectives.  • Owned the project plan (WBS)/, issue tracking (via RAID logs), Executive status reports for assigned programs. Responsible for documenting Best Practices and Lessons Learned for all new Implementations. Responsible for project task completion of all Project team members. Lead teams through stage/gate project process.  • Provided guidance to project team on overcoming obstacles to complete project tasks.  • Provided overall support/guidance regarding customer trends and opportunities to ensure quality products/features were delivered to meet client needs. Implemented business process strategies ensuring customer retention. IT Project Manager (contract) Allscripts Solutions Implementation Management - Remote February 2018 ·  Support Allscripts Solutions Implementation Management by providing project management for healthcare IT software solutions. Control key initiatives pertaining to delivering solutions to market or to internal process improvement.  ·  Ensure adherence to the Software Development LifeCycle (SDLC) for SCM and TouchWorks EMR projects.  ·  Specifically contracted for the Project Management “remediation”/resolution of a “failed,” SCM implementation.   ·  Work with matrix managed Project Team to define, estimate & schedule project work to achieve project scope.  ·  Provide for communication and relationship management - engage stakeholders for buy-in, relieve project bottlenecks.  ·  Provide performance monitoring, information and reporting; help diagnose root cause of problems. Increase the consistency and quality of Allscripts SCM data providing increased value to organizations impacted.  ·  Identify and escalate critical issues in timely manner and ensure teams are taking corrective action as necessary to deliver complete scope, desired quality and timeliness of strategic programs. Managed applications and infrastructure efforts.  ·  Collaborate with Steering Committee to define plan. Focus on business process improvement and risk mitigation.  ·  Keep team apprised via project plans, meetings and discussion minutes of project tasks identified, tasks to be completed, and work not completed. Focus on governance, Established and monitored standard/documented policies/procedures.  ·  Collaborate with Project Team using Microsoft 365 and SharePoint to house Project artifacts.  ·  Identify resource needs and competencies for all project tasks. Set and communicate team/individual responsibilities.  ·  Raise concerns timely to leadership regarding mismatch on required project team member's competencies.  ·  Allocate workload to fully utilize every program team member's talent. Translate SOW into deliverable plan/tasks. Education Masters of Management and Leadership in Management and Leadership Troy State University - Orlando, FL December 2007 MBA in Masters of Business Crummer Graduate School - Orlando, FL May 2004 BS in Communications Warner Southern College May 2000 Skills Information Technology, PM, SDLC, Software Development, Waterfall, PMP, Agile (3 years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), Oracle (5 years), Sharepoint (7 years), JIRA (3 years), Version One (3 years), Clarity (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional December 2015 to December 2023 Project Management Certification Additional Information Six Sigma Green Belt Trained