iOS Developer iOS Developer iOS Developer South San Francisco, CA Experienced iOS Developer looking for full time position in San Francisco Bay Area. Quick learner with a diverse set of skills such as App Development, User Interface Design, API Design, Data Analysis, and Algorithm Development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience iOS Developer Elevated Applications - San Francisco, CA August 2018 to Present • Front-end design of a startup social media app for using Swift and XCode.  • Added user reporting and blocking features to pass Apple app inspection and officially launch on App Store.  • Designed new geolocation and recommendation feature for app which increased user registration by 50%.  • Created web-scraping program to gather financial data and store in database using Python.  • Designed RESTful API and hosted web scraping application and financial data calculator on AWS Elastic Beanstalk. IT Project Manager Martinez & Turek, Inc - Rialto, CA June 2017 to July 2019 • Directed IT research by studying organizational goals, strategies, practices, and user projects. Maintained staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.  • Maintained business information databases. Produced monthly reports using and .  • Successfully completed Cyber Security overhaul for 100+ & users and achieved 800-171 Cyber Security compliance.  • Upgraded email infrastructure to and updated office programs, increasing efficiency and reducing troubleshooting.  • Updated equipment and IT processes, reducing IT department operational costs by 30%. SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Finatric - San Francisco, CA September 2016 to June 2017 • Full stack development using MongoDB, Express, Angular, and Node.JS to design software for visualizing financial data on custom interactive graphs.  • Performed white box testing to reduce bugs and errors in charting software.  • Wrote documentation and filmed demonstrations which helped onboard new customers to the platform. Increased customer  retention rate by 25%, while reducing first-time user customer service requests by 45%. QUANTITATIVE DEVELOPER Source Systems - Irvine, CA February 2016 to July 2016 • Maintained diverse portfolio of Forex algorithms on MetaTrader platform, which saw a 10% increase over a 3-month period.  • Performed market data analysis using Python StrategyQuant; backtested & optimized algorithms for minimal drawdown.  • Used MQL4 & Python to create custom programs and algorithms to reduce trading risk, and automatically alert and close  positions in case of market volatility or extreme losses. Education Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University May 2014 Skills Programming (3 years), Python (1 year), Swift (1 year), Flask (Less than 1 year), Mobile Development (1 year), iOS Development (1 year), Xcode (1 year), Data Analysis (1 year), Git (1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), Agile (Less than 1 year), Quantitative Development (1 year), Iphone Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/bricefloyd