OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE PROJECT COORDINATOR OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> COORDINATOR OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE PROJECT COORDINATOR - PHARMACYCLICS AN ABBVIE COMPANY Mountain View, CA Project Coordinator and Junior Project Manager with more than 4 years of experience in managing, leading and coordinating projects implemented on cross-functional departments in different regions like America, APAC, GCR and EIA, supporting Operational Excellence and IT Project Managers.  Managed implementation of IT technologies such as Apttus Redesign, AX Purchase Requisition and Oracle R12.2.2 E-Business Suite through all stages of project lifecycle. This included project initiation, requirement gathering, collaborating with IT for development, conducting UATs, trainings, deployment and post-production deployment support/ Hypercare using Water-Agile-fall approach.  Skilled in tools such as Apttus, AX Purchase Requisition, ServiceNow, BMC Remedy, Google Suite, MS Office, SharePoint, Adobe Photoshop, Outlook and project management tool like Smartsheet and Clarity. Excellent in Communication, Leadership, Negotiation, Organization and Time Management skills. Work Experience OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE PROJECT COORDINATOR PHARMACYCLICS AN ABBVIE COMPANY - Sunnyvale, CA September 2017 to Present CA  Organization: PHARMACYCLICS AN ABBVIE COMPANY  Project Coordinator for Operational Excellence team  Lead and coordinate teams implementing multiple Operational Excellence projects in F&I team- APTTUS, AX, Vendor Master, BUYSMART, Apttus Agreement clean up encompassing multiple cross functional departments - OpEx, RTR, Procurement, IT, Facilities, Events. Supported 3 Senior Managers and team of 23 personnel.    ? Deployment and Hypercare: Lead the Hypercare process of projects for contract management system - Apttus and AX Purchase Requisition. Set up the process in place for Hypercare. Created and mapped the process flow, lead the Hypercare meetings and distributed the daily volumetric and progress report. Developed the Hypercare log for tracking and managing all the incoming issues.  ? Governance Process Management: Developed robust governance framework/ process flow and log for the management of all the open and upcoming issues for Apttus and AX Projects. Lead weekly and monthly Governance meetings and published weekly requests volumetric and the monthly the performance metrics of all the requests. Provided system governance support to enhance the end user experience, ensure data integrity, promote compliance, and facilitate system enhancements.  ? Project Management:  ? Lead the Apttus Agreement and PO Clean-Up Project for more than 9660 agreements. Expired more than 4000 inactive agreements.  ? Created project plan for implementation of Travel and Expense (T&E) card.  ? Analyzed data for more than 3700 vendors for 14 fields and provided requirements for the Vendor Master project.  ? Conducted extensive User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to validate and benchmark systems, KPIs, and finance-driven data to ensure agile and efficient deployment into a production environment  ? Updated and managed OpEx Project Plan with active follow-ups on open items and lead weekly project meetings.  ? Created and updated Job Aids for training material.  ? Reporting:  ? Designed, automated and published Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for multiple Procure-to-Pay (PTP) systems and workflows (Apttus, OTC Workflow, AX Purchase Requisitions), Record to Report (RTR), F&I Key Projects, Facilities and Events projects.  ? Identified Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and sent out weekly volumetric, monthly aging/turnaround dashboards for governance.  ? Coordination:  ? Acted as a liaison between multiple departments when seeking feedback from key stakeholders involved in project-related decisions.  ? Communicated results of project-based analysis to a diverse range of stakeholders ensuring that the relevant findings were clearly explained and supported by data.  ? Work with Business and IT on the implementation of company's new contract management tools (Apttus and AX PR) and other projects.  ? Risk Management: Identify risk and enhancement opportunities of contracts management process and systems and provide recommendations to leadership.  Technologies Used: Apttus, AX Purchase Requisition, Smartsheet, ServiceNow, Google Suite, MS Office, SharePoint, Outlook and Webex. JUNIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER AMWAY December 2015 to November 2016 Organization: AMWAY  Project Manager for Records to Reports (RTR) on Project ATLAS for client Amway.  Managed team of more than 35 personnel implementing a global Oracle E-Business Suite in multiple locations including Americas, Europe, China and APAC in completing of projects across multiple functional areas.    ? Production Support and Risk Management: Manage production support monthly releases by monitoring and reporting issues and risks. Sent production and deployment status reports to senior executives using scorecard meetings to drive efficiency.  ? Change Request Management: Hosted change request team meetings to track progress for new CRs and planned releases for new deployments once those CRs are approved by Change Advisory Board.  ? BMC Remedy Management: Analyzed and prepared weekly and monthly KPI decks to deliver insights to the PMO leads on incidents, PBIs and PKEs.  ? Release and Deployment: Managed different phases of deployment- Functional and Technical Specification review and approvals, code and unit testing, issues, risks and key decisions. Managed the timely deployment of different phases of the project using Clarity.  ? Resource Management: Circulated weekly resource status reports which helped region leads to track the progress made by them since last week, tasks in progress and to help resolve any bottlenecks that they might be facing.  ? People Development: Trained new resources on Change Request Management and Remedy.  Technologies Used: Google Suite, MS Office, BMC Remedy (Incident Console, Problem Management Console and Problem Known Error Console), SharePoint, Clarity, Outlook, Webex and Beeline. PROJECT COORDINATOR September 2015 to November 2015 Organizations: AMWAY  Project Coordinator for Records to Reports (RTR) on Project ATLAS of Amway, collaborating between the team of more than 20 resources  ? Coordination: Complete ownership for triaging issues from Release Management (RM), Production, Solution Development (SD), Production Support (PS), Quality Assurance (QA) for escalations within team.  ? Status Reporting: Worked with project managers to ensure compliance of project standards by preparing project scorecards. Circulated Remedy incident status reports for effective and efficient reporting to the leadership team.  ? Incident Commander: Triaged the incidents and drafted an incident commander playbook to manage commonly seen scenarios with resolutions and workflows.  ? Change Request Management: Managed the change request process for the new CRs logged and monitored the hard scheduled CRs for timely deployment.  Technologies Used: Google Suite, MS Office, BMC Remedy (Incident Console, Problem Management Console and Problem Known Error Console), SharePoint, Clarity, Outlook, Webex and Beeline. INFRASTRUCTURAL PROJECT COORDINATOR OSR INFRA PRIVATE LIMITED April 2014 to August 2015 Organizations: OSR INFRA PRIVATE LIMITED  Project coordinator for three Projects with team of around 47 personnel building warehouses as per the PEG scheme of Food Corporation of India.  ? Planning and Implementation: Led the planning and implementation of entire life cycle of a project from conception to completion. Documented recommendations for process improvements in a re-usable playbook shared with site leads.  ? Coordination and Status Reporting: Communicated project status and red alerts to internal top management by setting up team meetings and liaised with government personnel and vendors to communicate status and understand their requirements to execute the project.  ? Order to Cash (O2C) Cycle: Handled O2C cycle for each contractor including requirement planning, quotations (collection and comparison), Order Management- Purchase Order/ Work Order creation, Credit Management- collecting and preparing goods receipt, delivery, creation of payment invoice, payment to the contractors and reporting.  ? Process Improvement: Implemented ideas for cost cutting, reducing overall budget by 8% for the project. Based on success, advised other side leads on implementing same plan.  Technologies Used: Google Suite, MS Office, Outlook, Webex and Skype for Business. Education MBA ICFAI Business School 2012 to 2014 Bachelor in Business Administration in Science and Commerce Jagran College of Arts 2009 to 2012 Links https://in.linkedin.com/in/shrutipathak127