Full Stack .NET Developer Full Stack .NET Developer Full Stack .NET Developer - Patton Financial Consultants Atlanta, GA • Installed and configured computer systems and company networks. Managed $1,500,000 portfolio of technical equipment for independent small business.    • Developed functional full-stack WordPress website using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and jQuery. Streamlined website copy to engage web traffic.    • Utilized .NET MVC to build Edible Flavour, a web application designed to help users locate ethnic food establishments in their community.    • Created portfolio of 11 websites with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Integrated web-design best practices to drive web traffic and customer confidence.    • Generated innovate website design and layouts. Tailored content with Photoshop and Adobe to populate website with interactive and original images and logos.    • Exceeded daily production quota of 40 mined kilograms of tourmaline. Performed compliance and quality control checks on all mining equipment.    • Prepared and coordinated daily mining activities for team of 100 employees. Proactively resolved logistics-limiting factors to enhance mine productivity.    • Monitored, serviced, and upgraded functioning web pages from the front end. Applied UX and UI design strategies to augment user experience.    • Acquired extensive technical skills, including JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery, C#, .NET, Microsoft SQL, WordPress, and Adobe Creative Suite. Work Experience Full Stack .NET Developer Patton Financial Consultants - St. Louis, MO 2018 to Present Achieved Full Stack .Net Development certification and graduated from Claim Academy intensive boot-camp.  ? Acquired in-depth project experience applying HTML/CSS, JavaScript ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, and Microsoft SQL Server, and SQL Queries.  ? Utilized .NET MVC to build Edible Flavour, a web application designed to help users locate ethnic food establishments in their community.  ? Developed additional technical expertise in SharePoint, Adobe Creative Suite, Agile Methodology, Project Management, Exception Handling, and Object-Oriented Programming. IT Support Patton Financial Consultants - Atlanta, GA 2017 to Present Install and configure computer systems and company networks. Manage $1,500,000 portfolio of technical equipment.  ? Diagnose hardware and software faults and solve technical application problems on-site and virtually. Leverage technical expertise to diagnose and troubleshoot problems.  ? Developed functional full-stack WordPress website using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and jQuery. Streamlined copy to engage web traffic.  4279 Roswell Road 208-309 * Atlanta, Georgia 30342 * (573) 825-7381 * soyoy.oriyomi@gmail.com    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Continued) Project Manager LMU Solutions - Lagos, NG 2015 to 2017 Nigeria  ? Created portfolio of 11 websites with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Integrated web-design best practices to drive web traffic and customer confidence.  ? Generated innovative website design and layouts. Tailored content with Photoshop and Adobe to populate website with interactive and original images and logos.  ? Monitored, serviced, and upgraded functioning web pages from the front end. Applied UX and UI design strategies to augment user experience. Field Manager Namalo International Mining Company 2013 to 2015 Ibadan, Nigeria  ? Prepared and coordinated daily mining activities for team of 100 employees. Proactively resolved logistics-limiting factors to enhance mine productivity.  ? Briefed senior leadership weekly on limiting factors and evolving issues. Developed production strategies to generate growth.  ? Met and exceeded daily production quota of 40 kilograms of tourmaline. Performed compliance and quality control checks on all mining equipment. Education Bachelor of Science in Geology Ekiti State University Skills Angular, Javascript, React Certifications/Licenses Driver's License