IT Operations Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Engineer / Project Manager Rogers, AR Work Experience IT Operations Project Manager TEK Systems / Americas Car-Mart Inc - Bentonville, AR February 2010 to Present • Managed new and existing circuits.   • Liaise vendor relations between tech teams, senior, executive management. .   • Participate and lead business process improvement efforts as they relate to the growth and development.   • Work closely with engineers to troubleshoot SIP VOIP communication failure due to newly discovered errors caused by the 7k Cisco router/QOS configurations. Figured out the Juniper hardware handled all the phone and data traffic.   • VOIP user call handling, phone extension, class of service, individual and group trunks, SIP profiles, IP phones, primary and secondary switch network connectivity, call control, hunt groups, route points, voicemail, application servers, conference bridges, SIP server profiles, site system parameters, purchase and install licenses, Call reporting, Planning and installation Maintain user accounts, phone support and troubleshooting.  • Coordinate ShoreTel/SIP VOIP system for 110 remote locations including corporate headquarters.   • Maintain DR recovery planning and testing logs VOIP/SIP DR management.   • Network Design, Server builds – OS updates, SUS/Antivirus, monitoring, and documentation   • Assign 2003 Microsoft Active Directory accounts; manage security and group policies, and user accounts and permissions.  • Hardware building and application installation in corporate office and remote locations  • Managing IT infrastructure budget  • Technical team leader and trainer  • Inventory management Owner Network Adaption's Inc - Bentonville, AR August 2008 to February 2010 • Developed Frame Relay RFP network, analyze vendor responses, and proposed 5-year network strategy; managed project aspects of network rollout.  • Evaluate advanced technology, developed business cases, and set IT direction; coordinated trials and implementation of new technology products.  • Develop, implement, maintain, and oversee enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for disaster recovery administration and business continuity based on industry-standard best practices. Provide client network, computer, server, LAN Administration, and AS/400 services; Manage asset/inventory, configuration, change and problem management system.  • Provide secure nation-wide data, voice, and video networks for client organizations.  • Reduced FTEs by 60% through standardization of operational processes and procedures  • Refined operations and vendor support; saved customer $80,000 per year.  • Developed standards and modeling framework for network, Storage Area Networks (SAN), and server systems.  • Designed and implemented IT infrastructure architecture to support worldwide ERP implementation POS system.  • Implemented HP Open View, Remedy, StorageTek D280 SAN (13TB).  • Ensure the preservation of vital information, data, or media through diligent maintenance of hard copies and backup equipment  • Provide DR support and documentation in the case of natural disasters, technical hardware failures, power outages, or human interference. Responsible for creating and maintaining failover processes and procedures in place for frame-relay, ISDN, wireless, MPLS, satellite, proxy-caching-load balancer, and firewall appliances.  • Build disaster recovery operation plans that assess monetary, customer, legal regulatory exposures, and interdepartmental dependencies that ensure the recovery time objectives are attained during a full-scale restore of system.  • Improve the overall data rate and decreasing the volume of data to be moved, all while minimizing data server resources  • Keep detailed descriptions of main system components, CPU, memory, video mode settings, drives, SCSI configuration, Network card configuration, tape drive, I/O, DMA, IRQ, and SCSI settings.  • Centralize DAS, NAS, SAN, database, and/or backup solution modules that allow the organization to monitor the entire storage enterprise with web-based console Storage Profiler Suite.  • QLogic, Cisco, Brocade and Quantum technology -Monitor live bandwidth for core fiber traffic to ensure component communication, device name lookup, security, and redundancy. Network Administrator Network Adaption's Inc September 2009 to November 2009 • Coordinating trials/implementation of new product technology for First Tennessee Bank.  • Maintain, upgrade/downgrade infrastructure bandwidth. Oversee enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for disaster recovery administration and business continuity based on industry-standard best practices.  • Manage asset/inventory, change management system.  • Ensure secure nation-wide data, voice, and video services for vendor systems.  • Standardize infrastructure deployment process and procedures. Ensure high customer satisfaction rate. Program Manager Hughes Network Systems - Bentonville, AR August 2007 to August 2008 Project manager/presales engineer directing operations of Walmart NOC, Hughes, 3rd party vendors, Permanent 3rd party v and establish satellite disaster recovery procedures. Restore mission critical applications such as pharmacy transactions, food debit cards, and VOIP phone systems. A defined severity level attributes and the associated the business impact for Severity 1: Network is down or more than 50% of the remotes are down resulting in a significant impact to business. Severity 2 is typically when a significant number of remotes are down or a situation when left uncorrected could result in a severity 1 event. Severity 3 comprises all other situations that have a moderate impact on services. Train the customer NOC to troubleshoot and open tickets. Document all processes. Education BBA in Management Information Systems University of Memphis - Memphis, TN January 1994 to January 1998 B.B.A. in Management Information Systems University of Memphis - Memphis, TN Additional Information 14 years of technical and tactical project management experience. Consistently deliver completed jobs on time, win in budget, and with high customer satisfaction. Calm to high pressure situations. Conquer demographic data and voice connectivity challenges no matter how large or small the client. Structural knowledge of copper, ISDN, fiber optics, frame relay, MPLS, ATM, SONET, WiFi, VSAT technologies.    Skills  In depth understanding of IP networking and routing protocols, RF design and RF performance, video -closed captioning with MPEG 2 and MPEG 4, Enterprise Dedicated and Multicast Satellite WAN-LAN, MPLS, frame relay, and DSL technologies-systems. Frame-Relay - IP Telephony disaster recovery satellite operations. Service Delivery System (SDS) Business Processes.    Duties and Responsibilities  • Support DR for over 6000 retail stores.  • Ensure that company hardware, systems, services, and facility are compliant with disaster recovery procedures.  • Define the process for the Customer NOC to open down tickets.  • Point of escalation for network outages.  • Provide progress updates to all stakeholders with ETA of resolution.  • Document escalation procedures.  • Test equipment including: DataPro, Windcatcher, Actix, pilot scanners, and spectrum analyzers.  • RF System Optimization techniques for voice and data - Nortel, Motorola, and Lucent  • Ability to demonstrate proficiency in office computer applications: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Access  • Designed satellite communications system for Military and government contracts.  • RF System Optimization techniques for voice and data - Nortel, Motorola, and Lucent  • Design and implement global secure computer systems and networks.  • Responsible for overseeing and presenting new business opportunities  • Assist business units with assessment of potential business impact. Define critical time sensitive functions and develop\document business continuity plans to meet SLA objectives. Coordinate 3rd party service providers satellite hardware shipment.  • Manage, configure, and troubleshoot VOIP technical problems.  • Provide on-site technical pre-sales support and day-to-day operational assistance for client's products and services.  • Assist customer account teams with request for proposals and presentations  • Order Validation, processing, field service -transport service fulfillment, billing the customer  • Site Account creation, Service pre-configuration in NOC/NOCC, Maintenance,  • Enterprise VSAT orders - DSL, different CPE types, connectivity, redundancy, and hub sharing.  • Point of escalation to Network Engineering, Field Service, and management chain.  • Track status and resolution of the problem and keep all stakeholders updated on progress of the resolution.  • Manage purchase orders, customer CER's, RMA's, Billing/Account Receivables.  • Build mobile disaster recovery vehicles to allow 1mg of bandwidth for LAN-WAN, wireless, live video-audio broadcasts, and VOIP phone traffic. Monitor utilization of network traffic  • Installation Service Level Agreement for internal and external 3rd party installation groups.  • Design, present, and manage Change requests. Monitor in route traffic Correlate audit logs and respond to events.  • Remote Maintenance - field service metrics  • Ensure the preservation of vital information, data, or media through diligent maintenance of hard copies and backup equipment    Service Master/American Home Shield, 07/2004-08/2007  Enterprise Network Engineer, Memphis, TN    Provide senior support 30 helpdesk staff (level I) in the 24x7 operation (level I) and technical support/design/engineering (level II) of three data centers, four call centers, an 800+ site frame relay network, 750+ servers, two P670s and three AS/400s (11 brands; 5,431 locations in 13 countries; 11.5M customers; oversaw change, project and implementation; cost allocation to business units; monthly and quarterly SLA reporting; root cause analysis; corporate JDE financial system operations; site, server and network security; business continuity/disaster recovery impact analysis, planning, testing, and execution; developed RFPs and analyzed responses.    Duties and Responsibilities  • Train NOC staff members on their responsibilities concerning business continuity procedures and process to create and escalate network down emergencies.  • Develop, implement, maintain, and oversee enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for disaster recovery administration and business continuity based on industry-standard best practices. Upgrade Cisco network hardware. Create and configure test lab including F5 terminal services, SVM website/database/network failover; BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, MPLS frame re-design  • Create IT service catalog; developed 3-year DR plan supporting corporate and business unit plans.  • Conceptualized, developed and implemented architecture plans for: data center power upgrades; IT equipment reorganizations; server virtualization using VMware and blade technology; AS/400 upgrades; corporate JDE ERP upgrades; test labs for voice/data systems; and server and SAN technology supporting "Smart Truck" initiative.  • Increased availability from 99.6% to 99.99%; eliminated 460 FTE hours/month through automation.  • Consolidated data centers; relocated 200+ servers; managed out-sourced data center and hardware/circuit vendors.  • Developed business justification for acquiring Remedy Change Management 6.0; developed ASP/shared services cost model for charge back of IT resources; led staff in the customization of Remedy Change Management 6.0 to meet the diverse needs of the eleven BUs; saved $170K using in-house development staff.  • Configuration/maintenance/security of Cisco wireless access points on an Enterprise level.  • Redesign network security architecture using the "Best Practice" methods.  • Responsible for design, installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and documentation of corporate WAN/LAN (over 3000 network devices, 40000 end users)  • Configuration/maintenance of Cisco routers (2k-7k series), switches (2k-6kseries), TACACS  • Checkpoint-Nokia-Cisco PIX firewall security administration / VPN engineering and support. Manage and Review firewall rules/changes  • Correlate audit logs and respond to events (Cisco IOS IDS)  • Network traffic analysis with various packet capture tools (Solar Winds, Ethereal Sniffer, Net flow)  • Support, implement, and maintain circuit connectivity to carriers  • Configuration/maintenance/support of Cisco hardware/IOS (7200, 3600, 2500, 2600 routers, 6500, 3500, 2900 switches, VPN 3000, 525 PIX), and Nokia/Checkpoint firewalls  • Execute network protocols such as IP, TCP/IP, PPP, OSPF, BGP, and EIGRP.  • Support and maintain Avaya, PBX, IVR, PGs call management and routing  • Ensure the preservation of vital information, data, or media through diligent maintenance of hard copies and backup equipment  • Serving on a 24/7 on-call basis; solving network and data communications related problems    ABANCO International/Baron Financial 07/2002-9/2004  Network Manager, Chicago, IL    Facilitate senior technical operations support for entry level, intermediate, and executive level management. Responsible for passing Visa, MasterCard, and American Express security network audit. Support daily operations of multiple business units. Improve the moral and productivity of others around me by encouraging self development learning strategies. Produce executive proposal, development and writing skills. Present exciting presentations for small and large audiences. Mentor others around me to take honor and leadership in their job role. Refined operations and vendor support; integrated daily operations of two NOCs; saved $987,000 per year. Consolidated 12 network centers into two national-level centers (completed migration in one year); saved $1.6 million/reduced FTEs by 60% through standardization of operational processes and procedures.    Duties and Responsibilities  • Install/Configure/Document Server Farm  • Direct and coordinate staff efforts to formulate department-specific disaster recovery plans for Cisco firewall, router, and switch hardware. Maintain stable IOS software by simulating hardware in lab environment.  • Provide support to management and business functional areas as requested, when a business disruption occurs by serving on a 24/7 on-call basis.  • Download and test new Wireless Access router software. Resolve monitoring traffic logs.  • Troubleshooting - Configure NT/2000/2003 servers  • Upper level helpdesk support Interact and negotiate with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to obtain protection services and products.  • Active Directory, Outlook/Exchange 2000/2003  • Microsoft group and user profiles/scripting  • Order phone and data circuits, configure, install networks  • Ghost - PC Imaging  • VPN  • Antivirus  • Kronos - Time Clock  • Magic  • Insight Manager  • Cisco Works  • DHCP/DNS, File Servers  • Design and implement Disaster Recovery policies and procedure for Frame-Relay network, Cisco PIX firewalls-VPN clients, and critical web applications  • Continually conduct simulations and test runs of system disruptions in order to revise and improve plans. Ensure PIX 515's failover to backup chassis in case of a power outage -establishes new VPN tunnels which have access internal/ external Web applications, Outlook-email, remote users can connect via VPN Client. Cisco WAN/LAN routers, switches and hubs  Gate Gourmet/Dobbs International 2000-2002  Network Administrator, Memphis, TN    Designed and executed global security policies for Check Point, Cisco PIX firewalls, and servers. Completed certified training classes for Check Point, Cisco, and Microsoft. Deployed and managed security and site to site VPNS. Implemented fail over disaster recovery procedures, documentation, and configurations for firewalls/routers/switches. Configured Cisco PIX firewalls. Reduced networking costs through VPN technology.    Duties and Responsibilities  • Maintain Cisco router, switch, and firewall configuration backups. Work with IT operations to identify and document recovery strategies.  • Responsible for troubleshooting and repairing OS2/NT/2000 hardware/software for server &workstations.  • Team leader for global Lotus Notes/Exchange 2000/Outlook conversion-rollout project  • Maintain daily/weekly the team action items reports during Token Ring to Ethernet conversion project. Assess the need for any security reconfigurations (minor or significant) and execute them after receiving approval from management.  • Trained help desk staff members to support end users on the Ethernet backbone.  • Continually conduct simulations and test runs of system disruptions in order to revise and improve plans. Ensure PIX 515's failover to backup chassis in case of a power outage -establishes new VPN tunnels which have access internal/ external Web applications, Outlook-email, remote users can connect via VPN Client.    Thomas and Betts 1998-2000  Network Systems/Database Administrator, Memphis, TN    Responsible for formulation of processes, procedures and methodologies utilized in creation/ maintenance of conceptual and logical business information systems. Managed security and administration for Microsoft Windows Check Point, NT Servers, CICS/MVS and ADABAS.    Duties and Responsibilities  • High-level hardware/software configuration support and upgrades.  • Implemented multi-tier client/server infrastructure to support development, testing and production environments.  • Interfaced Oracle/Unix database with ADABAS.  • Networked, maintained and upgraded PC/Servers.  • Responsible for disaster recovery.  • LAN/WAN printing