Quotation Specialist Quotation Specialist Project Engineer/ Project Manager (BSEE) Long Beach, CA To obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment where my leadership experience and academic skills will add value to organizational operations. Work Experience Quotation Specialist Light build design - Culver City, CA September 2016 to Present Analyze specifications including CAD structural drawings, electrical product data sheets, price lists and historical data.    Prepare cost reports and present findings to management, customer representatives, manufacturers and subcontractors.    Compute cost estimates of residential/commercial/industrial electrical and lighting systems, materials and freight.    Provide technical support to customers about LED lighting installation and/or application process.    Assist departments with administrative support in the preparations of larger and complex assignments.    Prepare submittals packages for sign off and customer approval. IT Project Manager Intelli-Flex - Torrance, CA Present • Create and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing  needs and requirements.  • Identify resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities.  • Manage day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope.  • Review deliverables prepared by team before passing to client.  • Effectively apply project methodology and enforces project standards.  • Preparefor engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures.  • Minimize exposure and risk on project.  • Ensure project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately.  • Track and report team hours and expenses on a weekly basis.  • Manages project budget.  • Determines appropriate revenue recognition, ensures timely and accurate invoicing, and  monitors receivables for project.  • Follow up with clients, when necessary, regarding unpaid invoices.  • Analyze project profitability, revenue, margins, bill rates and utilization Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering California State University - Long Beach, CA August 2012 to December 2016 Skills Excel (7 years), Quickbooks (2 years), Matlab (3 years), Solidworks (1 year), Word (10+ years), Publisher (10+ years), Autocad (2 years), Adobe (4 years), Wordperfect (1 year), Marketing (2 years), Social Media Management (2 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Visio (1 year), Budgeting (1 year), Administrative Support (6 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Project Management (1 year) Groups IEEE August 2012 to Present Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers NSBE Alumni Chapter August 2011 to Present National Society of Black Engineers, NSBE mission is to increase the number of culturally responsible black engineers who excel academically, succeed professionally and positively impact the community.