Product Manager Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Product Manager San Antonio, TX As a Product Manager working in the E-Commerce sector of retail, my top focus is the customer and bringing a company's vison to life. I am dedicated to creating seamless experiences to help customers reach their journey and shopping goals. I have the drive to help build and deliver great technological insights for developments across the company. As the bridge between business and technology grows, I set out to strengthen the relationships with stakeholders and all processing teams to provide and add value to the company and ensure quality features are delivered. My additional strengths are planning, requirements analysis, training, facilitations and coordination, and using the agile methodology. Work Experience Product Manager H-E-B - San Antonio, TX Present • Implement new features on HEB.com that has increase customer traffic by 40%.  • Create and built delivery product roadmaps with top online features that helped improved the company’s online fiscal year financial goals, competed with competition, and increased customers retention and engagement on HEB.com.   • Create innovative solutions for customers based off customer data/research provided by the Voice of the Customer (VOC) team.   • Dedicate time and assisted with QA on development testing to ensure the best customer experience was being implemented and delivered for our customers.   • Manages and prioritize the product queue/backlog while balancing and considering consumer & business needs and redesigns for the company’s digital workstream.  • Participates in UIUX Design sessions on customers journeys providing feedback and making decisions based from customer research, web data & analytics, and metrics.   • Launched a new digital online bakery & deli ordering experience by implementing a new redesign and customer journey to submit custom orders that improved sales by 30%.  • Partners with merchandising, marketing, and operations teams to improve customer experiences by addressing customer pain points and confusion.   • Lead agile workstream for HEB.com by prioritizing requirements and users stories each sprint and with coordinating all HEB.com production releases.   • Polished and updated HEB.com by repairing more than 150 defects, including UI issues, that reduce customer friction by 40%.   • Worked closely with key stakeholders in different business departments to gather and translate business goals and objectives into new features, business requirements, and user stories.   • Manages relationships and interaction with 3rd party teams and agencies.   • Collaborates with the scrum development team while representing the business to determine what features will be in the product release.  • Creates the vision and direction of the HEB.com website to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project and create requirements for features.   • Analyzes customer research and the market to build out new features that will help HEB online retail stay competitive with other retailers. IT Business Analyst II WALMART STORES, INC - Bentonville, AR 2014 to 2017 • Collaborated with global e-commerce in focusing on building and managing technology projects for the stores that help Wal-Mart more quickly identify ways to build technology that combines physical and online shopping.  • Continuously planned, design, coordinated, and created requirements for project teams to improve and develop business processes that support customers, the business, and various system applications  • Increased Sam's Club membership sales by designing a new credit card membership approval opportunity for consumers.  • Streamlined the returns and reverse logistics system, which improves customer satisfaction, reduces return costs and return rates through continuous improvements.  • Created over 400 confidential digitalized store reports that are visual online to maintain the security retention framework for each individual store and selective departments.  • Utilized the JDA Space Planning software that provides a factual basis for matching merchandising displays to the way consumers shop and makes it customizable to Walmart's needs.  • Launched program applications for Walmart's Image Modular system for stores to view a full 3D image of planograms on the Walmart portal, requiring continuous maintenance and updates.  • Spearheaded a planogram generator for the United Kingdom allowing them to allocate which region or country will receive detailed specifications for certain products.  • Trained over 7 teams of 10-12 field support technicians on the image modular applications.  • Facilitated requirement analysis workshops once a week discussing QA assessments for building applications.  • Evaluated requirement, consumer use, functionality, design, and production of applications with the business sector and IT analysis team.  • Communicated with end user to discuss feedback and necessity of application to assess if it will have a beneficial impact for the Company.  • Collaborated with business stakeholders to identify the current and future status of business processes.  • Highly proficient in writing User stories, creating Use Cases and Diagrams, and developing Mocks ups. Summer Intern/ Project Manager 2013 to 2013 • Supported a ten-person project team by implementing a credit program improving member experiences and increasing club sales in memberships.  • Presented weekly status reports to stakeholders addressing team's milestones, risks, and planned tasks from development and testing work.  • Created and coordinated various testing and system rollout plans for point of sales releases to Walmart Stores. Education B.S. in Computer Information Systems GRAMBLING STATE UNIVERSITY - Grambling, LA 2013 Skills JDA (4 years), .NET, VISUAL STUDIO, C++, SPACE PLANNING (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/KarrinaStafford Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Programming Languages: Java, C++, C, UNIX, Visual Basic, .Net    Software Applications: MS Windows 1998-2007/XP/Vista/Windows 8, Clarity 13, Open Workbench, WebEx, LeanKit, MS Project, MS SQL Server, HPALM, Team Foundation Server, SharePoint, Visio, Visual Studio, Microsoft Word, Excel, Power-point, Outlook, One-Note, Access, Jira Cloud, Pro-space: JDA Space Planning, Google Analytics, Click-Tale, Medallia, Qualtrics, Survey Monkey, New Relic for Performance