Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager Elizabethtown, KY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager PRAIRIE QUEST CONSULTING - Fort Knox, KY 2014 to 2016 Demonstrated administrative and management capability by guiding all daily activities in the USAREC G6 program. Consistently relied on communication skill to develop clear and concise plans. Drove program success via process improvements guaranteeing increased efficiency and effectiveness. Developed systematic plans to ensure timely completion of duties.  Key Accomplishments:  • Engaged with employees to ensure the meeting of PWS objectives and standards for Monthly Status Reports. IT Project Manager PRAIRIE QUEST CONSULTING - Fort Knox, KY 2013 to 2014 Exhibited ability to identify appropriate products by drawing from client requirements. History of project management skill via the development and modification of project plans according to objectives. Drove client satisfaction by assuring the quality of products and reduced customer dissatisfaction by investigating and resolving customer IT incidents. Implemented process improvements leading to increased organization efficiency in product delivery.  Key Accomplishments:  • Provided IT support to USAREC Command Group, Brigades, and Battalions.  • Migrated 200 SharePoint sites to a new server farm list. Information Technology Training Technologist MANAGEMENT AND TRAINING CONSULTANTS, INC - Fort Knox, KY 2011 to 2013 Ensured organization success through increased staff proficiency accomplished via the implementation of cutting-edge training across all 50 states and four U.S. territories. Distilled complex data for the generation of pertinent reports, charts, and graphs utilized by leaders and staff. Enhanced staff effectiveness via the development and implementation of training modules for use both online and in traditional classrooms.  Key Accomplishments:  • Implemented and monitored all alone curriculum to include live web-based training sessions, online presentations, downloads, and pre-recorded online interactive training modules.  • Delivered multi-faceted projects and provided nation-wide customer support. Education Information Technology Master Certificate in Lean Enterprise Solutions Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2015 Certificate of Achievement in Lean Six Sigma Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2015 Information Technology Certificate of Achievement in Six Sigma Green Belt Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2015 Master Certificate in IT Service Management Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2015 Certificate of Achievement in ITIL® Foundation Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2015 MICAR CHRISTIAN UNIVERSITY - Kissimmee, FL 2014 Certificate of Achievement in Mastering Project Management Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2014 Master Certificate in IS/ IT Project Management Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2014 Certificate of Achievement in Project Management Capstone Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2014 Certificate of Achievement in Maximizing Team Effectiveness for the IS/ IT Project Manager Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2014 Certificate of Achievement in Project Management for IS/ IT Professionals Villanova University - Villanova, PA 2013 Master in Pastoral Counseling Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA 2011 BS in Occupational Training & Development University of Louisville - Louisville, KY 2007 Associate in Computer Science Information Technology Central Texas College - Fort Knox, KY 2007 Skills Bilingual (10+ years), Lean Six Sigma & Green Belt (2 years), Process Improvements (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Relationship Building (10+ years), Staff Training & Leadership (10+ years), Personnel Management (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Problem Resolution (10+ years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/moralesm Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: SFC April 1984 to May 2009