Business IT Services Director & Project Manager Business <span class="hl">IT</span> Services Director &amp; <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Solutions-Oriented IT Project Manager Boulder, CO I am a solutions-oriented IT project manager with experience leading teams and delivering results to customers. I am an adept problem solver and skilled at SMB IT operations and business strategy. Furthermore, I am able to work toward long-term goals and examine big picture problems while being willing to jump into the trenches with my team. Work Experience Business IT Services Director & Project Manager iSupportU - Boulder, CO September 2011 to Present • Lead and direct a team of full-time business IT technicians, support staff, subcontractors and vendors  • Full-service project manager for 10-15 concurrent projects. Completed projects include:  • • A multiple location server implementation in a live retail environment with specific compliance needs  • • A network build-out for an oil and gas company. Negotiated ISP contracts and managed all vendors.  • • A year-long ERP implementation for a 65-person service business. Managed contractor and developers.  • • A VOIP install for 60 extensions across two offices. Assessed bandwidth requirements, contacted six ISP/phone vendors to understand current situation, determined porting strategy, and worked with on-ground IT contractor and phone provider in the remote office.  • • A point-of-sale install/cutover for a live retail environment; dealt with incompatible legacy hardware/software that made complete cutover challenging. Required a large amount of vendor communication.  • Closed over 150 total projects  • Solved problems and devised workarounds to achieve milestones and meet expectations   • Clearly communicated challenges and had difficult conversations regarding budget, timeline and scope  • Account manager for roughly 70 client accounts; manage revenue opportunities and write proposals  • Oversee department operations to increase profitability and efficiencies in the areas of service management, accounting, staffing, and day-to-day structure  • Currently designing a more robust service management structure to follow ITIL best practices  • Resident expert of our go-to CRM and project management solution; perform and serve as technical lead on certain projects (i.e. CRM/ERP migration, cutover, training, implementation & operational consulting) Marketing & Operations Manager Stellar Properties - Boulder, CO February 2010 to September 2011 • Managed all of the operations for a full-service real estate agency  • Managed transactions from contract to close to ensure contractual deadlines were met  • • Licensed Transaction Manager for over 20 closings - worked with title company, brokers and clients  • • Listing Coordinator for over 30 sellers - coordinated vendors to ensure homes were ready to list in time  • • Assisted over 20 buyers by showing properties, preparing CMAs, and running searches based on need Education B.S. in Journalism University of Colorado at Boulder - Boulder, CO 2005 Skills Project Management, IT Project and Program Management, Customer Service, Operations Management, IT Operations Management, Management, Account Management, ITIL Certified. Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/christinasavage Additional Information AWARDS & LEADERSHIP  August 2010 - April 2012  Directed the marketing committee of a Boulder 2140 and served on its Board of Directors  Awarded 2012 Member of Distinction in March 2012 by the Boulder Chamber of Commerce    CERTIFICATIONS  ITIL® v3 Foundation Certified in IT Service Management - June 2012    Currently working toward Project Management Professional (PMP) certification