IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Experienced IT Business Analyst & Project Manager Middleburg Heights, OH I'm a high-energy, well-rounded professional with the drive and focus to move projects through  complex lifecycles on time and under budget. I've derived my strong business acumen through a  unique blend of classroom and on-the-job experience, effectively preparing me for opportunities in  sales, analytics, and management. I seek a position that actively leverages my skill set and  personality in ways that directly contribute to the goals of the organization. Work Experience IT Project Manager Rosetta - Cleveland, OH August 2012 to August 2013 Managed holistic project life cycles, from statement of work through production release, for a  Fortune 1000 client portfolio of over $2 million.  - Supported the sales team in proposal and implementation plan formation for major accounts.  - Managed and mitigated risk while providing resolution for current issues.  - Communicated project status between agency and client executives.  - Orchestrated core teams of 10-20 people, coordinating with up to 40 supplementary team  members.  - Mediated change management with the client during releases.  - Responsible for and provided 24/7 support for an online retail store that received an average of 2 million hits per month. Financial Analyst The Sherwin-Williams Company - Cleveland, OH April 2012 to August 2012 Monitored Sherwin-William's Global Finishes Group European entities, totaling over $450  million dollars in annual sales across 15 countries.  - Assisted with month-end close, monthly forecasting, consolidation of foreign subsidiaries,  financial report analysis and preparation, and account reconcilement.  - Traveled overseas to train Sherwin-Williams' accounting practices to acquired European  accounting teams.  7073 Middlebrook Blvd. | Middleburg Hts., Ohio 44130 | 440-724-8942 | Louis.Guzzo@gmail.com Business Analyst The Sherwin-Williams Company - Cleveland, OH July 2010 to April 2012 Acted as a liaison between the business and technological resources, within Financial  Services, to actively and effectively promote business process improvement through defining  requirements, conducting detailed analysis and testing, as well as implementing solution  design  - Provided primary support, both functional and technical, for Oracle modules including, but not  limited to, Accounts Receivable, General Ledger, Financial Subledger Accounting Hub, and  Virtual Trader to provide the utmost commendable experience possible to the customer  - Offered secondary support to the business for Oracle's Property Manager and Accounts  Payable modules as needed  - Provided alternate support for the Corporate Chart of Accounts Maintenance Team.  Responsibilities included, but were not limited to, creating and maintaining division codes,  accounts, cost centers, security rules, and cross validation rules.  - Standardized and created several sets of instruction manuals, for various departments to maximize value added time while completing recurring activities.  - Supported Financial Shared Services' Transactional Lean training initiative by being  available for assistance and instruction as needed.  - Executed all activities with a continuous improvement mindset, applying Transactional Lean  where possible. Asst. Manager The Sherwin-Williams Company - Dayton, OH October 2009 to July 2010 Actively and successfully managed a $1,000,000 retail paint store while increasing sales with chart topping increases in comparison to the rest of the district; up 24% through Q1 2010.  - Revaluated and devised a plan to eliminate unnecessary spending and expenses therefore  increasing the store's controllable contribution; up 3% through Q1 2010.  - Managed a team of 3 employees, including schedule development, conflict resolution, and reconciliation of any dissatisfaction. Education Masters of Business Administration in G.A.M.B.A Cleveland State University - Cleveland, OH January 2011 to December 2011 Bachelor of Science in Finance University of Dayton - Dayton, OH August 2006 to May 2009