Assistant IT Manager Assistant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assistant IT Manager - Powell's Books Portland, OR Provide my skills, passion and strengths by utilizing my project management, brand specialization, customer service and communication skill set. To further grow and excel at my skills, organizational development, and my role within your company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant IT Manager Powell's Books July 2015 to Present Assigned and directed the work of the IT department which included aligning work with corporate and departmental goals, prioritizing tasks and projects, and monitoring workflow.  ? Ensured high quality customer support and troubleshooting are delivered in a timely and coordinated fashion.  ? Acted as liaison between business units/stores and IT department and maintained regular communication through meetings and cross training events.  ? Developed IT support process and documentation strategies, including change control management.  ? Set clear expectations and goals for IT teams. Track progress against timeline, milestones and budget, revise as needed.  ? Made recommendations for policies, procedures, standards, and controls for the IT Department.  ? Hired for department, determined and coordinated training for staff, provided ongoing coaching and goal setting, developed and delivered performance reviews and management (including discipline and terminations). Project Manager Salesforce.com November 2014 to July 2015 Lead Customer Advocacy and CSAT projects, NOC process project, ITAM fiscal process review projects.  ? Supervised on-going work to keep track of scope, client requirements, work quality. Assess project viability throughout lifecycle.  ? Developed IT support process strategy and recommendations based on data analysis through reports, KPIs and dashboards.  ? Set clear expectations and goals for IT teams. Track progress against timeline, milestones and budget, revise as needed.  ? Responsible for monitoring multiple contact channels used by Salesforce IT support teams for SLA compliance, escalations, and exceptions.  ? Managed customer relationships by acting as a customer advocate, intervened on urgent issues and escalated to management as necessary. Lead Operations Analyst Salesforce.com April 2013 to October 2014 Directed team knowledge training, new hire training, and knowledge base development.  ? Supervised new and changes to current technology project management related to OS image changes, services catalog, and New Hire documentation.  ? Oversaw web queue management, escalations, QA process.  ? Facilitated hiring, onboarding, and training new hires. Worked closely with management to ensure training content is up to date and effective.  ? Managed team of 7 and cultivated team culture, communicated team direction and individual goals, provided regular performance feedback through regular 1:1 meetings.  ? Supported internal customers with troubleshooting technical problems: networking, administrative access, mobility, remote support, software installs.  ? Met and achieved weekly ticket closure and customer satisfaction survey goals.  ? Participated in developing and aligning team values and objectives.    Early Career:  Manager: eBay Sales UCC Vintage Clothing November 2010- April 2013    ? Supervised eBay store operations including: detailed product research, customer communications/retention planning and shipping/returns.  ? Facilitated hiring and training of store assistants  ? Managed inventory and supply including setting and maintaining budget.  ? Set and achieved weekly sales goals.    Manager: Outside Sales Team & Retail Assistant Recchiuti Confections Jul 06-Nov 08  ? Provided excellent customer service to the online customer base including purchase assistance via voice, email or mail.  ? Maintained online order and sales database including Fishbowl and Quickbooks POS.  ? Mangaed new corporate partners' accounts and relationship.  ? Oversaw inventory, staff training, sales, and customer service.    Manager: Retail Miette Confiserie Feb 07- Oct 08  ? Supervised retail store as well as managed and monitored web based store  ? Managed new employee training and staff meetings.  ? Oversaw accounting, sales and budget.  ? Successful event planning.  ? Maintained accurate merchandise inventories. Education Communications, Sociology, Statistics, Project Management Saddleback College - Mission Viejo, CA 2005 to 2006 Tulane University - New Orleans, LA 2003 to 2005 Skills Active Directory (4 years), CRM (4 years), Point of Sale (5 years), Quickbooks (1 year), RSA (4 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Customer Retention (10+ years), Leadership Training (5 years), Technical Writing (4 years), Team Building (5 years), Training (10+ years), Business Analysis (4 years), Change Management (4 years), Documentation (6 years), Excel (10+ years), Database Management (2 years), Google Analytics (Less than 1 year), Knowledge Management (6 years), Kanban (Less than 1 year), Leadership Development (2 years), E-Commerce (3 years), Process Improvement (6 years), Root Cause Analysis (5 years), Salesforce (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelly-noack-b89b9067/ Certifications/Licenses Salesforce ADM 201 Additional Information Proficient in: Active Directory and EMC, RSA and VPN, Mac OSX, Windows 7, Linux, Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerBI), Quickbooks (Point of Sale and Accounting), CRM management. Excellent word processing, product marketing and data entry skills    Some experience in: DNN, PCI, Puppet, SQL, Splunk, Agile, Harvest, Asana, Gsuite, Squarespace, HTML, CSS, Markdown