Research Manager Research <span class="hl">Manager</span> Research Manager - Lieberman Research Worldwide Sherman Oaks, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Research Manager Lieberman Research Worldwide October 2014 to Present Managing the market research process from survey design to report development and advancement of strategic  recommendations.  • Managing vendors and workflow through survey creation, data collection, and data processing, while serving as a  supportive and creative partner to our clients.  • Streamlining processes by prioritizing tasks, proactively communicating with project teams and departments, and utilizing technology solutions when applicable.  • Managing junior support by facilitating trainings, providing ongoing performance feedback, and conducting  formal reviews. Research Associate Lieberman Research Worldwide April 2014 to October 2014 Analyzed research data from customized studies to provide actionable recommendations to fortune 500  companies.  • Managed quality assurance processes for deliverables including questionnaires, data tables, and final reports.  • Maintained a clear line of communication with programming and data processing vendors. IT Project Manager Healthline Medical Group February 2014 to April 2014 Helped to implement new billing software to increase productivity and efficiency. Fighter Pilot Israeli Air Force January 2010 to August 2013 Ranked the #1 fighter pilot trainee out of 10,000 applicants based on distinguished aerial performance and precise execution of assigned missions.  • Served as captain for aerial trainings, helping the pilots to safely experience air combat in a controlled  environment.  • Developed and managed training schedules for all Israeli Air Force fighter jet squadrons, setting weekly mission  goals for aviation fleets and conducting weekly debriefs.  • Created informative lectures to educate the fighter pilot trainees about the essential components and avionics of the aircraft. Education Bachelor of Arts in Information Systems Management Gurion University of the Negev January 2010 to October 2012 Additional Information SKILLS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS    • Recipient of the Lieberman Research Worldwide 2014 Innovation Award for developing a project management tool.  • Recipient of the Lieberman Research Worldwide Yeowman Award for accurate execution of a study on a tight  timeline.  • Chosen to be featured on the Lieberman Research Worldwide website as the new employee to watch.  • Skilled in Microsoft Office: Excel (including VBA), Word, and PowerPoint.  • Experience in working with SPSS and Survey Reporter.  • Fluent in English and Hebrew.  • Certified Private Pilot, Skipper, Military Paratrooper, and Scuba Diver