IT Administration / Programmer <span class="hl">IT</span> Administration / Programmer IT Administration / Programmer - MMR ProCom Cypress, TX A dedicated professional with 3+ years experience in IT, specialized in excellent customer service  skills with many years of direct customer contact. Experienced in coordinating work between many  employees to achieve common organizational goals. Flexible to organizational changes, learning new  tasks quickly. Excels at troubleshooting via utilizing search and a large base of human resources and  able to quickly research and diagnose issues with excellent human resources. Seeking to grow my  knowledge and experience in the IT field. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Administration / Programmer MMR ProCom November 2013 to Present Duties:  • First-level IT Administrator for system setup and troubleshooting for both on-site and remote users.  • AD administration that encompassed new user setup, asset access, and disabling accounts.  • Outsourced email user and group setup, addition to firewall, administration, backup, and disable.  • CISCO IP Phone administration responsible for telephone issue, setup, and re-assignment.  • Assisted in transfer from POTS to CISCO IP via Fiber VLAN to CISCO Unified Server in corporate office.  • Responsible for tracking computer/electronic assets for both on-site and remote users.  • Access Database Administration and Programmer.  • Fixed an employee-tracking database that was not working and then expanded it to generate our  weekly Payroll reports.  • Created a backup system that made daily backups of the database.  • Expanded the database again to add Billing functionality/reporting and am currently working on adding Asset Tracking.  • Created a new wireless presentation system that was run from an iPad.  • Set up an IP Video Conference system at a remote location to allow it to communicate to various  offices throughout the United States.  • Installed and administered IP based CCTV/DVR System.    Work Experience: Marketing Technology Project Manager Edge Group June 2013 to November 2013 Duties:  • Manage and upgrade seven websites on five servers.  • Manage the implementation of a new product database.  • Develop and manage a method to enhance product content by utilizing data mining software.  • Develop new websites for members.  • Complete re-design and update of company website and migration to new server.  • Develop eCommerce/SEO training program for members.  • Streamline data access for members to reduce steps necessary to retrieve data.  • Serve as the main point of contact for member support issues.    Work Experience: Senior Account Manager Edge Group November 2011 to June 2013 Duties:  • Coordinate, integrate and, implement hardware/software interface to an existing software platform.  • Assist division vice president and direct supervisor in generating accurate reporting spreadsheets for company owner.  • Develop software document templates to assist in communication with prospects.  • Be the main point of contact for the organization's clients  • Work closely with the client's sales managers and salesman to help schedule sales appointments.  • Develop marketing strategies and campaigns in tandem with the client. Education Bachelor of Science in Information System and Cyber-Security ITT Technical Institute June 2016 Associate of Applied Science in Networking System Administration ITT Technical Institute March 2014 Additional Information Operating Systems: Backtrack and Kali  Penetration Testing: nmap, zenmap, Nessus, Metasploit, Netcat, nikto.pl, Burpsuite, Paros Proxy, Hydra,  TamperData, CookieManager, Firebug, Wireshark, and tcpdumpm  Password Tools: Hiren's, Knoppix, Ophcrack, John-the-Ripper  Wireless Testing: airmon-ng, airodump-ng, aireplay-ng, and aircrack-ng  Capture the Flag Projects: Damn Vulnerable Web App, Metasploitable, OWASP, and Mutillidae  Programming Languages: C, Visual Basic, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, and SQL    General Software Proficiency:    Virtual Software: ESXi, Hyper-V, VMWare Player, VMWare Workstation, VirtualBox, and GNS3  Microsoft Office: 2003, 2007, 2010, and 2013  Ticketing System: Spiceworks