Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - OPNIA LLC Saint Louis Park, MN As both a Project Manager and Event Manager, I take the lead on multiple projects and  events simultaneously to ensure all necessary tasks are delegated and carried through to  completion. While internally working to keep projects on scope, within budget and on time, I  develop and facilitate positive and communicative client relationships. Work Experience Project Manager OPNIA LLC September 2014 to Present Collaborate with strategy, development and creative teams to scope and meet project  objectives.  • Facilitate effective communications between Opnia teams and stakeholders.  • Generate, assign and oversee internal project tasks using JIRA Agile project management  software.  • Update and maintain firm website using WordPress content management system.  • Create and manage project statements of work documents, budgets and timelines.  • Supervise project status reports on client activity and internal agency operations.  • Create and process all client invoices and payments using QuickBooks software.  • Schedule, initiate and direct project kickoff and internal meetings. Event Manager ROCK 4A REASON January 2013 to Present Plan, organize and execute Rock 4A Reason, an annual live music and silent auction event to benefit St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  • Develop and execute both digital and traditional marketing strategies for event promotion.  • Design, develop, and update the event website.  • Create and facilitate partnerships with sponsors and donors.  • Identify and monitor annual event budget and donations.  • Sign musical acts and coordinate with venue to ensure event technical needs are satisfied. Intellectual Property Paralegal, IT/Web Administrator VIKSNINS November 2011 to September 2014 Prepared and filed US and PCT applications and filings using EFS-Web and ePCT.  • Coordinated international filings and prosecution with clients and foreign associates.  • Managed and maintained client docket dates and reports.  • Addressed firm IT needs, resolved internal IT issues and solicited external IT solutions.  • Updated and maintained firm website content using Dreamweaver CS5.5. Education Bachelor of Arts in Spanish Studies and Business Management UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA - Minneapolis-Saint Paul, MN 2008 Additional Information • Adept in Microsoft Excel, Word, Publisher, PowerPoint, and Outlook programs  • Proficient in WordPress Content Management System and Adobe Dreamweaver CS5.5.  • Exceptional written and spoken communication abilities.  • Excellent organizational and time management skills.