IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Morgan Lewis - Philadelphia, PA August 2016 to Present Project Manager / Agile Coach – IT Service Delivery    Lead enterprise-wide Windows 10 implementation for 4500 users in 29 offices across 11 countries.    Provided fundamental guidance in formation and maturation of firm’s first-ever PMO, vastly increasing program success as measured by KPI’s of schedule, cost, quality, and scope.     Facilitated Agile best practices as Agile coach at program and team level, increasing team collaboration, throughput, and control.     Aligned IT product development and delivery with market need by deploying sound metrics which clearly mapped to business initiatives. Sr. IT Project Manager Dave Morrow Photography - Philadelphia, PA November 2015 to July 2016 Launched and integrated BSS applications on e-commerce platforms to support the sale and maintenance of a diverse digital product suite    Automated presales, sales, provisioning, and customer relationship channels while improving system scalability and streamlining user experience    Designed and executed direct marketing strategies informed by customer analytics resulting in significant growth of traffic, sales, and post-sales customer engagement    Tools and platforms: Adobe Marketing Cloud, Google Analytics, Shopify, Squarespace, Symphony Commerce, WordPress Sr. IT Project Manager Comcast - Philadelphia, PA January 2014 to November 2015 Empowered highly collaborative teams to incrementally develop, continuously integrate, efficiently test, and automatically deploy excellent business support software to 5000+ users.     Advised and executed Agile best practices as Agile coach in Legacy-to-Agile organizational transformation     Enhanced quoting, sales, order management, provisioning, billing, and customer care applications to be dynamically configurable in support of all enterprise lines of business. Simplified system integration and drastically reduced time-to-market of future products.    Delivered business and operations support software enabling Comcast Business customers to broadcast and seamlessly manage public and private Wi-Fi hotspots from a mobile device or desktop application. Hardened customer network security, bolstered customer reporting metrics, and significantly enhanced user experience. Education BA Pennsylvania State University-Main Campus - State College, PA 2008 to 2012 Skills Agile (4 years), Scrum (4 years), IT Proje (5 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Confluence (2 years), Rally (4 years), JIRA (4 years), Microsoft Powerpoint (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2015 to October 2020 Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) Practitioner July 2016 to July 2021 CAPM March 2014 to March 2019