IT/DIGITAL SOLUTIONS PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span>/DIGITAL SOLUTIONS <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Greensboro, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT/DIGITAL SOLUTIONS PROJECT MANAGER Center for Creative Leadership - Greensboro, NC 2015 to 2017 27406  ? Experienced in managing the design, development,  darrylpowell9@icloud.com delivery and evaluation of multiple projects. Responsible for the day-to-day management of projects through all  540-847-1568  stages of the commercialization process, to ensure the    project is completed using a customer-focused lens  about me within budget and on time.  ? Manages core members of project team as well as serves  Diligent project manager offering a as primary liaison between key stakeholders, core design  proven record of success leading all  team, CCL Infrastructure across all campuses and external  phases of diverse technology projects  and digital solution strategies vendors.  ? Completed programming assignments to enhance  Business strategist; plan and manage automated data/voice applications and software within multimillion-dollar projects aligning mainframe, network and client/server environments.  business goals with technology Improved functioning of databases, communication  solutions to drive process  systems, storage area networks and server configurations  improvements, competitive  ? Enterprise Implementations: Directed global rollouts of advantage and bottom-line gains.  new software and systems for clients including Essilor    America and Coca-Cola.  Excellent communicator; leverage  technical, business and financial Results: Ensured defect-free releases through careful  acumen to communicate effectively planning, testing and QA efforts with client executives and their  respective teams DIGITAL PROGRAM MANAGER Center for Creative Leadership 2013 to 2015 management methodologies; known  for ability to produce high-quality ? Manage and Direct Open Enrollment and Custom  deliverables that meet or exceed programs, including program logistics and other IT  timeline and budgetary targets supportive functions  ? Analyze client assessments  education ? Maintains program deliverables' including program  schedules, status reports, communications and COLORADO STATE  UNIVERSITY (Global management plans and processes  Campus), ? Led design and multinational rollout of robust, scalable  Greenwood Village, CO and secure electronic data interchange (EDI), enterprise  MS in Organizational Leadership Education Bachelor's of Arts in Public Management Colorado State University-Global Campus - Greensboro, NC January 2012 to April 2017 Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: Staff Sergeant December 2003 to June 2013