Sales Associate Sales Associate Sales Associate Miami, FL ? Fully bilingual in English and Spanish (verbal and written)  ? Knowledgeable in marine mechanics and metal manufacturing  ? Knowledgeable in marketing communications Work Experience Sales Associate Van Shoes Outlet Store - Simpsonville, KY October 2016 to March 2017 Supplied welcoming, helpful and exceptional service to store customers; provided comprehensive assistance with selection of merchandise; provided a seamless personalized iconic experience for customers; greeted each person with a polite, friendly and professional approach; ensured that every sale is managed in a timely and accurate manner; exhibited strong ability in cash registers.  ? Conducted thorough assessment of store inventory and restocked merchandise; ensure that there is supply to meet customer demands and that inventory is maintained at target level. General Project Manager's Assistant Metalica Perez, S.A - Panama City, PA August 2012 to July 2015 Supplied substantial assistance to the General Project Manager with project designs; maintained regular and prompt communication with potential customers providing remarkable customer service that significantly increased business opportunities and improved sales results.  ? Provided managerial oversight and direction during the fabrication of sheet metal products such as commercial kitchen exhaust systems, stainless steel working tables and other custom-made products; made certain that commitments are achieved within agreed upon time, cost, and quality parameters.  ? Drove strong sales performance and undertook various sales initiatives with a commitment to continuous growth and development of new business opportunities; conducted highly effective on-site product demonstrations and orchestrated the creation of marketing strategies for the local market.  ? Focused on growth and development of income streams by optimizing the sales and marketing initiatives; formulated and incorporated promotional deals for specific products; proactively participated at local trade shows to generate new prospects, increase brand awareness and strengthen the company credibility. IT Network Manager's Assistant Balboa Academy (Education Center) - Panama City, PA January 2012 to August 2012 Managed the resolution of various software and hardware issues; efficiently and effectively handled a range of matters of contentious nature; delivered high quality technical support by installing computers, verifying connectivity, trouble shooting, dismantling of hardware, installation of new hardware and cable laying for network.  ? Formulated inventory procedures for all technological devices leading to improved and streamlined management of technological supplies. Education Bachelor's in Communications University of Louisville May 2017 Certificate in Marine Mechanics Universal Technical Institute December 2011 Marine Mechanics Institute - Orlando, FL Skills ADOBE ILLUSTRATOR (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), ILLUSTRATION (Less than 1 year), ILLUSTRATOR (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technology Skills:  Software: Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, social media platforms. Basic knowledge on Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator