IT Solutions Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Solutions <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Solutions Project Manager - Sikich LLP Wadsworth, OH Work Experience IT Solutions Project Manager Sikich LLP - Akron, OH May 2018 to Present Assisting clients implement Office 365, Skype for Business, and Server Migrations. Responsibilities included reviewing sales documents, Creating and maintain project documentation, following the project life cycle, and maintaining Customer satisfactions. Upon start I created new documents and procedures for the NET Project Managers to follow, along with review any existing documentation. Project Manager Amtrust Financial - Cleveland, OH July 2015 to January 2018 Working as a part of the Infrastructure Project Management team, I managed between 6-8 Projects at once. These projects could be at different phases during the project lifecycle. I was responsible for creating project plans and maintain project documentation. Creating project status reports and providing updates to upper management.  Mergers / Acquisitions and Office Moves - I was responsible for working with the acquired IT department to fully integrate them into Amtrust. This would consist of Application Migration, work station upgrades, office hardware upgrades, assuming responsibility over IT contracts, and data transfers. I would need to work across multiple departments to plan the migration of data, and ensuring the applications were running properly. Depending on executive decisions we would need to complete an office move or move one of our existing offices to a new location. During this process we would upgrade the office hardware if needed. This would include new cameras, door security, computers and printers. Printers would need to be selected on business needs, amounts of users, and office space.  Internal Enhancement Projects - Managing internal enhancements was also a large part of my job responsibility. Some of the projects consisted of firewall migration, data center consolidation, data center builds, and SharePoint upgrade. I needed to ensure that all of documentation was completed and assist the engineers with their tasks. Lead Project Coordinator Acuative - Strongsville, OH October 2013 to July 2015 I was a Lead Project Coordinator at Acuative. I supervised a team of 4 project coordinators, whom I interviewed and trained. I oversaw projects that will be on boarded to the project coordination team along with taking on projects myself. The Project Coordination Team handled multiple projects/clients, and assists Project Management with tasks in their projects. This position was very customer focused, and a vital key in the process of service delivery. I have also assisted with the implementation of new processes and procedures with the assistance of the PM Lead, and PMO Director. Day to day tasks would be attending meetings, ticket entry, creating ticket verbiage for techs, working with the dispatch team, and ensuring all of the correct tickets are in the system. Premises Technician AT&T U-Verse - Brecksville, OH May 2013 to October 2013 I was a Premises Technician for AT&T U-Verse. I Installed IPtv, Internet, and VoIP into Customers homes along with Businesses. I learned to climb a Telephone Pole, Terminate Cat5 cable, Terminate Coax Cable and Fish cable through walls. I am also qualified to carry a 24 foot Fiberglass extension ladder. I had to work inside and outside of customer homes, and ensure that my work was done correctly and looked clean. In some instances, we needed to create a hole in the wall, or floor of the location to run cable. Education Associate of Applied Science degree in Network Systems Administration in Network Systems Administration ITT Technical Institute - Akron, OH December 2012 to July 2013 Additional Information • Data Center Consolidation  • Mergers and Acquisitions  • Business Management Certificate  • Strong use of Microsoft office  • Use of Waterfall and Agile methodologies (including hybrid)  • Scheduling  • Microsoft Project  • Project planning  • IT Infrastructure  • Data Entry  • ServiceNow  • Telecommunications  • Maintaining and creating project documentation    • Strong communication skills  • Server Migrations  • Firewall upgrade  • Tracking  • Change Management  • Data Center Build out  • Skype For Business Implementations