Job Seeker Istanbul I have worked on cloud computing and big data technologies throughout my working life. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience ?nfoliz Software March 2016 to December 2016 Image Tagging, Defining Automatic Plate, Natural Language  Processing, Auto Keyword of Document Extracting the Concept and Abstract )    Python and java platforms are used to perform arge studies on deep learning, image processing, and text analysis.  1. In the field of text analysis, studies such as document similarity and classification, keyword,  subject and summary extraction, automatic text generation system with data trained in a certain  dominant language were used by using deep learning method.  2. In the field of image processing, automatic picture labeling (deep learning) and automatic plate  recognition system (deep learning) have been studied.  3. Gensim, Theano and Tensorflow from Deep Learning Technologies were used.    INTERSHIP COMPANIES  Detay Consultancy2012-2014 Project management Movie Library- Homework 2014 to 2014 system has been realized with JSF, PrimeFaces, Apache Solr, ApacheDs and MongoDB. With this project I got 2241-A Industry Assisted Undergraduate Thesis Support. A  number of projects are undertaken in institutional companies which ensure that these projects  are managed effectively and that information learned during the projects is not lost. Movie Library- Homework 2013 to 2014 JSF, PrimeFaces, ApacheDB and MongoDB. This is a project where everyone can archive their  movies and access other member's favorites and add movies. I made recommendation system for Smart Document Manager project Detay Consultancy 2012 to 2014 Smart Document Management System) 2012-2014  • It is a project where documents and files are safely kept and the documents are loaded into the system and not analyzed, and only open source software is used.  • Big Data analysis, CMIS integration, NoSQL database, Apache Solr and Apache ManifolodCF    Within the scope of the project, I set up the LDAP system which is the user authentication system in the system  infrastructure and I used Openstack and Docker from cloud technologies. I designed a private cloud system  using these technologies and contributed to the learning of machines on documents and the study of text  mining. Apache Hadoop to store data and on I used Apache Mahout to do the analysis. I used classical  machine learning methods (kmeans, knn). I made Apache Solr suitable for the project to search documents on documents, and I used MongoDB, the NoSQL database, to store the meta-data of the documents in the  project. I used Apache Solr for cluster type so that I need to use Apache Zookeeper.    I was also involved in the project under the ArGE Beginning Support Program number 7150247 by  Detail Consulting Company and I set up the OpenSTack and private cloud system in the project  scope and created the automatic Hadoop cluster through this extension. I used Sahara plugin on  OpenStack for automatic hadoop cluster. A recommendation system was developed in this  machine-based project. I have tried PredictionIO for the referral system and I have been involved in the work of Apache Hadoop, Apache HBase, Apache Spark and Elasticsearch to use this API. I used  Apache Mahout in running certain tasks on Hadoop.    I made recommendation system for Smart Document Manager project. I used PredictionIO  framework for recommendation system. I made analysis documents on Hadoop and Apache  Spark. Automation of Furniture 2013 to 2013 -2013  Furniture automation has been realized using JSF, PrimeFaces and MySQL database. It is a  web system where the products in the furnite company are exhibited and sold online. IT Project Manager Real Estate Automation - Homework 2011 to 2012 Real estate automation system was realized using JSP, HTML and MySQL. This is a web project which keep information about house, office and land where 81 city. In this project, users will be  able to see properties such as province, real estate status ( for sale/rental), price range. Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Programming Languages: Java, JavaFX, Python ve Go  Software  • Veritaban?: MySQL, PostgreSQL, DB, MongoDB•  • Platformlar: Linux, CentOS, RedHat    Others: OpenStack, Docker, Apache Solr, Apache ManifoldCF, Apache Hadoop, Apache  Mahout, OpenLDAP, ApacheDS, Jenkins, ElasticSearch, Hortonworks, Sahara,  Tensorflow, Tweepy, Apache CMIS, DeepLearning4j, Apache Zookeeper, PredictionIO