IT Release Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Release <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Release Manager - KRAFT HEINZ Chicago, IL Work Experience IT Release Manager KRAFT HEINZ - Chicago, IL 2018 to Present Serve in a multifaceted role revolving around retrieving / presenting SAP analytics, technical writing, and reviewing / approving Revtracs. Develop and lead a cross-functional team in daily efforts. Oversee and coordinate the deployment of releases across the entire enterprise for multiple applications. Create and distribute communication for outages. Schedule and host Hypercare calls. Meticulously document and communicate changes for a release in release notes. Plan and facilitate change / release management meetings.  • Leverage technical expertise to swiftly address and resolve complex issues; document findings to prevent recurrences.  • Work with developers, change management and operations engineers to define, manage and execute milestones for each release  • Build and align the organization's release calendar, working closely with development managers and release managers from other platform teams Release Management Project Specialist II & I HEWLETT PACKARD ENTERPRISE - Houston, TX 2016 to 2018 Promoted in 2018 to the Specialist II designation in recognition of exceptional performance. Oversaw and managed multiple concurrent projects from initial concept, planning/scheduling, through to final delivery. Developed and led a cross-functional team of 30. Leveraged technical expertise to direct testing and troubleshooting efforts; employed root cause analysis to identify, isolate, and remediate complex issues. Analyzed and managed risks; remediated issues that affected release scopes/schedules/quality. Openly communicated all key project plans / changes including requirements and quality assurance plans. Continuously sought out, identified, and acted upon opportunities to drive process improvement and ensure stakeholder satisfaction.  • Initially built and resolved issues for the SPP Custom Download Hot Fix bundle; improved process efficiency by 35%.  • Employed technical expertise to create and manage the component add-on bundle that provided 30 internal test teams access to new components; effectively streamlined efforts.  • Proactively prevented roadblocks by 33% by resolving a metadata issue in conjunction with component owners.  • Slashed time required to prepare SPP Content Report and Component Notes reports by a drastic 96%.  • Reduced customer issues by 20% by leading sales and engineering meetings; focused on ensuring all cross-functional teams employed a customer-focused approach.  • Enhanced reporting time by 74% while simultaneously improving accuracy within the deprecated build environment. Project Manager & Project Management Intern KCI / ACELITY - San Antonio, TX 2014 to 2016 Began tenure in an internship to receive an offer of full-time work. Managed full project life cycle of multiple concurrent initiatives. Consistently delivered projects on time, within budget, and aligned with established specifications. Developed and administered project budgets in excess of $1.5M; capitalized on opportunities to save costs. Developed and facilitated training sessions.  • Delivered $25K in cost savings on a large-scale project.  • Achieved 15% annual cost savings for the company upon the completion of a $1.5M printer replacement project. Education Master of Business Administration in Information Technology in Information Technology Western Governors University 2019 Bachelor of Business Management in Marketing in Business Management University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX 2014 Skills Deployment, Waterfall, Project Management (6 years), Salesforce Links http://linkedin.com/in/kai-agyeman-85353749