IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Experienced IT Project Manager with background in Data Analytics Hamilton, OH Global IT Project Manager with an advanced Excel Reporting and Data Analytics background. Strong analytical skills, experience as a liaison between business and technical teams and proven experience communicating with key stakeholders, domestic and international Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Logic Technology, Inc - Cincinnati, OH May 2015 to Present Managing project that is a part of the S.A.N.D. (Secure Architecture Network Design) Program  to improve GE's ability to maintain a secure network.  • Migrating over 2,225 AD Objects that encompass servers and storage to a single  OneAD domain to facilitate the elimination of ~100 existing AD Domains with focus on  20 Aviation Domains.  • Working directly with Program Managers, Value Stream Managers, Site Leaders and Asset owners to identify sites, servers and applications with AD Objects in Legacy  Domains.  • Coordinate the scheduling of entire sites and individual servers for migration with Cooperate OneAD Program Manager and Migrations Technicians.  • Created Detailed Scorecards, Reports and Analytical breakdowns of raw data in MS  Excel to assist in driving project completion and tracking progress. Scorecards and Reports are used directly by Aviation OneAD Program Lead in weekly status updates  presented to GE Leadership.  • Engaging leadership of other teams to work cohesively to assist in seeing that additional  organization wide projects are completed. IT Project Manager Logic Technology, Inc January 2015 to May 2015 Power and Water Obsolescence Project Manager January 2015 – May 2015  • Expansion of the original Aviation role to the Power and Water Business at GE. Additional projects ran concurrently with other projects.  • Designated to assist in on-boarding of new team members, familiarizing them with the Tech Refresh and Decommission process that had been established and refined within prior obsolescence projects  • Initiated and organized multi-business project across all of Power and Water and Aviation with involvement from corporate teams to reduce the dependency on Domain Controllers.  • 150+ Domain Controllers that will be decommissioned by end of project reducing monthly financial impact to GE. IT Project Manager Logic Technology, Inc - Cincinnati, OH March 2014 to May 2015 Aviation Obsolescence Project Manager March 2014 – May 2015  • Managing projects at GE overseeing technical refreshes and decommissions of Windows and Unix servers.  • Triaging Obsolete GE Aviation servers to determine ownership and establish proper form of remediation. Completing the triage of over 220 servers.  • Working directly with Windows and Unix Lead Techs to see that design of new servers meet the businesses requirements and receives the proper signoff.  • Working with build team seeing that builds are completed in accordance with the requirements provided.  • Overseeing server migrations of servers through scheduling and managing the involvement of Server Asset Owners, Application Owners, Site Contacts and LTI Techs.  • Submitting and following old servers through decommission process.  • Initiated and organized multi-business project across all of Power and Water and Aviation with involvement from corporate teams to reduce the dependency on Domain Controllers.  • 150+ Domain Controllers that will be decommissioned by end of project reducing monthly financial impact to GE. Data Analyst Kforce (Luxottica Contract) - Mason, OH August 2013 to March 2014 Data Analyst on Luxottica North America Account  • Responsible for creating sales reports for Sunglass Hut, translating complex analysis of data into reports that are easily understood by multiple audiences from company leadership to retail store managers.  • Converted 5+ Excel reports to make use of VBA Scripting; removed complex calculations from cells and added single button report execution that started import of data and created distributable report.  • Maintain scheduled data queries in SAP Business Objects assuring that data met report and business requirements.  • Created ad hoc reports at the request of the business.  • Troubleshoot irregularities in generated reports by tracking the cause within the source data.  • Wrote documentation for reports effectively allowing any team member to generate sales reports.  • Designed internal Wiki where report documentation was stored and accessible by team members. Education Bachelor of Integrative Studies in Organizational Leadership and IT Strategy for Organizations Miami University - Oxford, OH December 2012 Skills Adobe Photoshop (5 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), SAP Business Objects (2 years), Project Management (4 years), Data Analysis (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/brownjc3/ Additional Information Skills    • Expert MS Excel  • Strong Excel VBA programming  • SAP Business Objects  • Basic SQL  • Intermediate Adobe Photoshop