IT PROJECT MANAGER, CONSULTANT II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, CONSULTANT II Boise, ID SAFe certified Scrum Master with experience in Definition, Planning, Control and Execution of projects within the Biotech and Information Technology industries. Excellent written and oral communication skills; especially strong in gathering business requirements, building consensus across departments and stakeholder management.     Lately, a few of my favorite areas of focus include UX, Change Management, Design Thinking, Agile methodologies and how all of these topics play together. As a Project Manager, I love to working with technical teams on complex, strategic efforts to deliver valuable outcomes. Whether redesigning business processes and transitioning departments to a new SaaS solution or driving the release and adoption of Microsoft Teams to provide a new way for global internal teams to collaborate, I love working at the intersection of technology and people. As a new Boise resident, I am eager to go backcountry skiing, learn to fly fish and join one of the many Toastmasters clubs in the area. Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER, CONSULTANT II Pcubed - San Francisco, CA December 2016 to April 2018 Supported Information Management PMO on cross functional efforts within the Enterprise Strategic Platforms group aimed at bringing user-centric thinking to project planning and executing the CIO's vision moving standing systems to the Cloud.  ? Drove portfolio through complete lifecycle by managing schedule, scope, budget, resources, risks, issues, requirements, integrations, and vendor management all within IM PMO processes and the System Development Life Cycle framework  ? Orchestrated 50 person global pilot and created release plan including department specific training materials and Help Desk consultation framework for global Microsoft Teams release for Q3  ? Scheduled and facilitated strategic workshops with 40+ business/executive stakeholders driving accurate tool selection  ? Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures. PROJECT MANAGER, CONSULTANT I PCUBED - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to November 2016 As a Project Manager, supported a program aimed at a large scale IT Transformation and organizational realignment with a target savings of $197m within the first year of the program.  ? Managed a set of projects within the client organization focused on delivering a large scale enterprise wide IT Transformation and cost reduction program.  ? Developed and maintained PMO processes for status reporting and schedule management, in doing so drove client adoption of processes.  ? Provided Project/Leadership level reporting against key criteria such as schedule, risks, issues and benefits satisfying stakeholder requirements.  ? Executed stakeholder management tailored to drive execution of project objectives.  ? Facilitated RAID identification, tracking and management by involving key stakeholders in the decision making process to eliminate progress blockers. MARKETING PROJECT COORDINATOR KissIQ - Chico, CA September 2015 to January 2016 Responsible for creation and execution of KissIQ's strategic marketing campaign for new project management application.  ? Demonstrated project management knowledge by creating project plan, milestones, and communication management plan to monitor and track progress of marketing project and team.  ? In-depth analysis of industry factors to define competitive positioning.  ? Pro-active stakeholder management to enable clever social media and blog content to promote platform to project management professionals.  ? Demonstrated clear, concise communication skills in creation of advertising and collateral information  ? Interfaced with engineering and design team to relay customer feedback on feature enhancements Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration California State University Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (3 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (3 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) SAFe 4.5 Scrum Master (Scaled Agile) SAFe 4.0 Agilist (Scaled Agile) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project 2016, Office 365 Business Premium, ServiceNow ITSM module, HP Application Lifecycle Management tool, Oracle PPM Instantis, Slack, Trello, WalkMe    KEY STRENGTHS  Public Speaking: Member of ToastMasters International and past Table Topics competitor for District 57.    Project Management: Demonstrated success in definition, delivery and meeting strategic objectives.    Technology: Ability to quickly understand, apply new tools and technology with ease. Supports new development managing technical projects and  teams.    Change Management: Creation and execution for SaaS transformation and other initiatives to new business users.