Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Aon National Flood Services Kalispell, MT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Aon National Flood Services - Kalispell, MT March 2015 to Present Protecting and guiding multiple scrum delivery teams while navigating them through obstacles.  • Facilitating scrum ceremonies and producing resulting scrum artifacts.  • Acting as a change agent within the team to encourage adoption of new ideas and ensure retrospective outputs result in continuous improvement  • Communicating project health to and eliciting feature priorities from executive leadership.  • Technical writing of user stories, defects, tasks, and release notes. IT Project Manager II Aon National Flood Services - Kalispell, MT 2013 to March 2015 Managed, with scrum, the successful inbound conversion of a major client involving hundreds of thousands of claims.  • Facilitated a six-month effort using scrum methodology to upgrade an enterprise document repository and workflow client. IT Project Manager I Aon National Flood Services - Kalispell, MT 2012 to 2013 During the organization's transition to Agile Scrum, lead a delivery team in adopting agile best practices and quickly excelled using the new methodology.  • Led a permanent scrum team responsible for large feature development of an enterprise claims processing software system. Business Analyst Aon National Flood Services - Kalispell, MT 2011 to 2012 Elicited, analyzed, documented, and communicated requirements for a web-based enterprise claims system. Also acted as project manager for a small delivery team.  • Led a permanent software development team responsible for production support of an enterprise claims processing software system.  Competencies.  • Introducing waterfall development teams into the Agile Scrum and Kanban methodologies  • Communicating to executive leadership, end users, and everyone in between • Deep knowledge of the Rally Software platform  • Elicitation methods such as brainstorming, user observation, focus groups, and interviews Education Bachelor of Science in Business Admin The University of Montana - Missoula, MT 2006 to 2009 Certifications/Licenses CSM October 2016