Montreal, QC - IT Project Manager Montreal, QC - <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Montreal, QC - IT Project Manager - Inovestor Inc Milford, CT Project Manager with five years of experience in Information Technology and Financial Technology, managing software development teams on various projects concurrently. Ample experience in running both traditional Waterfall and Agile projects, particularly utilizing Scrum and Kanban methodologies. Great project management experience collaborating on a myriad of projects with clients such as IBM Canada,VIA Rail, and the Montreal Stock Exchange. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Montreal, QC - IT Project Manager Inovestor Inc - Greenwich, CT June 2015 to Present Led software development teams on all internal and external client projects. Ensured  timeliness of project deadlines while exceeding expectation of clients.    Championed the use of scrum and kanban processes to achieve project goals while improving delivery efficiency.    Demonstrated tremendous leadership skills in ensuring a common understanding  between developers, managers, and stakeholders with a consistent set of practices.    Introduced metrics such KPI's to provide status and to monitor through life of the project.    Managed overall implementation process from scope management to risk and quality  management to ensure project health.    Maintained consistent cost control across projects by creating sound WBS and identifying all pertinent assumptions.    Balanced business needs from project stakeholders with technical constraints of the development teams.    Increased amount of external client projects delivered in a single year by 75% using  various Agile methodologies.    Increased amount of content and features delivered in a single year by 59% by championing the use of the kanban process. Assistant Project Manager Inovestor Inc - Greenwich, CT November 2014 to June 2015 Collaborated with teams to guide projects through development and brought high  quality products to launch.    Delivered products with superior quality and by expected deadlines.    Assisted in structuring BRD requirements to centralized requirements for all new  product features and additions to existing features.    Supported the management team in the analysis of business needs and technical  solutions.    Assisted in supporting the management team in concept development and analysis - such as defining scope, documenting requirements and business or technical processes. Education Bachelor of Science in Sports Management and Finance Sacred Heart University, John F. Welch School of Business - Fairfield, CT May 2011 Skills TEAM MANAGEMENT, VISUAL STUDIO, SHAREPOINT, TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER, KANBAN, Waterfall, PM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/eugeniosoares Additional Information SKILLS  Excellent organization and team management skills. Outstanding communication and  presentation skills. Excellent strategic problem-solving skills. Numerous software  development methodology skills - Agile (Scrum and Kanban) and Waterfall. Highly  proficient in Microsoft Office including Excel, Project, Word, SharePoint, Visual Studio  Team Services, Team Foundation Server, PowerPoint, and OneNote.