IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Tower Hill Insurance Group Gainesville, FL Enthusiastic people and project motivator specializing in outstanding team building, constant communication, and organizational transparency, with 12 years' experience in team leadership. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Tower Hill Insurance Group July 2018 to Present Work with business stakeholders, product owners, and technical resources to scope, review, plan, and prioritize software application development projects and changes.    • Lead projects from inception to completion  • Risk management - identify possible risks and plans for mitigation of those risks; anticipate problems/issues before they arise and determine appropriate action or escalation plan as needed.  • Coordinate estimation efforts with technical resources to effectively size work efforts Project Manager TradePMR August 2017 to July 2018 • Prepared realistic schedules & requirements  • Led projects from inception to completion  • Built and maintained relationships with stake holders, development team, product owner and executive leadership  • Facilitated daily, weekly, monthly meetings  • Acted as Scrum Master for multiple in house teams and international teams  • Coordinated all Scrum ceremonies including: backlog groomings, daily standups, sprint plannings & retrospectives Quality Assurance Specialist TradePMR February 2017 to August 2017 • Served as a key member of a budding Quality Assurance department, assisting with supervision and training of a new testing department.  • Documented and tracked software defects.  • Specialized in user-acceptance testing. Scrum Master Intern 352 Inc June 2016 to August 2016 • Worked closely with a team of developers, overseeing the development cycle of a project.  • Trained developer interns in Agile and Scrum methodologies, providing coaching to achieve team success.  • Facilitated all Scrum ceremonies including daily stand-up, sprint planning, user demos, retrospectives, and backlog grooming.  • Used JIRA to produce and maintain Scrum artifacts to measure deliverables, timelines, and successes. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Management Keller School of Management - Chicago, IL 2016 Bachelor of Arts University of Central Florida - Orlando, FL 2005 Skills JIRA, UAT, SDLC, Scrum Master, Waterfall, PM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidwooding81 Additional Information skills  • JIRA • UAT testing  • Trello • Servant leadership  • Scrum • Creating and maintaining communication channels  • Agile • Preparing realistic schedules and requirements  • A/B testing