Scrum Master/ Business Analyst Scrum Master/ Business Analyst Scrum Master/ Business Analyst - Turner Construction Company Mankato, MN Work Experience Scrum Master/ Business Analyst Turner Construction Company - Mankato, MN June 2019 to Present • Leveraged Agile and Scrum methodologies in leading client-facing multi-disciplinary project teams base on adherence to scope, budgets, project plans and timelines with a cumulative budget of $50,000+.  • Finding techniques for effective product backlog management.  • Assisting the product owners to arrange the product backlog to maximize value.  • Facilitating daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint demo and retrospective meetings.  • Design and architect scalable development, test and production environments.  • Administer JIRA projects, creating complex workflows, screen schemes, permission schemes and notification schemes in automating end to end request process.  • Assist in creating detailed architecture design diagram/ business process modeling flow charts.  • Propose system improvements, gather requirements and sell ideas to the various stakeholders including preparing status reports and road map presentations.    Projects worked on:  1. Turner Constructions created a responsive web-application and a database system for ACS construction companies that helps with progress capturing and monitoring, cost control, and scheduling of a construction project. As the project manager of this project, I was responsible for requirement gathering and scope creation, backlog creation and prioritizing them, task assignment and tracking them, and leveraging Agile workflows and coaching it to the team.    Lead IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master  B507- Mankato, MN Lead IT Project Manager B507 - Mankato, MN January 2018 to May 2019 • Led multi-disciplinary project team in development of responsive web application to deliver online compliance training.  • Leveraged agile and scrum methodologies in leading 10 client-facing multi-disciplinary project teams base on adherence to scope, budgets, project plans and timelines with a cumulative budget of $8,000+.  • Lead team of 4 project managers and strategically staffed projects per client needs and current workload.  • Developed proposals and bid on projects in accordance with client business requirements.  • Coached junior project managers through stretch assignments and learning opportunities.  • Created and implemented projects turnaround plans to push at-risk projects through to successful completion.  • Cultivated strong relationship with clients and project teams through collaborative and iterative process.    Projects worked on: B507 created:  1. A responsive web application for computer department of Minnesota State University to track the student registration and class management. (Academic Planner)  2. An online orientation platform to help employees and students of Minnesota State University, Mankato to be able to easier access any educational material. (Online Orientation Platform)  3. A web application which receives data from Chicago Board of Trust which can predict and display the cost of farmers' products starting from the day data is posted through 3 days after, on a chart and a graph using PHP 5 and Laravel.  4. A housing and roommate matching web application that enables students to find apartments, dorms and even roommates based on their needs and their personalities. Project Manager B507 - Mankato, MN August 2017 to January 2018 • Managed and created project development stages including cost estimation and budget proposals.  • Assembled relevant smaller teams based on the assigned projects.  • Developed business architecture using requirements such as scope, process alternatives and risks. Project Coordinator Minnesota State University - Mankato, MN January 2017 to August 2017 • Coordinated the relationship between B507 and IT solutions, ensuring a mutual understanding of processes and applications and shared projects in addition to project managers responsibilities.  • Led team of 4 project managers and strategically staffed projects per client needs and current workload.  • Developed proposals and bid on projects in accordance with client business requirements. Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Technology in Computer Information Technology Minnesota State University August 2016 to Present Bachelor's in Graphic Design in Graphic Design Minnesota State University August 2016 to Present Skills Visual studio, Javascript, Python, Ui design, Jira, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, PM, Scrum, Scrum Master Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kiana-ranjbar-b585a616b