IT Business Solutions Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Solutions Consultant IT Business Solutions Consultant Menifee, CA Technologically sophisticated analyst and project manager with expertise and high-profile success in leading global and virtual teams to deploy complex technical solutions to financial and international business needs. Exceptional strong background and academic credentials in international business with major experience with some of leading companies in the high-tech industry such as; Hewlett Packard, Agilent Technologies and International Decision Systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Solutions Consultant RRL Business Solutions 2016 to Present Led discovery process with customers to understand their business issues and using this knowledge to develop a practical solution to resolve those issues.    Developed the business remedy and built solutions for demonstration.    Follow-up during which many deals are executed with a high level of responsiveness, professionalism, and detailed responses to any questions.    Prepared and presented Solution Storyboards detailing the business and technical components of the solution in a concise, yet comprehensive manner to teams across the U.S. and abroad.    Responsible for managing and coordinating activities that are instrumental in the implementation of various projects for multiple departments. These activities include the facilitating of meetings between various technical teams to report/resolve issues, discuss next steps, identify and resolve project risk items, and provide status.    Provided weekly project status to management and multiple departments through meetings and the updates of a variety systems and forms. Business Development Representative Abacusnext - La Jolla, CA April 2019 to July 2019 Generated new business within AbacusNext’s existing client base and drove new business via sales initiatives.    Lead qualification for all leads and sales opportunities. Upsold and leverage on business from new and established customer relationships. Worked closely with Marketing, Service Delivery and Client Services to develop a successful customer experience.     Served as the lead sales consultant for the Latin American Market. Working with some of the largest law firms in Mexico, Colombia and Puerto Rico. Financial Systems Consultant International Decision Systems Financial Systems Consultant at International Decision Systems   As a business consultant for IDS I worked tireless to make a difference for our customer's commercial finance portfolio management and origination. Reviewed their current commercial finance software in use and any manual procedures.  Analyzed their current operations and suggested ideas to improve efficiency and maximize ROI.     Key achievements: * Successfully implemented core components of Rapport (the leading front-end leasing software in the industry) for various key clients such as John Deere, DLL, Equifax and others. * Completed tasks at hand on time and on budget. * Put team first and made sure my role on each project was one of team building and cooperation in order to achieve our common goal. Member of IT Staff Agilent Technologies/Hewlett Packard Managed and directed the General Ledger IT process for Latin America and Canada. I was fully responsible for the financial IT process and reporting of more than 10 countries, with combined earnings of $1+ billion dollars in monthly circulation through the General Ledger. Maintained a productive and harmonious relationship with my business partners from Latin American and Canada who were at the highest level of their organization. Supervised and managed 7 days of daily processing cycles at the end of each month - this involved more than 150 people working on each cycle from locations at corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and individuals from Latin America and Canada. Key achievements: * Successfully managed and supported the General Ledger system for Latin America and Canada without any issues for over 3 years - distinguished as having one of the most effective and trouble-free financial closing operation than any other support engineer in this type of position. * HP Separation from Agilent – Played an instrumental role for the massive effort two separate both companies’ financial reporting and processing, lasting more than 2 years. Ensured the General Ledger and other financial applications had successfully separated all business-related transactions from HP. * Migration of Legacy System – Transformed a legacy financial system to a new ERP system based on Oracle and SAP. Project lasted over 3 years and involved the complete migration of current legacy system and over 1,000 legacy subsystems pertaining to the Latin America and Canada regions. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard Enterprise Manage the planning, preparation, and implementation for Hewlett Packard’s manufacturing site in Puerto Rico during the Y2K phenomenon. Validated Y2K process for suppliers and subcontractors in Puerto Rico and U.S. Designed and implemented the Y2K Readiness Web site to allow team members to share and update information not only for management in Puerto Rico but worldwide.  Key achievements: * Managed every milestone in the project with great success. * Delivered expert knowledge of IT and business processes to seamlessly orchestrate all work and coordination with different departments, suppliers, and government agencies. Education Master in Management and Information Systems Colorado Tech University 2002 to 2003 Bachelors in Business Administration in Business Administration Pacific Union College 1995 to 1999 Fletcher Academy 1988 to 1991 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Spanish (10+ years), Implementation (10+ years), Consulting (10+ years), International Business (10+ years), Team Management (10+ years), Web Design (10+ years), training (10+ years), testing (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years) Assessments Written Spanish for English Speakers — Expert February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to respond to basic requests written in Spanish. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/phdoranpq5fluy9p Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.