DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGIST DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGIST DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGIST - SPUR Driven, detail-oriented self-starter with a background in B2C & B2B digital marketing, ecommerce operations management, and information technology. Interested in a long-term career with an innovative, customer-centric company.    • Customer-Focused: Committed to excellence and benchmarking success, I enjoy process improvement and the user/customer is top priority in every operations and management strategy I have led.    • Experienced Manager: Strong background in managing inbound and outbound operations for ecommerce fulfillment centers. Passionate advocate for smart hiring decisions, identifying and developing talent, and continuous learning. Effective at managing multiple projects and cross-functional teams in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments.    • Entrepreneurial Mindset: Calculated risk taker with high standards who is comfortable challenging the status quo. Skilled at researching needs and solutions, and developing, and executing projects and programs to address them.    • Tech Savvy Communications: Skilled at developing cohesive brand messaging to target audiences through integrated communications strategies across diverse digital platforms.  Proficient in: Amazon Seller Central, Shopify, Facebook Marketing, Salesforce, Pardot, HubSpot, Email Marketing, SEO/SEM Marketing, Microsoft Office Suite, HTML, Photoshop, WordPress Work Experience DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGIST SPUR - New York, NY 2019 to Present • Managed paid search campaigns using Google and Bing Ads to help increase inbound leads in various verticals.  • Created and tested Facebook ad campaigns to increase brand awareness and lead generation.  • Nurtured leads by creating email campaigns within HubSpot/Salesforce.  • Created Social media reports on a weekly basis to track KPI's across all channels.  • Worked with aggregators to generate consistent lead volume on a monthly basis.  • Integrated third party tools to help marketing and sales increase the volume of inbound/outbound leads.    EXPERIENCE DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER AXAD - New York, NY 2018 to 2019 • Created social media campaigns including Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and Twitter.  • Created search engine optimization campaigns with Google Analytics and backlinking.  • Created campaigns using programmatic bidding on demand side platforms to increase revenue.  • A/B tested ad sets to increase performance and decrease CPA.  • Built and managed over 100 client accounts from both advertisers and publishers.  • Created numerous websites using Shopify and Instapage for in house projects. Ecommerce Operations Manager POSH GROUP CORPORATION 2017 to 2018 • Managed all aspects of day to day operations for 20 million-dollar ecommerce website, including addressing staff needs, hiring, disciplining, and training of employees.  • Provided oversight and big picture direction to graphic designs team for 15 large-scale digital marketing and branding projects on Instagram, Facebook, Amazon, and Shopify.  • Produced weekly inventory and sales analysis reports and recommended purchasing decisions for orders of over 15 thousand products monthly.  • Managed the customer service and fulfillment centers for four ecommerce businesses  • Developed strategic planning and forecasting in collaboration with senior management and negotiated deals with carriers for better shipping rates.  • Created annual profit and loss reports detailing breakdown of spending on marketing and revenue. Associate IT Project Analyst UNITED HEALTH GROUP/OPTUM - Basking Ridge, NJ 2015 to 2016 • Coordinated projects - including establishing expected deliverables in collaboration with senior analysts and managing projects to meet strict deadlines.  • Organized and analyzed large amounts data using pivot tables in Microsoft Excel to create informative presentations for senior managers which helped forecast future project budgets.  • Tracked data metrics and milestones for 2-3 projects daily by using a PMO platform. Education Bachelor of Arts in Information Technology & Informatics RUTGERS UNIVERSITY - New Brunswick, NJ May 2015