IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager/ Scrum Master Princeton, NJ - Experienced IT Project Manager with an engineering background and 3-year experience of driving full software development lifecycle to delivery.   - Expertise in Business Analysis with fluency in advanced MS Excel, database and ability to identify priorities.  - Hands-on experience in establishing JIRA components and applying Agile approach. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Project Manager DoubleBridge Technologies Inc - Princeton, NJ February 2017 to Present • Successfully delivered a variety of IT projects on schedule, within budget and at high level of quality over 3-year period including 10+ bug fix and enhancement releases, automation utilities for bulk entries, data cleanup and migrations, site configuration and JBOSS application server upgrade; resulted in $2 million in service revenue.  • Manage a team of 7 engineers for 3 web applications concurrently using a mix of Agile and Waterfall techniques.  • Effectively collaborated with key client stakeholders, technical leads, vendors, business, compliance and quality representatives to solicit information, define solutions and secure expectations.  • Established JIRA projects from scratch as a Scrum Master to manage SDLC for 400+ backlog items; increased traceability and team efficiency by 90%; shared the successful experience to other organizations and guided another 12 projects setup in JIRA. QA Lead DoubleBridge Technologies Inc - Princeton, NJ July 2016 to February 2017 • Led quality assurance team and allocated resources for 3+ projects; developed, drove and executed strategic initiatives for maximum test coverage; monitored testing progress and provided high-quality deliverables on time.  • Analyzed and translated business requirements to technical specifications and executable test scripts to build user-friendly systems; diagnosed defects, assessed risks and trade-offs to ensure highest product reliability.  • Improved Quality Assurance processes by establishing Quality Metrics, standardized peer checklists for script authoring, execution and environment readiness, defect reporting templates etc.; increased test effectiveness by 90% and reduced post-production defects by 98%. Software Tester DoubleBridge Technologies Inc - Princeton, NJ March 2016 to July 2016 • Performed manual User Acceptance Testing, System Testing and Regression Testing for web applications using black box methodology; Created clear and concise test reports to ensure effective communication and future reference.  • Validated back-end processing, built test data and analyzed test results using Oracle database techniques. Education Master's in Electrical Engineering Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ August 2014 to May 2016 Bachelor's in Microelectronics Anhui University - Anhui August 2010 to June 2014 Skills PM, SDLC, Project Management, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Information Technology, PMP, CSM, SQL, Excel, JIRA, Agile, PMBOK Certifications/Licenses Certified SAFe 4 Scrum Master June 2019 to July 2019 Applying the Scrum Master role within a SAFe enterprise of agile concept.