Program Planner Program Planner Program Planner - Lockheed Martin Corporation Work Experience Program Planner Lockheed Martin Corporation - Lexington, KY November 2018 to Present Program planner for the Special Operations Forces Global Support Services (SOF GLSS) program. Develop, status and analyze  Integrated Master Schedule in great detail to monitor progress, assess program status, and identify performance issues in a expedited manner. Create and manage the schedule for 10-15 task orders ranging from $1 million to $150 million throughout  the entire length of the contract. Meet with functional departments from Engineering, Production Engineering, Logistics, Production Planning and Control, Finance, and Manufacturing and get monthly status to make month end updates. Keep track of percent complete and make updates to the IMS or supplemental schedule. Brief Program Management Office and Project  management lead on the schedule and explain any changes that impact the overall schedule and delivery of the product. Junior Project Manager Pro Insurance Solutions Ltd - New York, NY November 2017 to November 2018 I was responsible for Business Partner Cleanup or consolidating all their banking and broker databases into one database for a massive data migration to a new system. Obtain, verify, and analyze data as required to ensure accurate data representation on  reports. Notifying the entire project team about abnormalities or variances in business partner database and fix errors to ensure  efficient processing times on claims. Update client information, payment information, and brokerage accounts multiple database  systems like SAP and ProCede. Associate IT Project Analyst UnitedHealth Group - Basking Ridge, NJ July 2015 to November 2016 Work closely with IT Project Management Lead to monitor and update various projects with tight deadlines and milestones.  Allocate hours to various resources based on project phase and budget allocation. Pull raw data and generate metrics on a daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly basis. Create reports and update upper management of overall project status reports, milestone  status reports, track cost vs spending, and resource utilization. Meet with various teams on the project to determine short term and long-term goals and how to execute the process in an effective manner to meet the client's deadlines. Monitor hours burned  during all phases of multiple projects to ensure budget is met and strictly enforce the over use of hours unless approval is  granted by Senior IT Director and Business Director. Management Trainee Enterprise Holding - Hoboken, NJ October 2014 to July 2015 Assist Area Manager, Branch Manager, and Assistant Branch Manager plan, execute, and follow up on new business prospects  and current business contracts. Operate multiple areas of the business to gain experience in operations, finance, sales and marketing, and risk analysis. Analyze reports on sales, inventory, and trends to determine the most effective way to reduce  stagnant inventory and increase vehicle rental rate. Report market activity to management by monitoring and analyzing  competitive price lists and products. Work with management to develop and implement actions that protect company assets and profitability. Manage a database of leads for all the Regional Sales managers and send it to them regularly. Education Bachelors of Science in Business Management New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ 2014 Skills Word Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mg224