Interim Network Manager Interim Network <span class="hl">Manager</span> Interim Network Manager - Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare Memphis, TN High-performing leader and manager with more than 20 years' experience in computer operations and technical support and a passion for customer service.    Detail-oriented IT Manager who excels at leading product strategy and business development using in-depth knowledge of market trends. Establishes clear objectives for team members and enforces deadlines to keep projects on track. Work Experience Interim Network Manager Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare May 2019 to Present • Manages team of eight network administrators to ensure proper installation and support of the WAN.  • Provide oversight and direction for a major network modernization project. Project includes:  ? Wireless redesign at Methodist Le Bonheur  ? Cisco ISE implementation at six major hospital facilities  ? Replacement of older networking technology with newer Cisco hardware  • Monitor the health of network equipment utilizing Solar Winds  • Performs the full spectrum of HR functions including hiring and selection, training and development, performance evaluation, administration of the disciplinary procedure, and resolution of staff conflict  • Works directly with external network vendors on the redesign of the network infrastructure. Redesign consists of:  ? Replacing older dark fiber with new fiber  ? Creating redundant links back to two datacenters  • Work with management on streamlining the entry point for customer support requests to reduce the time allocated to submitting support requests.  • Plan and implements service level agreements (SLAs) between IT Directors to optimize the expected resolution times between IT and Business Operations. Enterprise Architecture Applications Manager Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare May 2018 to Present • Manages team of eight Enterprise Architecture analysts to ensure proper installation of software packages. Software installed deployed via SCCM  • Deploy monthly security updates for 3rd party software applications  • Deploy Microsoft's monthly security updates  • Performs the full spectrum of HR functions including hiring and selection, training and development, performance evaluation, administration of the disciplinary procedure, and resolution of staff conflict  • Works directly with management to purchase and install enterprise software such as the Microsoft Office Suite.  • Work with management on streamlining the entry point for customer support requests to reduce the time allocated to submitting support requests.  • Provides oversight for Six Sigma Black Belt project.  ? Reduction in Average Ticket Age - Used Six Sigma methodologies to reduce the average ticket age from 51 days to 15 days over a 6 month period  ? Reduction in Average Call Wait Time - Used Six Sigma methodologies to reduce the average wait time from 99 seconds to 34 seconds over a 6 month period  • Plan and implements service level agreements (SLAs) between IT Directors to optimize the expected resolution times between IT and Business Operations. Help Desk Supervisor Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare May 2018 to May 2018 • Supervised and provided coaching, mentoring, and HR functions for a team of sixteen Help Desk analysts and fostered a team-based environment with an emphasis on customer service. Managed the development and implementation of standards, processes, and systems required to deliver high quality and consistent support across the Methodist system,  • Worked directly with management to achieve automated ticket escalation notices by configuring our ITSM solution to send automated pages for critical incidents.  • Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing to reduce resolution times when researching issues.  • Assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination after rollouts  • Provided oversight for ITIL Foundation project  • Plan and SLAs between Information Technology Directors  • Served as lead for several Six Sigma Green Belt projects Project Manager/Decision Support February 2007 to June 2008 Memphis Managed Care Corporation  • Lead IT projects such as reducing the claims fulfillment time and reducing errors in claims processing utilizing both PMI and Six Sigma methodology  • Assisted the Decision Support team on process improvements.  ? ITSM Solution Project - Led the project of designing and implementing Remedy ARS (Action Request System)  ? System Update Project - Led the project to standardize system server updates and workstation patching cycle utilizing SCCM automation  • Assisted various business groups with document organization and dissemination during rollouts  • Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. Developed and implemented knowledge management system to validate and updated documentation on a yearly basis  • Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational functions IT Manager May 2005 to February 2007 Memphis Managed Care Corporation/First Consulting Group  • Manages team of four systems analysts to ensure proper installation of software packages. Packages include Microsoft Office, Norton Antivirus  • Performs the full spectrum of HR functions including hiring and selection, training and development, performance evaluation, administration of the disciplinary procedure, and resolution of staff conflict  • Work with management on streamlining the entry point for customer support requests to reduce the time allocated to submitting support requests.  • Worked with upper management in budgeting for the purchase of IT hardware and software.  • Worked with third-party vendors on the purchase of equipment and enterprise agreements for software. Education MBA in IT Management Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT August 2018 Bachelor of Science in Business Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT December 2017 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, REMEDY, MICROSOFT PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, CERNER