Associate Associate Volunteer - God's True Love Outreach Ministries Hammond, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Angela’s Beauty Supply - Highland, IN August 2017 to February 2018 • Provided product information to customers.  • Assisted with inventory tracking.  • Restocked inventory on shelves.  • Priced products on shelves.  • Created banners for store convention events. Volunteer God's True Love Outreach Ministries January 2015 to June 2017 • Helped with sound system and camera system  • Assisted with youth organization activities IT Intern LUCHA - Chicago, IL April 2017 to May 2017 Assistant to the IT Manager.  Created a How-To Manual for the company new photocopier.  Researched and drafted a company-wide Internet and computer use policy.  Drafted configuration reports of company computers that needed to be updated.  Learned how to create and run packages on computers using PDQ Deploy software.  Researched open source software that helps monitor network activities. Cashier/Customer Service Wally's Gyros - Hammond, IN November 2016 to December 2016 Cashier with duties in cleaning, restocking inventory, and preparing customer orders. Also made calls to inventory delivery services. Project Co- Manager Katina's Kreations - Chicago, IL June 2013 to 2014 Planned project guidelines to keep to scheduled deadlines  - Created sculpture pieces in methods cost efficient to project developer's needs  - Constructed detailed five sculptures and one display table to customer's specific preferences  - Updated project developer on progression levels throughout project  - Delivered finished sculptures and display to even destination  - Organized sculptures and display at event site according to customer needs Education Bachelor's in Management Information Systems DePaul University - Chicago, IL September 2013 to June 2017 Skills Javascript (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Excel (2 years), Word (3 years), Visio (Less than 1 year), Project Management (Less than 1 year), Ruby (Less than 1 year), Technical Writing (Less than 1 year) Groups National Society of Collegiate Scholars February 2014 to Present This group recognizes academic achievement and volunteer service.