Sr. Product Implementation Analyst Sr. Product Implementation Analyst Sr. Product Implementation Analyst - Becton-Dickenson Apollo Beach, FL Work Experience Sr. Product Implementation Analyst Becton-Dickenson February 2018 to Present • Contract Position • Remote    • Responsible for generating professional services project and staffing schedule for new product implementations, upgrades, evaluations, clinical simulations, marketing limited release, educational programs and corporate visits.  • Develops and implements policies and procedures designed to prioritize resource allocation, maximize productivity  and ensure profitability.  • Installed, supported, and upgraded Pyxis Dispensing software and hardware, both remotely and on site.  • Completed training and developed competency thresholds for employees on new product lines.  • Combined efforts with PM, consultant, and stakeholders to meet tollgates, milestones, and site-specific needs. IT Project Manager • Independent Advisor Alliance Charlotte, NC August 2017 to February 2018 • Renovated the company's on-boarding process to streamline paperwork and procedures between three companies.  • Conducted software training for new-hire employees and current employees to ensure smooth transition into new  CRM software company wide.  • Developed the company's Salesforce platform, adjusted settings, integrated outside databases, and configured user  login credentials, permissions, and roles.  • Proactively identified and solved complex problems impacting operations management, revenue, business direction.  • Led all teams in delivery of CRM project requiring close cooperation among members to share information and develop solutions to meet a broad array of deliverables. Certified Pharmacy Technician New Hanover Regional Medical Center - Wilmington, NC April 2016 to June 2017 Prepared labels and filled prescriptions accordingly, pre-packaging common medications that resulted in faster order  completion.  • Streamlined data management procedures by reducing number of categorical inputs, reducing administrative work  time.  • Trained new pharmacy technicians, ensuring customer services and safety standards were adequately met. Education Bachelors in Clinical Research in Clinical Research University of North Carolina at Wilmington - Wilmington, NC Associates degree in General Arts and Communication Studies in General Arts and Communication Studies Cape Fear Community College