IT Project Manager, Professional Services <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Professional Services IT Project Manager, Professional Services - LIFE CARE SERVICES Des Moines, IA • Highly motivated professional who seeks to continuously improve myself and those around me.  • Goal driven leader who understands how to create and motivate teams to achieve highest performance levels.  • Successfully managed numerous IT projects using the 5 phases of project management over the past 3 years. Work Experience IT Project Manager, Professional Services LIFE CARE SERVICES - Des Moines, IA May 2018 to Present • Promoted to Project Manager role on the Professional Services team to plan, schedule, and execute all stages of IT services implementations for onboardings of new LCS managed communities  • Managed numerous projects simultaneously  • Worked closely with selected IT vendors during all stages of the IT services implementations at new LCS managed communities  • Communicated effectively and efficiently with all stakeholders of the onboarding projects  • Managed IT assessment projects for several of the 130+ LCS managed communities  • Managed IT implementation projects for LCS Development as they expanded existing & developed new communities  • Resolved numerous project issues including resource shortages, scope creep, change orders, and changing business needs  • Developed improved processes for project management within the Professional Services team  • Implemented a project cost tracking system to ensure projects are staying within budget  • Implemented a resource management system to ensure project resources are available at necessary times Community Account Specialist LIFE CARE SERVICES - Des Moines, IA February 2017 to May 2018 • Executed 15 - 30 small to medium-sized IT projects simultaneously and successfully for our managed Life Plan Communities.  • Enhanced internal documentation and project management tools in SharePoint for the IT department.  • Composed detailed step-by-step project plans and distributed to clients and vendors to accurately track project statuses.  • Effectively communicated between internal departments to ensure all IT issues were resolved for our communities in a timely manner.  • Resolved resource conflicts between multiple vendors, ensuring projects were completed on time.  • Led internal project team meetings to ensure projects stayed in scope and on schedule.  • Acted as the liaison between the 130+ communities that Life Care Services manages and IT.  • Resolved IT needs for the 130+ communities that Life Care Services manages by connecting them with the proper vendor and assisted in discussions between the communities and vendors.  • Conducted monthly calls with our managed Life Plan Communities to provide status updates on IT policy changes, projects, and security.  • Prepared and presented 2018 IT budgets for our managed Life Plan Communities.  • One of a select few non- managers invited to attend the LCS Leadership Summit. Technical Analyst LIFE CARE SERVICES - Des Moines, IA July 2015 to February 2017 • Provided end user support via phone, email, and in person to a wide variety of employees.  • Regularly held the top metrics on the team in customer satisfaction, calls taken, incidents opened, and incidents resolved.  • Consistently motivated other team members when morale was low.  • Utilized a wide variety of troubleshooting techniques to solve technical problems for our users.  • Comfortably worked under pressure during priority 1 incidents.  • Recommended necessary changes in procedures as needed.  • Conducted technology orientations for our new employees.  • Coordinated with internal teams to resolve IT related issues in a timely manner. Education Master in Business Intelligence COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY June 2018 Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems IOWA STATE UNIVERSITY - Ames, IA May 2015 Skills SHAREPOINT, MS OFFICE, EXCEL, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, Scheduling, budget, Estimating, Word, Customer Service Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Expert July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/m53hruqh7miven48 Organizational Skills — Expert July 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/b2uuqfotesge199n Critical Thinking — Expert July 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vr3plxtyxaddlpop Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xs8e-lnrfzjsqgd Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.