Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Dallas, TX A motivated, hands-on individual who desires to work towards the accomplishment of the company’s goals by offering an adaptable attitude with quick problem solving skills and a dedicated work ethic. Possesses a strong ability to coordinate diverse work teams as well as develop cost efficient methods and processes. An effective team leader who excels at strategizing, communicating, understanding the various needs of team members. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Bat Zion Messianic Congregation - Dallas, TX April 2019 to Present Heads church projects in a timely and efficient manner to remain within budget by organizing meetings with cross-functional teams, obtain quotes in order to prioritize cost control, assists in search for church’s relocation, and prioritizes the best use of time and resources. Consulting Manager LKL Group - Houston, TX March 2019 to Present Responsible for participating in the start-up process of LKL Group, a Brazilian based oil and gas company established in the United States in May of 2019. Organizes meetings with international banks, CPAs, establishes and facilitates the implementation of the organization’s business plan, provides translation services, and establishes and maintains contact with partner groups.  IT Team Leader Dallas Baptist University - Dallas, TX October 2016 to January 2019 Provided activity planning for projects and timely support on cabling installations and repairs through accessing the helpdesk ticket system. Assisted in maintaining up-to-date documentation and maps, in an agreed format, of all cabling layouts for the main and remote campuses. Satellite\Aerial pictures or Visio are used for mapping. Assisted the I.T. Manager on projects and monitored the progress for running new cable lines for various assignments. Analyzed project risks and prepared reports to present to upper management. Responsible for obtaining all information necessary to assess resource necessities, convey information to teams, as well as guarantee timely delivery as Student Worker Leader.  Maintenance Controller Viva Ambiental - Salvador, Bahia August 2014 to December 2014 Controlled and programmed predictive, preventive, and corrective maintenance of various heavy industrial equipment including garbage compactor trucks, buses, compressors, and hydraulic pumps. Assigned to perform cost control for equipment purchase requests to suppliers and supply departments. Responsible for the application of quality tools in the maintenance process and preparation of rostering. Oversaw contracted labor as well as organized and managed the scheduling of work teams and employees. Also in charge of recruiting employees for the department.  Mechanical Engineering Intern Revita Engenharia - Salvador, Ba. August 2013 to August 2014 Worked on multi-task projects in the heavy equipment maintenance industry that strove to control cost and increase quality and efficiency. Implementation and programming of predictive, preventive, and corrective maintenance of various heavy industrial equipment. Responsible for the application of quality tools in the maintenance process and preparation of rostering. Oversaw inventory preparation and purchase of maintenance equipment. Responsible for controlling hydraulic and fuel odometers, and the pressure of heavy equipment. Coordinated cross-functional teams. Also responsible for information acquisition presented at weekly meetings with upper management.  Education Master's in Project Management Dallas Baptist University - Dallas, TX May 2016 to December 2018 Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering Universidade Salvador - Salvador, Bahia January 2010 to December 2014 Skills Cost control, Hydraulic pumps, Compressors, Pumps, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Maintenance, Customer Service, Word, Microsoft Project Additional Information SKILLS & compressors, and hydraulic pumps. Assigned to perform cost control for equipment