IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - A'GACI, LLC Engaged in leadership driven project management, and deploying new projects in the IT department. Leadership  driven individual who remains out of the box by executing unique strategies to remain proactive instead of reactive. Work Experience IT Project Manager A'GACI, LLC - San Antonio, TX August 2018 to Present • Recognized for exemplary performance as one of the top producers in San Antonio Corporate office in terms of Executing projects and following through from beginning to end. Operation excellence, and leadership ability.  • Strategically built new methods to keep all stores equipped with all IT requirements for day to day operations. While  building relationships with the store manager and District managers in order to facilitate any needs.  • Identified areas of process improvement and executed new tactics to raise the turnaround time on equipment  getting to stores.  Fraud specialist for our E-commerce department by identifying factors that could be indicators of Fraud through different software Bi-Lingual Customer Service Rep Clover Health Medicare Advantage - San Antonio, TX February 2018 to August 2018 • Recognized for exemplary performance as one of the top producers in San Antonio in terms of Excellent communication skills, maintained a quality of 98%-100% excellence, and leadership ability.  • Strategically built new programs to Build trust with our members which included assisting with anything a member  might need from a Dr. Appointment to alternative resources for food or housing, etc. Along with trends or marketing  initiatives launched by the company, and client retention. Spanish Interpreter Carenet / Info-MEDIA Co - San Antonio, TX June 2017 to February 2018 Certified interpreter for Spanish speaking members of different health Insurance Plans. Would translate verbatim off the top of my head for Nurse calls to our members and the member's response to the nurse as well. I would also  assist in the training of new individuals to their initiatives and target.  • Utilizing many different programs for the different Insurance plans, which ran simultaneously. Education None in Business University of Texas Pan American - Edinburg, TX Skills ORACLE, BI-LINGUAL, MARKETING, BI-publisher, Software Development, Information Technology Additional Information Skills  • Extensive Knowledge in Building computers, troubleshooting equipment, Relate, Demandware, Riskifed, and Oracle  WRMS, TOMS.  • Bi-Lingual in both oral and written communication  • Proficient in marketing and product execution  • Proven execution in seeing projects through and completion.