Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - One World International Peoria, AZ To obtain a position that provides an opportunity to make a strong contribution to the organization through its values, goals and by developing professional skills.    (623) 377-5801  surajjacob92@gmail.com Work Experience Project Manager One World International - Phoenix, AZ October 2018 to Present Supervise Field techs and assign daily tasks.  ? Oversee daily operations and make sure daily activities run smoothly.  ? Set up guidelines for personnel evaluations, recruitment and advancement.  ? Responsible for analyzing the company's productivity and efficiency as well as implementing new directives for growth.  ? Oversee the work of other management executives and answer to the senior manager of operations.  ? Point of contact between upper management and other executives. Shift Leader ( Manager) Uber JUMP - Phoenix, AZ January 2019 to May 2019 Supervise Field techs and assign daily tasks.  ? Dispatch vans to metropolitan Phoenix areas to distribute and collect equipment.  ? Maintain safe and efficient work environment by following safe work practices and procedures.  ? Engage with and respond to customers in the field as needed.  ? Identify, document and recover equipment requiring in-shop repair  ? Perform quality assurance checks of all daily staff and equipment.  ? Maintain accurate logs and document vehicle location and repairs. Senior Systems Executive Cognizant Technology Solutions - Phoenix, AZ June 2018 to February 2019 Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.  ? Respond to queries either in person or over the phone.  ? Write training manuals and junior level staff.  ? Maintain daily performance of computer systems.  ? Respond to email messages for customers seeking help.  ? Ask questions to determine nature of problem.  ? Walk customer through problem-solving process.  ? Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.  ? Clean up computers.  ? Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems.  ? Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN) and other systems.  ? Install computer peripherals for users.  ? Follow up with customers to ensure issue has been resolved.  ? Gain feedback from customers about computer usage.  ? Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur. Project Co-Ordinator August 2017 to September 2018 Assist with daily operations activities.  ? Monitoring of operational efficiency.  ? Responsible for delegating out daily and priority tasks to team leads.  ? Point of contact between lower management and upper management. Self-Driving Vehicle Test Engineer Uber Advanced Technology Group - Phoenix, AZ June 2017 to July 2018 Execute tests with autonomous vehicles or in laboratory environments.  ? Write succinct, clear reports and convey test results to other engineers and management.  ? Spend extended periods of time in vehicles and outdoors.  ? Design and develop test plans and procedures for complex hardware and software systems.  ? Travel up to 25% to support testing in remote locations for extended periods of time. Recruiter December 2016 to July 2017 Screen resumes and conduct in-person and phone interviews.  ? Perform reference and background checks.  ? Partner with hiring managers and co-ordinate interviews.  ? Complete timely reports on employment activity.  ? Conduct exit interviews on terminating employees.  ? Maintain relationship with internal and external clients to ensure staffing goals are achieved. IT Analyst Ashley Furniture Home Stores - Phoenix, AZ December 2015 to June 2017 Oversee daily performance of computer systems.  ? Address and resolve user inquiries about software and hardware operations.  ? Observe system functionality and detect errors.  ? Install, update and diagnose hardware, software and peripheral equipment following design specifications.  ? Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities.  ? Read technical manuals, confer with users, or conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems or to provide technical assistance and support.  ? Refer major hardware, software problems and/or defective products to vendors/technicians for service.  ? Develop training materials and procedures to train users in the proper use of hardware or software. Training new techs to be able to troubleshoot hardware and software.  ? Prepare evaluations of software or hardware and recommend improvements or upgrades.  ? Hire, supervise, and direct workers engaged in special project work, problem solving, monitoring, and installing data communication equipment and software.  ? Inspect equipment and read order sheets to prepare for delivery to users. Toning out data and phone lines to patch panels.  ? Experience working with SQL and SharePoint. Education BS in Cybersecurity and Database Analysis Western Governors University - Phoenix, AZ March 2018 to Present High School Diploma Centennial High School - Peoria, AZ September 2007 to Present Skills LINUX, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, PROBLEM SOLVING, PROBLEM-SOLVING, LEADERSHIP SKILLS Assessments Organizational Skills — Expert August 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ipf0inammb2x3pvk Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.