Leasing Consultant Leasing Consultant Looking for Remote Virtual Admin Roles Quincy, MA Work Experience Leasing Consultant BERKSHIRE COMMUNITIES - Quincy, MA January 2019 to Present Work hands on with prospective residents to identify viable apartments in conjunction with the criteria set by them.  ? Lead prospective residents on a tour of the facilities, highlighting amenities, grounds, apartment features, floor  plans, and surrounding area.  ? Assist in the application process of applying to an apartment home.  ? Audit supplemental information needed for an applicant as well as current residents, including Renters Insurance, valid pet records, amenities access, etc.  ? Liaise between residents and management to answer any questions regarding community policies or lease issues.  ? Maintain an active queue of leads and follow-ups to ensure proper communication through email and phone calls  to both prospective and current residents.  ? Assist with resident issues and concerns, including package issues, service requests, roommate additions/  removals, and lease renewals.  ? Act as an ambassador for the company, promoting new and exciting policies and events to keep the community  engaged.  ? Ensure that lease agreement is being accurately understood and followed by residents.  ? Audit parking issues on property.  ? Support management in any task deemed necessary. Lead Healthcare Recruiter ADDISON GROUP - Boston, MA October 2017 to November 2018 Lead recruiting team to hire contract and permanent employees for healthcare organizations in the New England  area.  ? Partnered with hiring managers to identify workforce needs, define job parameters, and outline desired  qualifications.  ? Developed and executed all recruiting plans to ensure optimal team performance in executing sales goals.  ? Managed all phases of full-cycle recruiting, from initial sourcing and screening through offer negotiations, placement, and onboarding.  ? Onboarded and trained new internal employees.  ? Oversaw a team of 3 junior recruiters.  ? Participated in mentor/mentee relationship programs throughout the company.  ? Acted as a subject matter expert to support the CMR software, Bullhorn.  ? Handled all financial reporting and fiscal forecasting to report directly to the Regional Vice President. CAO/Risk/Information Security Project Coordinator/Administrator STATE STREET CORPORATION - Boston, MA May 2017 to October 2017 Actively supported new hires in initial on-boarding and information security functions.  ? Supported North America team as an office administrator, including ordering equipment and supplies, managing  team website, and facilitating critical processes.  ? Worked with Talent Acquisition team to hire Full time employees, summer interns, and fall Co-Op students.  ? Worked with Senior Management to disseminate critical information regarding Risk Excellence and Information  Security  10 Highpoint Circle Apt. 607 (774) 222-2483  Quincy, MA 02169 courtneytaylor212@gmail.com Student Manager UMASS PASS, UMASS DARTMOUTH - Dartmouth, MA August 2014 to December 2016 Trained and managed 7 employees in customer service, protocol and policies.  ? Communicated with students, faculty and staff to troubleshoot any customer issues.  ? Maintained cash drawer throughout shift and settle out at the end of the night. IT Project Management Intern DUNKIN' BRANDS, INC - Canton, MA May 2016 to August 2016 Participated in the initiation and planning phases by gathering project data and requirements.  ? Utilized project management tools and disciplines to complete project assignments and meet deadlines.  ? Helped identify and resolve project-related risks and issues.  ? Drafted user stories, use cases and functional specifications to support product development. Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF MASSACHUSETTS AT DARTMOUTH - Dartmouth, MA December 2016 Skills Talent acquisition, Onboarding, Employee onboarding, Cmr, Sql server, Sql, C/c++, C++, Java, Customer service, Property management, Microsoft office, Photoshop, Adobe photoshop, Yardi Assessments Human Resources Skills: Recruiting — Highly Proficient August 2019 Managing the candidate sourcing and selection process. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zq3fos5nlwevogej Verbal Communication — Highly Proficient August 2019 Speaking clearly, correctly, and concisely. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/t-1bkfem9bhqtttu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  ? Property Management ? Project Tracking ? Adobe Photoshop/Lightroom  ? New Employee Onboarding ? Hardware and software ? Java  ? Talent Acquisition upgrade planning ? C/C++  ? CMR Software ? Technical Writing ? SQL Server  ? Customer Service ? Data Gathering ? Microsoft Office Suite