Product Manager Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Coordinator South San Francisco, CA Work Experience Product Manager Travel Agency - San Bruno, CA June 2017 to July 2019 Research and develop policies that promoted improved customer experience and safe flight practices.  ? Read up on latest airport, airline, and travel policies and align them to new procedures for both team members and customers.  ? Train new team members via technical documentation and on-site walkthroughs ensuring effective knowledge of procedures for a safe and enjoyable customer experience.  ? Build relationships with team members, customers, and vendor airlines in a cooperative manner, Contract Project Coordinator Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA October 2018 to February 2019 Filled in for two managers on leave by overseeing continuous improvement projects of API programs, improving returns from commercial clients  ? Drove daily scrum meetings to enhance software development performance across multiple teams via tracking on Jira  ? Encouraged culture change by implementing the Agile methodology to a Waterfall environment  ? Automated a manual task-tracking process allowing for live project information that went internally viral department-wide. Contract IT Infrastructure Project Coordinator SAP - San Francisco, CA August 2017 to August 2018 Developed new documentation repositories to ease onboarding and new-hire training.  ? Increased sales demo performance and landed corporate deals up to $5.8 million by driving cross-functional team communication via Jira  ? Launched an enhanced "White Glove Service" support project for higher value clients  ? Designed visual-friendly web portal describing team to the company and displaying success stories Contract Project Coordinator PayPal, Inc - San Jose, CA October 2016 to May 2017 Increased internal performance by developing a streamlined workflow system  ? Consolidated over 500 standard operating procedures across several internal teams on an automated review system via Confluence  ? Updated an internal portal for data infrastructure team with modern web design standards and allowing easier changes and information access with a pleasing interface Incident Management Intern eBay, Inc - San Jose, CA February 2016 to July 2016 Coordinate weekly meetings with team and vendor to ensure adequate service requirements are met  ? Held monthly meetings with the CIO and chief of staff to introduce time and cost saving solutions to the company Education Business Communications Foothill College - San Jose, CA August 2015 to July 2016 Skills Jira, Html, Css, Billing, Change management, Wordpress, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Customer interaction Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/adoniskal Additional Information SKILLSET  Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, JIRA, Confluence, Change Management, Billing, Customer Interaction, Refunds and Chargebacks, Google Apps, HTML, CSS, WordPress