Project Engineer <span class="hl">Project</span> Engineer Project Engineer Brooklyn, NY Accomplished Project Engineer/APM and Project Management Professional eager to leverage success in supervising and coordinating a wide range of challenging projects. Excels in hands-on delivery of complex projects on time, according to specifications, and within budget. Strong knowledge of contract negotiations, client relations, and full-scale project management. Adept with motivation, team building and communication. Broad skill set in construction, resources and other engineering-related aspects. Exceptional supervisor with practical mind-set. Strong troubleshooter and solutions-oriented team player. Work Experience Project Engineer Contract, Pizzarotti LLC December 2017 to April 2019 Supported and assisted the Project Manager and Project Superintendent as instructed and as needed to make the project successful in all aspects such as revenues, safety, schedules and work quality on a public job for NYCHA worth 30 million dollars.  Select Accomplishments:  * Setup initial contracts and project information in Procore.  * Obtained permits and licenses from appropriate authorities.  * Receive, review, forward and track status of submittals  * Initiate, prepare, review, track and distribute RFIs  * Assist in management of project permit process  * Assist in preparations of bid packages and procurement  * Update construction schedule based on project team input, Trade Contractor progress and materials delivery  * Change management systems, including soliciting, receiving, reviewing, and preparing quotations and change orders  * Track and inspect material deliveries  * Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned Assistant Project Manager -Contract Ostroff Electric May 2017 to December 2017 Collaborates with engineers, architects etc. to determine the specifications of projects. Supervises the work of laborers, mechanics etc. to provide guidance, as needed. Determines necessary resources, including manpower, equipment and materials from start to finish with attention to budgetary limitations.  Select Accomplishments:  * Negotiated contracts with external vendors to reach profitable agreements.  * Obtained permits and licenses from appropriate authorities.  * Planned construction operations and scheduled intermediate phases to meet deadlines.  * Evaluated progress and prepare detailed reports.  * Ensured adherence to all health and safety standards and report issues.  * Prepared submittals, RFIs, shop drawings, and RFPs.  * Collected all required documents to create a job kit before the start of every project. Project Engineer - Fall Contract Lawless & Mangione Engineers and Architects LLC September 2016 to December 2016 Directed the execution of exterior restoration projects through the implementation of risk management practices, maintaining DOB compliance and collaboration with cross-functional teams. Acted as liaison between building management and project contractors to ensure timely completion of projects.  Select Accomplishments:  * Successfully Managed up to five (5) projects simultaneously from kick-off to sign-off / completion.  * Reviewed payment requisitions of contractors to ensure the correctness and completion of contract terms.  * Conducted weekly client debriefing and reported on project status to mitigate risks, allocate budget and resources, and provide ongoing counsel. Project Engineer Summer Contract, CAC Industries Inc April 2016 to August 2016 Supported and assisted the Project Manager and Project Superintendent as instructed and as needed to make the project successful in all aspects such as revenues, safety, schedules and work quality.  Select Accomplishments:  * Oversaw the execution of excavation, sheathing, shoring, bracing and trenching.  * Monitored pouring of sand, gravel, asphalt and concrete on roads and sidewalks.  * Worked with inspectors to make sure all work was done according to drawings and specs.  * Maintained project files, and logs, including payments, permits, RFIs, change order submittals,  and drawings.  * Maintained and addressed safety issues with the job site and the public.  * Kept accurate daily record of all pay quantities and reconciled with Owner's representative. Assistant Project Manager Sajid Contracting Corp February 2015 to April 2016 Managed and updated over 50 accounts receivable and payable accounts working directly with the owner to track expenses and create invoices. Oversaw daily operations, order materials, and manage deliveries.  Select Accomplishments:  * Created construction schedule; tracked change orders.  * Reviewed requisitions from contractor.  * Ensured all work was done according to construction drawings and specifications.  * Communicated with owners/property management regarding any questions or concerns. IT Support Assistant CUNY Hunter College Office of Human Resources December 2014 to February 2016 Performed troubleshooting and repair on computer hardware and software. Executed special projects for the Executive Director.  Select Accomplishments:  * Created and maintain Human Resources website.  * Generated inventory and payroll weekly reports for Executive Director.  * Performed administrative duties, including data entry.  * Created legal documents according to specifications.  * Reported activities in detail to direct management. Education Bachelor of Science In Construction Engineering in ABET Accredited CUNY New York City College of Technology - Brooklyn, NY December 2020 Associates in Applied Science in Applied Science / Construction Engineering CUNY New York City College of Technology - Brooklyn, NY December 2017 Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Strategic Planning Business Efficiencies Project Management Contract Development  Negotiations Client Relations Customer Service Operational Streamlining Team Building  Project Planning Engineering Planning Reports Safety Standards Observance  Field Operations & Supervision Scheduling Time Management & Deadlines    Technical Skills  AutoCad, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, Outlook, Adobe Acrobat