Sales/ IT Technician Sales/ <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Sales/ IT Technician Work Experience Sales/ IT Technician Tech Waste Recycling Inc September 2018 to May 2019 Tech Waste Recycling technician provides certified electronics recycling, data destruction, equipment destruction and IT asset disposition services to organizations seeking responsible handling and disposal of electronic assets Sales & customer service. Restaurant General Manager Al- Fishawy Restaurant - Tustin, CA March 2016 to January 2017 • Lead all team members in the efficient and profitable operation.  • Ensured proper team member coverage, scheduling according to the needs of business while maintaining target labor costs.  • Ensured that all team members provide customers with efficient, friendly, superior service on consistent basis.  • Ensured that all team members are educated on our products and services, by developing understanding of our various types of products.  • Planed, executed, and communicated all sales promotions and new product information effectively and efficiently.  • Handling all cash and media management functions. Able to perform all POS duties, front and back of house functions including opening and closing procedures, coordinating with the place owner. International project management 2019 December Dubai - Irvine, CA 2017 to 2017 Irvine CA  Wme INT'L: www.wmeintl.com  • Making sure clients meet requirements on time.  • Monitor quality control.  • Make sure company meets legal and quality control requirements.  • Supervising and training staff.  • International project management Teller ICIC BANK OF INDIA July 2014 to July 2015 • Processed cash withdraw, deposits, and selected internal and external account payments.  • Adhered to regulatory, security and audit procedures.  • Balanced daily cash deposits and bank vault inventory with zero rate error. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration in Business Administration University of San Diego - San Diego, CA January 2016 to November 2017 Master of Hospital Administration in Hospital Administration in Hospital Administration in Hospital Administration Rajiv Gandhi University 2011 to 2013 DIPLOMA of GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT in GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT Mysore University 2010 to 2011 Bachelor of Science in microbiology Mysore University - Mysore, Karnataka 2007 to 2010 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, DETAIL ORIENTED, LEADERSHIP SKILLS