Epic Technical Consultant/I.T. Project Manager Epic Technical Consultant/I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Epic Technical Consultant/I.T. Project Manager - Tek Systems/ Main Line Health Harrisburg, PA Work Experience Epic Technical Consultant/I.T. Project Manager Tek Systems/ Main Line Health December 2017 to Present • Worked on multiple projects simultaneously including Hill-Rom Nurse Call Navi Care system implementation and upgrade of multiple locations, Centrak implementation, Syngo Via , Epic technical architect for large net new construction projects and print server upgrade - duties included coordinating with vendor project managers, executive sponsors, operational departments lead, clinical liaisons and IT staff at multiple hospital locations to ensure project tasks and goal are met, suggest and implement corrective action plans to mitigate impact to project schedules and overall business objectives.  • Monitored and track project goals and milestones utilizing project management skills, by communicating effectively the project status and action plans for multiple, concurrent projects by utilizing internal project management software tools and methodologies.  Collaborated and sought guidance from internal and external functional and technical groups/resources required to achieve job objectives.  • Completed project assessments to determine if a project request can move forward as a project, what resources, budget needs can be met as well as the requirement need from all departments involved.  • Epic technical resource for multiple projects.  • Worked closely with Epic PIVOT Leadership, IT Leadership, PMO, project analysts, consultants and team members to ensure all testing tasks were completed within scope and on-time  • Technical dress rehearsal (TDR) command center - technical subject matter expert. Duties included resolving technical issues, utilization of Altiris to install necessary applications, resolving and escalating Xerox, HP and zebra printer issues, status boards, document and bar code scanners and all Epic print class mapping issues.  • Created and applied test cases for all devices and their correlating Epic modules/application and to manage the tracking and validation of testing for over 8,000 devices (including peripherals)  • Trained all Epic pivot analyst, testers and fellow command center personal on how to navigate through the hyperspace test tracker.  • BCA testing strategies, identifying best locations and testing methodologies. Policy and procedure documentation for Physician (ambulatory practices) and development of front end and back end down time forms  • Creation of LWS records, print class mappings and data courier of items across multiple environments  • Assisted in defining procedures and processes for EPIC Go Launch (go-Live) by providing best practices and strategies regarding command center set up, created documentation for training the Epic help desk triage center and workflow of the satellite sites.  • Epic Go launch print swat team lead and technical point person for all printer, printing and hardware related issues within EPIC. Triaging of all EPIC application queues to resolve, determine incident ownership, escalation and optimization  • Creation of documentation and training of non-Epic technical staff for post go launch/operational support and training of all site field/IS services support staff on Epic. Epic Technical Consultant Tek Systems/ Wellspan June 2017 to December 2017 • Worked closely with Epic Project One Leadership, IT Leadership, project analysts, consultants and team members to ensure all testing tasks are clearly defined, completed within scope and on-time and contributed to development of the project to keep in alignment with the organization's strategic plans and objectives.  • Developed the module for the Epic Hardware Dress Rehearsal (HDR) testing process for 8,000 + devices and their peripherals  • Created training, process and procedure documents for Hardware Dress Rehearsal and provided creative and functional solutions for deployment issues  • Monitor and track project goals and milestones utilizing project management skills, by communicating effectively the project status and action plans for the Epic hardware testing portion of the project by utilizing internal project management software tools and methodologies).  • Managed 30+ support staff  • Ensured migration strategies, communication and documentation are in place to sunset legacy applications  • Reporting and metrics weekly  • Created documentation for Go live and operational support. Epic Technical Consultant/ TDR Project Manager Thomas Jefferson University Hospital March 2016 to June 2017 • Established Current and EPIC future state hardware needs for 15,000 devices (including peripherals) which included blue print mapping of all devices and spread sheets defining current state printing in order to aid analyst in mapping the departments as needed  • Developed the module for the Technical Dress Rehearsal (TDR) process in preparation of 2 wave Go-Lives working closely EPIC TC, Project Leadership, IT Leadership, project analysts, consultants and team members to ensure new workflow, system builds are fully functional and ensure scope was clearly defined and completed on-time.  • Assisted in tracking and managing of device deployment including mitigating any issues and ensured teams kept to the timeline for all technology upgrades and build necessary for the Epic implementation  • Coordinated and assisted in managing the printers and workstation group by holding workshops to train staff on how to print map in multiple environments, understanding of print mapping and print mapping documentation and how to support to best support TDR, WDR and Go-Live.  • Technical dress rehearsal management which included- scheduling testing, creating training/procedure/process documents and technical command center lead for tester support. Defined owners of testing areas and created testing script for all Epic Applications. Build of Epic records such as LWS, print class mapping for all application in hyperspace and TXT for LOM/OTX.  • TDR issue troubleshooting and escalation. Utilization of the Epic Hyperspace tracking tool to create test case scripts that adhered to the application print testing needs and track progress of TDR.  • Applied EPIC templates to generic SER accounts for testing based on application test script needs  • Managed 6 teams and leads and 30 plus support staff  • Go- Live Command Center EPIC Technical Lead and EPIC Printer swat lead both waves  • Obtained Department/Unit sign off for print mapping  • Daily data analysis and statistics by importing and exporting data for cleaning, transforming, validating or modeling data with the purpose of understanding or making conclusions from the data for decision making purposes.  • Understood and complied with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards EPIC Technical Consultant Digital Health consultants October 2015 to July 2016 • Go- Live Command Center Epic Technical Lead and Printer swat lead  • Responsible for the operational logistics of all Epic hardware testing including strategizing system deployment, implementation, support, and quality assurance for each of St. Luke's facilities (inpatient and hospital of site departments)  • Align the testing efforts of the systems groups with the strategic goals of the enterprise.  • Managed 7 Team Leads and their 30+ support staff  • Worked closely with Project Leadership, IT Leadership, project analysts, consultants and team members to ensure all testing tasks are clearly defined and completed within scope and on-time.  • Created and monitored a Device Tracking data source, an Issues Log, and an Escalation Process.  • Integrated Epic testing timelines and milestones into the overall project plan. Scheduling leads, testers, departments, conference rooms, and supportive resources  • Identified testing devices: printers, scanners, barcoders, etc. Developed a Testing Process, testing tools (Epic-provided test scripts, test script tracker, follow up plan for escalating major testing delays/issues and process to document, fix, and resolve issues to help teams categorize, prioritize, and assign owners to the issues identified and track fixes.  • Defined owners of testing areas and scripts for all EPIC modules  • Assisted the service now team to create Epic queue with meaningful categories for each module in order to track issues/reporting during testing and go live. Epic Project Coordinator Kforce /Lehigh Valley Health Network/ I.S. Department December 2014 to October 2015 • Leading the Command Center staffing and support of Lehigh Valley Health Network's (LVHN) technical implementation of EPIC's Electronic Health Record (EMR) Ambulatory and Inpatient System.  • Managed the tracking and validation of testing for over 15,000 devices (including peripherals) during their Technical Dress Rehearsal (TDR) process in preparation of Go-Live; working closely with application, hardware deployment, and testing teams to ensure new workflow and system builds are fully functional.  • Liaison between Project leadership and Technical teams. Apprise leadership of potential issues and assist in determining possible solutions or process improvements.  • Persistent contributions to the development and implementation of the technical dress rehearsal project plans for Epic Inpatient modules  • Weekly presentation of project status and risks to project stake holders  • Gathered requirements and analyzed the data to identify project scope assisted in managing and obtaining technical resources assigned to the EPIC implementation  • Ensured compliance of regulations and policies  • Provided data analysis and statistics by importing and exporting data for cleaning, transforming, validating or modeling data with the purpose of understanding or making conclusions from the data for decision making purposes.  • Organized, designed views and developed relational databases for collecting data and statistical reporting  • Utilized Microsoft CRM/Xrm system to create and assign issues for resolution  • EPIC GO live Support Education Associate Degree in Computer Network Administration Thompson Institute - Harrisburg, PA Skills Epic, Crm, Microsoft crm, Sql server, Sql, Exchange, Active directory, Dhcp, Nfs, Wins, Dns, Remedy, Security, Sharepoint, Ghost, Security administration, Linux, Symantec, Mapping, Microsoft windows Additional Information Skills:  • Epic-LWS/EPR planning and build, print class mapping, Server-Side printer build, user security administration, Data Courier.  • Windows 9x, Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 and Linux OS.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office 2000/XP/2003/2007/2010 and Office 365 Professional and enterprise editions  • Microsoft CRM Xrm/Service Now/Remedy/Sherlock Ticketing systems  • SharePoint 2010/2013 /365  • STIG and IAVA Compliance verification of AGM installation with Eye Retina and DISA Gold Disk  • Active Directory User Account Auditing, creation and deletion  • Security incident review and reporting  • Microsoft Exchange (2005, 2007), SQL Server (2000, 2005, 2008), Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003, DNS, WINS, DHCP  • NFS, Symantec Ghost, Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition, AVG antivirus.