Program Manager - Finance IT group (contract through Randstad Tech) Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Finance <span class="hl">IT</span> group (contract through Randstad Tech) Program Manager - Finance IT group (contract through Randstad Tech) - Northern Trust Glen Ellyn, IL Experienced IT Project Manager with over 17 years of management experience. Results driven leadership with excellent communication skills, from staff to executive level management. Analytical problem solver with demonstrated ability to manage projects from planning through execution/completion under the pressure of fast-paced, time-sensitive environments. Customer focused individual with years of external client relationship management. Work Experience Program Manager - Finance IT group (contract through Randstad Tech) Northern Trust - Chicago, IL December 2018 to Present Managing four separate projects with emphasis in the Management Reporting, Planning and Analysis (MRP&A) area.  ? Two projects in flight, two others from initiation and scoping. Managing all internal resources and reporting.  ? Tracking project financials and resource hours through EPIC.  ? Working with offshore resources and third party vendors along with internal staff. Senior IT Project Manager / Program Manager McDonald's Corporation - Oak Brook, IL September 2016 to November 2018 - Global Technology Risk Management group (contract through Randstad Tech)  ? Program/ Project Manager in GTRM Security projects relating to Digital Application Scans, Vulnerabilities, SSL compliance. Working with both North American and European clients, users, and vendors.  ? Working with all stakeholders to assure expectations and requirements are met.  ? Weekly metrics and status reporting to Director of GTRM. Monthly Executive Steering Committee reports, as well. Education DePaul University - Westchester, IL 1992 Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Notre Dame - Notre Dame, IN May 1988 Skills PMI, Program Management