IT BUSINESS APPLICATION ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> BUSINESS APPLICATION ANALYST IT BUSINESS ANALYST El Paso, TX • Master Degree in Computer Science with specialization in Telematics  • Bachelor Degree in Computer Science  • 11 years of working experience  • 6 years of working experience as Business Analyst in EDS, Heinsohn Business Technology and Colombia’s National Coffee Growers Federation  • 2 years of working experience as Information Technology consultant in IBM  • 3 years of working experience as IT Project Manager for the software development, and installation of large software in IBM, Unisys and Publik.   • Excellent ability to simplify complex information helping customers develop the skills and confidence to use the company solutions with ease.  • Proficient in the latest web technologies XML, Javascript, HTML5   • Excellent analytical skills and time management skills   • Proficient using Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Project and Visio   • Excellent communication skills both verbal and written   • Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving abilities  • Experience in complicated software projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT BUSINESS APPLICATION ANALYST ELECTRONIC DATA SYSTEMS - EDS 2004 to 2006 IT Business Analyst for the computer programming projects of 2 business units (Account surrender and macroeconomic fiscal control) in Contraloria General de la Republica Colombiana modernization project. This client is an independent government institution that acts as the highest form of fiscal control in Colombia. As such, it has a mission to seek the proper allocation of resources and public funds (80 billion US dollars) and contribute to the modernization of the state, by means of continuous improvement in the various public entities. The solution was build an application with 11 highly integrated business units using Java and Oracle Portal. The software development methodology was RUP Rational Unified Process from Rational, a division of IBM.  IT Business Analyst responsibilities  • Gathered business requirements via meetings with client's business experts.  • Documented business requirements and specifications, including functional and non-functional requirements, flow charts, process descriptions, use cases, acceptance criteria and data specifications.  • Guide and drive the client towards the best solution for their business needs. Worked with technical architect the design of solutions or the purchase of software that meet requirements.  • Documented test cases for each use case. Reviewed them with client business experts and signed off.  • Coordinated User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and managed the feedback from the client.  Project management responsibilities  • Ensured the on-time release of deliverables by coordinating schedules with development, testing teams and client. IT CONSULTANT IBM 1998 to 2000 • Project manager for large and critical projects. Successful planning, coordination, and delivery of 5 projects of installation of IBM solutions in banks ensuring excellent customer satisfaction. Negotiated new timeframes and budgets with IBM headquarters and customer.  • IT Consultant in the design of Organizacion Ardila Lulle national network. Estimated of traffic and defined of nodes using business transactions per company. This client is a major Colombian conglomerate that has 28 companies in different industries with branches nationwide, 40.000 employees and net worth estimated at over $2.7 billion U.S. dollars. Successful design and delivery of the project ensuring excellent customer satisfaction.  • IT Consultant in Banco de Occidente one of the largest Colombian banks. Created its home banking business division. The project involved definition of business process, stakeholders' profiles and roles, and CRM architecture. Successful planning, coordination, and delivery of the project ensuring excellent customer satisfaction. IT PROJECT MANAGER UNISYS 1996 to 1997 • IT Project manager for the installation of networks in banks. Successful planning, coordination, and delivery of all projects to ensure business goals and objectives are accomplished within designated timeframes and budgets. I was in charge of 5 engineers.  • IT Consultant in the design of Grupo Éxito S.A national network. Estimated traffic and defined nodes using business transactions per store. This client is the largest South American retail company. It has headquarters in Colombia and 2,606 stores distributed in multiple countries in the region.  · Developed testing tool of ERP for banks in COBOL. The software recorded the transactions during the integrated testing made by the customer and allowed repeat the testing multiple times without testers.  · Developed auditing testing tool in COBOL for validate testing made by the customer to a custom developed application for banks. IT PROJECT MANAGER PUBLIK COLOMBIA 1995 to 1995 • Testing manager of the software used by of the first outdoor LED display (3810 inches by 1270 inches) installed in a professional soccer stadium in Colombia (Estadio Atanasio Girardot de Medellin) for $312,500.00 US dollars. Coordinated User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and managed the feedback from the client. It was done with the customer Empresas Publicas de Medellin and business partner ADART. I was in charge of 8 engineers. Successful planning, coordination, and delivery of the project ensuring excellent customer satisfaction.  • Developed software for medium size displays in display’s legacy language. These displays are now sold in retail companies where customers can play a slot machines game in the display and receive gift cards according the combination obtained. BUSINESS ANALYST National Coffee Growers Federation of Colombia 1994 to 1994 Gathered and documented the company business process using PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers methodology. The company used this documentation for financial auditing in its 33 cooperatives nationwide and 530 selling places for 500.000 coffee growers. Education MASTER DEGREE IN COMPUTER SCIENCE in TELEMATICA UNIVERSIDAD DE LOS ANDES December 1997 BACHELOR DEGREE IN COMPUTER SCIENCE in COMPUTER SCIENCE UNIVERSIDAD AUTONOMA DE MANIZALES December 1993 Skills Scheduling