Project Manager - IT Division <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> Division Project Manager New York, NY Project management professional with expertise in all stages of strategic and cross-functional Supply Chain projects from costs analysis to implementation. Known to implement new solutions and lead change management of processes to increase productivity and quality. Experience gained in Food Distribution, Fashion Retail E-commerce and Aerospace Industry. Work Experience Project Manager - IT Division SARENZA (E-COMMERCE) 2014 to 2015 Led back and front office projects for a growing start up established in 12 European countries (170 billion USD of sales with 30% growth in order size in a year).  • Created and project managed 12 country websites and interdepartmental communication to support prepaid delivery subscription project. Resulted in increased purchases and total revenue retrieve contributing to 30% growth.  • Project managed the planning, development requirements, quality assurance, and system test of a new e-mail distribution solution that led to a better client traceability/analytics and improved quality of marketing strategies.  • Created and promoted automated reports and tools to supervise the warehouse's receptions. Resulted in better control of the suppliers' deliveries and an economy of 0.5 day a week of work for each purchase's sector manager. Project Manager - Supply Chain Division CASINO GROUP (DISTRIBUTION) - FR 2011 to 2014 Managed supply chain projects for the 13 warehouses of the firm that supply 2, 000 grocery stores in France.  • Project managed the opening of 3 warehouses and organized the deliveries for 200 new stores in partnership with cross functional teams to determine quantity of supplies, stores best served, IT requirements, transport arrangement and configuration of the storage platform. Warehouses up to 130, 000 square feet, 120 stores and 40, 000 packages delivered by day, opened without error.  • Analyzed costs and led projects to define and implement best in class distribution methodologies for fresh foods and dry goods. Resulted in relocation of several platforms to reduce transport costs.  • Implemented 'cross dock' and 'just in time' procedures to reduce storage costs and integrate new activities.  • Identified and implemented IT evolutions for the warehouses that resulted in improved quality and efficiency of their processes. Including the most substantial evolution that optimized the transport management system and increased the truck's fill rate and optimized the transport arrangement. Intern Project Manager - Supply Chain Division 2011 to 2011 Implemented a voice picking tool for a warehouse of 150,000 parcels per day. The chosen solution was an interface between the warehouse GOLD and a homemade warehouse management system. It resulted in a significant increase of the productivity and led to the implementation of this tool in other warehouses. Intern Project Manager - Production Division CBA TRIUMPH 2010 to 2010 Defined and installed an Enterprise Resources Planning in order to assist the supply and the production management of the company. Tested the management software, defined new organizational processes and trained the procurement and production teams. Education Master in Engineering Industrial Engineering School INPG Génie Industriel 2011 Two-year intensive undergraduate courses specializing in Math, Physics, and Chemistry, preparing for competitive exams to enter French engineering schools in Mathematics and Physics Classes preparatoires Lycée Fénelon Sainte-Marie 2008 Links http://linkedin.com/in/alice-modock