Project and Business Development Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> and Business Development <span class="hl">Manager</span> San Francisco, CA Results driven and self-motivated business development manager, persistently and effectively striving to always improve best practices personally and across technical and non- technical teams. When executive vision aligns then increased market share is always a focus while looking for areas, when necessary, to reduce costs. Contribute expanding and current knowledge and skills in business development and project management to exceed customer expectations while maintaining healthy profit margins. Work Experience Project and Business Development Manager Signs and Wonders LLC - Paden, OK June 2017 to Present Develop and implement internal SOP across various technical and non-technical departments in order to more effectively and efficiently execute on time value delivery to customers while increasing healthy profit margins. Grow revenue streams through key account focus and increased market share in Texas and Oklahoma. Top-down financial analysis in order to build a fortress balance sheet. Establish and maintain mutually beneficial national installation and manufacturing partnerships. Proficient in consistent updating and milestone tracking in multiple ERP platforms. Increased margin efficiency via a successful 6 month corporate turnaround. Sr. Project Manager Atlas Sign Industries - Dallas, TX January 2017 to June 2017 Project/Account Management of newly acquired national accounts. Collaborate with executive team in developing, implementing and training employees program SOP’s. Maintain integration and implementation of day to day SOP across various internal and external departments. Responsible for entire lifecycle of project. Utilize CRM and ERP software tools to stay on target for customer driven deliverables. Responsible for assessing risk of projects, developing viable pathways to execution, and leading teams to successful outcomes. Lowered company overhead by working 100% paperless and remote from home. Project Manager of Key Accounts Comet Signs - Dallas, TX August 2016 to December 2016 Project/Account Management of key Texas regional accounts. Report directly to decision makers. Responsible for projects from conception to end. Plan development and design. Manage internal and external personnel work-flow. Manage billing for multimillion-dollar book of business. Project totals averaging $250k-$1,000,000+. Project Manager and IT Support Apex Sign Group - Philadelphia, PA May 2015 to August 2016 Project/Account Management of National Exterior Signage Programs for national and international retailers. Maintain healthy customer relationships. Manage internal and external personnel work-flow. Manage billing for $12M book of business. Manage and support service department for national division. Drive healthy margins for continued profit sufficiency.  IT Helpdesk Support- -M1 support to employees. Helpdesk support to employees. Network maintenance. Device integration. Software updates and update deployment. Education Business Administration University of Houston Main Campus - Houston, TX March 2009 to May 2011 Palomar Junior College June 2008 Schertz EMS Academy - Schertz, TX September 2007 Diploma Canyon High School - New Braunfels, TX August 2004 to May 2007 Skills Contract Negotiation (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Training & Development (3 years), IT Support (10+ years) Additional Information 1+ Project Manager/Account Manager  7+ Professional Years IT Industry  2yrs Fine Jewelry Sales  18mo Commercial & Residential Fiber Optic Services Installation & Sales  8mo Natural & Organic Body Care & Cosmetic Sales  Fiber Optic Premise Installer Certificate (OnTrac, Inc.)    Computer Skills    115 WPM. Proficient operation of three major platforms related software Linux, Microsoft, and Apple. Comfortable with new and developing technology concepts.