IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - Pivot Point Consulting Dublin, OH Accomplished Healthcare Information Technology Professional with almost 20 years of experience in leading the successful development, implementation and ongoing support of application systems across the healthcare industry. Recognized for aligning healthcare goals with enterprise solutions. Combines excellent technical knowledge with managerial expertise to oversee all clinical areas, third-party vendors and budget management - ensuring the delivery of superior patient experience. Full cycle implementation experience with hands-on experience in the design, installation, and configuration of Epic systems. Work Experience IT Program Manager Pivot Point Consulting - Dover, DE August 2018 to Present • Partner with CIO, Chief Imaging Informatics Officer, Chief Cardiovascular Informatics Officer as well as other physician leadership to develop integrated, operational approaches to integrated clinical applications and realization of benefits to patient care through technology changes • Monitored project scope that included Ambulatory, MyChart, Epicare Link, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, Resolute Hospital Billing ,Radian, Cupid, Bridges, Professional Billing,PACS, Power Scribe,ARIA, SOFT Lab, Labcore and Quest.  • Provide operational guidance to align/improve pre-registration workflow adoption.  • Review charge reconciliation process and identify opportunities to enhance charge reconciliation ownership, reporting, processes and accountability structures.  • Assume project management responsibilities for all approved clinical projects involving new construction or renovation of existing clinical facilities; including the development of project plans, goals, budgets, timelines and resources. Manage and steer all phases of projects toward targeted financial goals, schedule and performance.  • Manage the expectations of stakeholders including senior, clinic, provider and administrative leadership. Oversee the preparation and dissemination of project communications and keep stakeholders informed of project status and any potential problems or concerns.  • Coordinate effort and manage external relationships with vendors, including Contractors, Architects, Engineers and Interior Design Consultants ensuring quality, cost and schedule adhere to expectations.  • Serve as point of contact for all facilities matters and train on-site leadership to resolve appropriate issues and escalate matters as needed.  • Oversee construction and continuously consult with Quality, Safety and Accreditation to ensure that materials and methods used are in compliance with established safety, regulatory and compliance standards and specifications and ensure projects meet occupancy readiness requirements.  • Manage all vendor facility service agreements including medical equipment and environmental services and maintain the overall clinic space expense database. IT Program Director AHS - Morristown, NJ August 2017 to October 2018 • Manage 200 staff members for a 5-hospital health System including teams responsible for the design, deployment, and maintenance of clinical and business applications and the network infrastructure.  • Worked closely with PFS on revenue integrity as well as Revenue Dashboard monitor • Partner with CIO, Chief Imaging Informatics Officer, Chief Cardiovascular Informatics Officer as well as other physician leadership to develop integrated, operational approaches to integrated clinical applications and realization of benefits to patient care through technology changes • Monitored project scope that included Ambulatory, MyChart, Epicare Link, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, Resolute Hospital Billing ,Radian, Cupid, Bridges, Professional Billing,PACS, Power Scribe,ARIA, SOFT Lab, Labcore and Quest.  • Review existing reports/dashboards to analyze root cause and identify causes of errors causing DNB delays. Provide guidance where existing edits can be modified to improve efficiencies.  • Provide operational guidance to align/improve pre-registration workflow adoption.  • Review charge reconciliation process and identify opportunities to enhance charge reconciliation ownership, reporting, processes and accountability structures.  • Enforces project portfolio deadlines and schedules, including resource constraint and schedule overlap with other units of the HIT portfolio • Assists in the facilitation of team and client meetings • Provides status reports and updates on aspects of the project portfolio as requested by management • Monitors project portfolio status and ensures that appropriate project monitoring tasks are implemented and utilized • Manage Healthcare IT System Vendors relationship • Led all Revenue Cycle build, and testing including PRCT.  • Establish departmental budget and manage overall cost • Managed vendors and vendor contracts • Negotiated and managed contracts with vendors • Managed Project Portfolio • Recruit ad develop staff base on resource utilization needs • Enforces project portfolio deadlines and schedules, including resource constraint and schedule overlap with other units of the HIT portfolio • Monitors project portfolio status and ensures that appropriate project monitoring tasks are implemented and utilized • Oversees the development of functional requirements, specifications and system design specifications for business requests for multiple integrate clinical teams • Oversees the development of system documentation, user manuals and training classes for application suite • Oversees the development of test plans and testing efforts and ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner • Provides leadership and technical guidance to identify system deficiencies and analyze system problems and solutions • Collaborates with business stakeholders to introduce innovative solutions • Serves as liaison to clinical staff and healthcare IT aligning requirements with capabilities • Strategic planning • Identify and implement workflow improvements to support further exception-based workflows, increased enterprise-wide consistency and staff efficiency, (i.e., smart text notes auto-populating, auto-routing of accounts based on activity selected, escalation pathway creation) • Review existing dashboards and reporting solutions in place and ensure operations are fully adopting tools in place. Identify opportunities for suggested improvements.  • Ensuring that technical staffing levels are maintained, and training and certification requirements are met • Maintaining close communication with the Epic technical coordinator, technical manager, and system representatives • Coordinating production and non-production hardware and software support for your Epic infrastructure including servers, network, storage, backup, operating systems, virtualization platforms, and desktop devices • Managed the system development life cycle for all clinical applications.  • Facilitate dialog between stakeholders to promote realistic expectation • Participate in clinical information system implementations and oversaw a portfolio of projects including the deployment of IT infrastructure and devices for a new $180 million IT initiative.  • Strategic advisor to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) for a health system that includes five hospitals, over 180 ambulatory care locations, a school of nursing and a school of medicine.  • Develop and maintained the information technology ( IT) strategic plan that outlines the IT vision, strategies and roadmap to enable AHS to achieve its business objectives.  • Streamline communication between the corporate IT department and executive and clinical staff across five hospitals.  • Engage in the development of the annual $30 million IT capital budget by facilitating the prioritization of hospital-specific requests and the development of project budgets.  • Develop enterprise-wide strategies including the organization of the health system into a regional health network with shared services.  • Coordinated efforts between the Epic technical team and the infrastructure team across the organization • Led all planning, cost estimate, and resource needs, and hardware tracking • Review work queue volumes and identify opportunities for training and/or work queue re-alignment. Identify opportunities to optimize work queue logic, including account scoring, productivity analysis, etc.  • Ensure enterprise standardized workflows are being adopted to reduce facility-driven exceptions.  • Assess accuracy of expected reimbursement contracts and monitor payment variances while ensuring annual pricing negotiations are properly managed. Epic Ambulatory Program Director HCTEC - Cape Girardeau, MO February 2017 to July 2017 • Provided leadership and oversight to the operations of 75 staff members including teams responsible for the design, deployment, and maintenance of clinical and business applications and the network infrastructure, the implementation of clinical information system enhancements to support Meaningful Use attestation, and the implementation of technology to improve patient flow in two emergency departments.  • Oversaw the Soft Lab integration initiative with Epic • Enforces project portfolio deadlines and schedules, including resource constraint and schedule overlap with other units of the HIT portfolio • Ensuring that technical requirements and tasks are understood, clearly communicated, and executed on time • Updating technical and interface project plans, technical trackers, and other work plans • Participating in core project leadership discussions and decisions • Assists in the facilitation of team and client meetings • Provides status reports and updates on aspects of the project portfolio as requested by management • Monitors project portfolio status and ensures that appropriate project monitoring tasks are implemented and utilized • Oversees the development of test plans and testing efforts and ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner • Oversees ongoing process improvement initiatives within multiple integrated clinical IT teams • Responsible for employee engagement and satisfaction of multiple integrated clinical IT teams • Technology enhancements contributed to a reduction of over 60 minutes' inpatient length of stay in the busiest emergency department in the Northeast.  • Liaised between the enterprise technical team and the application team to enhance operational efficiency.  • Provided strategic guidance to senior leadership, and managed third party vendors.  • Led enterprise systems, storage and virtualization technology functions efficiently.  • Oversaw process to ensure technical requirements necessary to maintain EHR enterprise technology optimal functionality were understood, clearly communicated and executed on time.  • Led the patient registration project to integrate with soft lab • Led the discovery process around all related workflow issues • Supervised hardware deployment needed to support the Epic system, including servers, storage, and virtualization.  • Directed resolution of sizeable technical integration issues, including setting up timelines, following up on progress teams made to ensure solutions were established promptly and within budget.  • Coordinated interface considerations with interface director, ensuring interface manager planned interface analysis, managed the interface project plans and key milestones. Sr. IT Project Manager Intellect Resources - Elmwood Park, NJ September 2016 to December 2016 • Managed project deployment over several releases.  • Led an iterative and agile project to promote rapid delivery • Worked with senior leadership, stakeholders to resolve challenges to maintain project timeline and scope.  • Provided detailed SAP project scope and sizing of the projects to allocate appropriate resources. Managed the Onbase relationship.  • Led HR, Finance, and Supply side of the SAP design, testing, and Implementation. Worked closely with end users to make sure the requirements were correct.  • Led weekly status meetings with the team to monitor progress. Estimated annual project resources, timelines, and budget.  • Provided process training to the development team.  • Offered detailed estimates for projects for design and development. Validate forecasts from consultants. Monitored development defects. Provided input to drive process improvements as necessary Epic Program Director ICG - Eatontown, NJ February 2016 to July 2016 • Utilized extensive project management skills to coordinate all technical aspects of the electronic health records (EHR) system technical components and technical infrastructure, including systems, storage, and virtualization.  • Liaised between the enterprise technical team and the application team to enhance operational efficiency.  • Oversaw process to ensure technical requirements necessary to maintain EHR enterprise technology optimal functionality were understood, clearly communicated and executed on time.  • Directed the joint 2015 Upgrade initiative with Hackensack University Hospital.  • Directed enterprise systems, storage and virtualization technology functions efficiently.  • Supervised hardware deployment needed to support the Epic system, including servers, storage, and virtualization.  • Directed the resolution of large technical integration issues, including setting up timelines, following up on progress teams made to ensure solutions were established promptly and within budget, and coordinating appropriate resources to manage problems.  • Managed the interface project plans and key milestones, and coordinated with ancillary departments to secure interface-testing resources.  • Collaborated with Human Resources, and participated in workforce management, hiring, interviewing and selection processes.  • Oversees the development of test plans and testing efforts and ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner • Oversees ongoing process improvement initiatives within multiple integrated clinical IT teams • Responsible for employee engagement and satisfaction of multiple integrated clinical IT teams • Monitors project portfolio status and ensures that appropriate project monitoring tasks are implemented and utilized • Serves as escalation point and decision maker as subject matter expert • Operating responsibilities • Consistently delivers high-quality services to business stakeholders • Serves as escalation point and incident manager of issue resolution • Oversees the development of functional requirements, specifications and system design specifications for business requests for multiple integrate clinical teams • Monitored performance of staff, mentored and empowered the team, and managed daily workflow to ensure maximum operating efficiency.  • Played a vital role in the budget process and operated within budget, promoting departmental efficiency.  • Skillfully coordinated an environment strategy, including data migration methods and schedules.  • Developed and published data migration timelines with project manager to ensure deadlines were met.  • Established a management process for nightly batch processes to enhance processing efficiency.  • Collaborated with application teams and project director to efficiently develop technical downtime and recovery processes and facilitate technical setup of downtime reporting.  • Expertly supported application coordinators to manage imports and other technical tasks.  • Monitored project scope that included Ambulatory, MyChart, Epicare Link, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, Resolute Hospital Billing and Professional Billing. Epic Program Manager Affiliate of Clevelan Clinic - Akron, OH 2015 to 2016 • Monitored project scope that included Ambulatory, MyChart, Epicare Link, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, Resolute Hospital Billing and Professional Billing.  • Managed the affiliated relationship between Cleveland Clinic and Akron General hospital • Creating and implementing objective-oriented plans to achieve team goals and align implementation with Cleveland Clinic • Work with compliance department to outline policies and procedures to align with the Cleveland Clinic policies and Procedures.  • Developing timelines to track performance across clinical development • Develop and manage test scripts • Manage unit and integrated testing • Maintain senior-level control of budget and financial decisions of projects • Serve as a liaison in many roles among senior staff members to improve business effectiveness • Serve as a resource for Clinical Development for internal and external projects • Present on behalf of the Cleveland Clinic at internal and external meetings • Managed project plans using Work front as well as Cleveland Clinic templates • Project Scope included Ambulatory, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, PB, and HB Education Doctor of Philosophy in Health Care Leadership Walden University - Minneapolis, MN 2019 Master of Business Administration in Management Information Systems Saint Peter's College - Jersey City, NJ Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy Brooklyn College - Brooklyn, NY Skills ADT (3 years), Billing (3 years), budget (3 years), Cadence (3 years), Hospital Billing (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/percivalvera-pmp Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  IT Clinical Applications Management Application Development Life Cycle IT Budget Management  Business Continuity & Systems Security Team Leadership/Management Strong Epic Experience  Systems Implementation & Maintenance Change & Operations Management IT Project Management  Solution Full Cycle Implementation Third Party Vendor Management Multi-Level Troubleshooting Revenue Cycle Management Patient Registration Ssystems Ambulatory & HIM Platform    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Applications Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Workfront, Microsoft Project, Resource Management Tool, Microsoft SharePoint Designer, Microsoft Visio, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Dynamics NAV, Microsoft CRM, SAP, mySAP    Databases Oracle 9i, SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, Dynamo, MySQL, Oracle 7/10g, Maria DB, MSSQL  Database Management RDBMS  Systems  EPIC Software Ambulatory, MyChart, Epicare Link, Cadence®, Inpatient, HIM, ADT/Prelude®, Resolute Hospital Billing and Professional Billing  Methodologies PMI, AGP, Scrum  Mobile Android, iOS, Simple Notification Service, Microsoft ActiveSync  Operating Systems/Platforms UNIX Solaris 9, Windows XP/Vista/7/8, Mac, Blackberry OS, Apple iOS, Apple OS X, 10.1 - 10.10  Programming Languages SQL, PL/SQL, C, XML, Java, Unix shell scripting  Remote Access GovLan Remote, Dameware Remote, RDP, TeamViewer, LogMeIn, Apple Remote Desktop  Security DBAN, Helix, Microsoft Security Baseline Analyzer, Nessus, Snort network intrusion detection, and prevention system, GFI LANguard Network Security Scanner  Server Hardware IBM System X Server, HP Proliant Server, Dell Server  Storage NAS, SAN Technologies  System Backup and Restore Acronis, Symantec Backup Exec, Storagecraft ShadowProtect Image backup, Trulead VM Explorer, Veritas New Backup, Cisco, Linux RedHat 3, Citrix    Virtualization VMware Virtualization, Parallels Virtualization, Norton Ghost, System Imaging  Web Server IIS, Debian Apache, Debian Linux  Website Technology Python 2.7 Pyramid Web Framework, HTML 5, CSS 3, WordPress  Other Skype for Business, Hirens, SpinRite