Quality Assurance Associate Quality Assurance Associate Quality Assurance Associate - HCL America Plano, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Quality Assurance Associate HCL America March 2015 to Present Utilized Service Now to run queries for the daily ticket escalations and misroutes reported by the client's managers. Rerouted the tickets to the proper resolution groups, and resolved the escalations if within scope.  ? Entered all incidences into spreadsheets to analyze and determine the sources of such issues, and provided training to the agents in order to prevent further recurrences to the client. IT Manager Dr. M. Kazemi August 2013 to March 2015 Responsible for creating patient accounts and updating all files within the guidelines of the state of Texas using the required Immtrac database.  ? Accountable for verifying all patient vaccines and immunizations (including date administered, type of procedure, lot number, and manufacturer) have been accurately uploaded to the state database on a daily basis.  ? Delivered Windows 7, Office 2010, troubleshooting resolutions, proper network connectivity, as well as hardware and other software support to six-terminals on the network in order to provide the office staff with the optimal IT environment. IT Educator Zhengzhou Middle School (China) August 2012 to July 2013 Completely disassembled the existing computer lab network of 36 terminals, including upgrading all PCs from XP to Windows 7 and Office 2003 to Office 2010. Installed Management Software tool to monitor and grant the instructor full control of all students' computer activity  ? Successfully guided students in order to graduate and acquire their Global Assessment Certificate by being an authorized Project of Global Access Instructor by China's Foreign Expert Bureau  ? Instructed Chinese students in Computing I & II (Windows 7, Office 2010, and Databases), and Communication Development to prepare them for foreign universities  ? Tutored 8th graders in a biology DNA project, from how to gather specimens to creating their final PowerPoint presentations, and helped the students to improve science speech IT Project Coordinator Staffing Solutions May 2009 to July 2010 Maintained responsibility for coordinating the installation of automated teller-machines (ATM), including both hardware and software applications for Bank of America  ? Managed and maintained the Project Master Schedule, tracking an average of 350 monthly ATM installations and upgrades for the country  ? Coordinated discrete steps required for each installation: manufacturing, inventory availability, delivery, on-site installation, hardware and software testing, and troubleshooting Education Computer Information Technology Brookhaven College 2010 to 2012 Bachelor of Science in Economics/Business The University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX 1998 to 2001 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Citrix (2 years), MySQL (2 years), Html5 (3 years), CSS3 (2 years), Outlook (5 years), Networking (5 years), Active Directory (1 year) Awards Gold Star Award 2015-11 For outstanding performance, and exceeding expectations Certifications/Licenses Web Development Specialist Additional Information ? Coursework completed in database and web coding (html, MySQL, php)  ? Teacher and Tutor to 96 Chinese High School students in the Henan province of China  ? Fluent with troubleshooting in Microsoft Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, and fully experienced with all versions of Microsoft Office.    RELAVENT ACQUIRED SKILLS    ? Goal Setting and Execution  ? Communication  ? Project Coordination    ? Collaboration and Teamwork  ? Analytical and Problem Solving  ? Creating and Providing Integrated Solutions