Manager of IT Operations <span class="hl">Manager</span> of <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations Manager of IT Operations - Security on Demand Encinitas, CA ? Spearheaded the launch of an industry-first mobile application on a global scale for iTunes and Google Play utilizing Amazon Web Services across multiple products and data center locations.  ? Architected and managed a new data center supporting seven locations operating 24x7 with a budget of over $2M.  ? Authored organization-wide policies and procedures to improve business continuity, security, PCI, disaster recovery, and succession planning.  ? Introduced long-range wireless connections at multiple locations to support daily operations, VoIP, video and credit cards.  ? Consolidated over 70 servers to 6 VSphere hosts utilizing High-Availability with redundant SAN and fiber connectivity.  ? Architected and managed network infrastructure for over 1k end points with identity access, data integrity and availability.  ? Architected and managed a 500K-sqft base village with wireless, copper/fiber cabling, switching, security, and data center/MDF/IDF closet design.  ? Propelled the IT department to a business partner while changing its perception from a "cost" to "empowering" center. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager of IT Operations Security on Demand - Poway, CA March 2018 to Present Run technology operations for a MSSP with global influence and industry leading technology.  ? Innovation: Serve as senior technology partner providing guidance on product development and daily operations.  ? Staff Leadership: Develop technology team supporting global operations through leadership and mentorship.  ? Process Optimization: Improving business processes with positive impact to staff morale and increased effectiveness.  ? Operational Insight: Provide leadership with technology operations including PCI and SOC 2. Technology Katalyst & Project Manager Aspen, CO January 2015 to Present Run operational support, design and implementation, and project management with AWS offerings for key initiatives.  ? Strategic Planning: Oversee software development strategic planning to support mobile and web projects.  ? Project Management: Gather requirements, develop work-flows, manage timelines, and drive on-target completion.  ? Client Relations: Interface with clients to develop RFPs, align expectations, and ensure total satisfaction.  ? Design and Architecture: Provide system design and architecture for network, storage, virtualization, and security. Director of Technology & Development KWIPPO, INC - Denver, CO August 2015 to November 2016 Provided strategic input and leadership on technology and data security for a startup mobile app company.  ? Subject Matter Expertise: Served as a Senior Technology Advisor and Member of the Executive Board.  ? Business Expansion: Opened and coordinated across offices in Denver, Aspen, and Boston.  ? Product Development: Managed the development of an industry-first image curation website and mobile application for iOS and Android.  ? Process Optimization: Created and improved processes and procedures for better communications and efficiency.  ? Financial Management: Oversaw the technology budget, cost control, and expense tracking. Director, IT Operations & Project Manager ASPEN SKIIING COMPANY March 2014 to June 2015 Ran technology design and support services for a ski resort and retail store with over 1k end points at over 30 locations.  ? Cost Control: Reduced data center expenses 30% through virtualization, consolidation, and system review.  ? Policy and Procedure Development: Authored policies and procedures to improve business continuity, disaster recovery, succession planning, and security.  ? Budget Management: Oversaw more than $2M in operating and capital budgets, and reduced costs while maintaining 99.999% up time.  ? Compliance: Managed PCI governance and regulatory compliance in credit card processing.  ? Key Leadership: Served as a Founding Member of the Strategic Solutions Team, and Member of the PCI Response Team and Corporate Diversity Committee.  ? Design and Development: Utilized Hybrid cloud, data access, security remote sales, JDE, and Peoplesoft.  ? Preventative Maintenance and Upgrades: Ensured network, system, and data availability and integrity.  ? Network Performance: Monitored and provided statistical reports on real-time and historical measurements.    Previous: IT Operations Manager (Aspen, CO); Network Manager at Aspen Skiing Company (Aspen, CO); Systems Manager at Health Technologies (Aspen, CO & Jerusalem); Network Manager as Aspen Club & Spa (Aspen, CO); Network Administrator at Designworkshop (Aspen, CO) & Diversified Records (West Pittston, PA); Programmer at All American Software (Newtown, PA). Education Associate of Arts in Business Administration Northern Virginia Community College - Fairfax, VA 2012 Achievers Leadership Training Bell Leadership Institute - Chapel Hill, NC 2006 Skills AWS (3 years), CHECKPOINT (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (Less than 1 year), LAN (Less than 1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/billcrimmel Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Operating Systems/ Software:  Confluence, JIRA, AWS, LAN, WAN, SAN, Cisco, Checkpoint, F5, WAF, VMWare, VSphere, Horizon View, Server 2003/2008/2012, Exchange 2003/2010, Aruba. Ubiquiti, MS Office Suite, ServiceNow