Information System Manager- Assistant to the IT Head Information System <span class="hl">Manager</span>- Assistant to the <span class="hl">IT</span> Head Information System Manager- Assistant to the IT Head - Gainwell Commosales Pvt. Ltd. - a dealership of Caterpillar Inc Morristown, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information System Manager- Assistant to the IT Head Gainwell Commosales Pvt. Ltd. - a dealership of Caterpillar Inc May 2018 to Present • Support network and system infrastructure, including:  ? Head a small team of programmers and analysts; assisted in the execution of two apps for the company's e-Serve Program for clients.  ? Assisted in preparing over 20 infrastructure performance analyses and reports.  ? Manage IT budget in coordination with the IT head for about 1600+ staff at 108 locations.  ? Involved in CSR activities; introduced vocational training programmes for the underprivileged and uneducated. Gainwell Commosales Pvt. Ltd. - a dealership of Caterpillar Inc - Delhi, Delhi June 2016 to Present Senior Executive Project Manager Gainwell Commosales Pvt. Ltd. - a dealership of Caterpillar Inc September 2017 to September 2017 • Planned and managed the construction site for the company's new headquarter; Lead a team of 5 members.  ? Determined labour, equipment, other on-site requirements and costs.  ? Implemented Equipment Monitoring solutions for more than 8000 Caterpillar machines.  ? Conducted regular financial budgetary meetings to assure prompt project close outs.  ? Referred to the LEED reference guide to oversee the building of the infrastructure and pushed the architects to build an eco-friendly space.  ? Applied and attained the First v4 LEED Platinum Building rating in Asia from the US Green Building Council.  ? Successfully completed 5-acre project within the targeted time frame. Project Manager Gainwell Commosales Pvt. Ltd. - a dealership of Caterpillar Inc June 2016 to June 2016 • Oversaw the project as per contract specifications and established project timelines.  ? Negotiated contracts and facilitated communication between company head and sub-contractors.  ? Reviewed blueprints with the project architects and addressed the required environmental impact concerns.  ? Prepared contracts, permits, cost estimate drafts. Marketing Manager Chapati House (Restaurant) March 2015 to June 2015 Organized promotional events such as open mic nights and urban musical events to usher the opening of the restaurant and increase its visibility in the area; Curated marketing material and lead social media campaigns.  ? Introduced and implemented an efficient system of home deliveries by using eco-friendly electric bicycles. Education Certification Harvard Business School October 2016 to April 2017 Ross University September 2015 to February 2016 B.A. in Biological Sciences The State University of New Jersey January 2011 to October 2014 Arts and Sciences School of Arts 2013 to 2014 Skills Hp-ux (Less than 1 year), Testing (Less than 1 year), Unix (Less than 1 year), Ux (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Skills  Computer Software: Office Suite, Website Development, App Testing (UX), Bugs and Exploits Testing