DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER DIGITAL MARKETING <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> Sandpoint, ID Work Experience DIGITAL MARKETING MANAGER The Duston School - Northampton, Northamptonshire 2016 to February 2017 Main Responsibilities:  • Responsible for the development of a 'corporate' marketing strategy and its implementation, the development of marketing collateral including brand awareness, external marketing events and maximizing opportunities for communications activity.  • Responsible for researching new online media opportunities that may benefit the business including mobile, social media, development of blogs and forums.  • Increasing perception and usage of the Events & Partnerships department. Building a list of services and selling the benefits to the business.  • Leading and implementing a set of complex Process change initiatives including change of structures and processes.  • Developing lasting senior management relationships in order to leverage agreement and consensus on a wide range of goals for the department.  • Responsible for the line management of a small 3-person team, and also the management, administration and maintenance of the Virtual Learning Environment used within the school by all stakeholders.  • Using web analytics software to monitor performance of client websites and make recommendations for improvement.  Key Achievements:    • Implementing a standardization program to a wide range of services the Events Team provide.  • Implementing a Prince2 project management pipe line and process.  • Responsible for designing and implementing a new support model based on 2 lines of support and eliminating key man dependencies with engaged business partners.  • Implementation of inviting, dynamic & engaging places to learn and navigate. IT PROJECT MANAGER & DIGITAL LEAD The Duston School - Northampton, Northamptonshire 2015 to 2016 Main Responsibilities:  • Responsible for running projects and project process, maintaining and updating of the project portfolio.  • Responsible for customer engagement and the gathering of requirements.  • Directs technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and user projects.  • Decision making on whether a risk (risk register) is added to the project portfolio & decision making on whether an initiative is to be run as a project or BAU  • Accountable for project governance and documentation being followed and completed, for project timescales.  • Communicating and negotiating with third party vendors on behalf of the School, with the technical teams to provide and review solutions.  • Manages the activities and people associated with the project as well as the success of that project.  • Leading and implementing a set of complex change initiatives to a large IT function (60 FTE). The Changes covered the full spectrum of support services, people/culture and specialist areas of technology.  • Developing lasting senior management relationships in order to leverage agreement and consensus on a wide range of goals for the department.    Key Achievements:  • Project Management, design and Implementation of a new VLE and website for all alliances under the Duston Education Trust.  • Implementing a Prince2 project management pipe line and process.  • Project management and Implementation of a new phone system for whole school 300+ users SOCIAL & NEW MEDIA COORDINATOR & IT TECHNICIAN The Duston School - Northampton, Northamptonshire 2013 to 2015 Main Responsibilities:  • In Accordance with strict safeguarding guidelines. Devising and implementing an engaging and interesting online social media presence.  • Responsible for developing a distinct online presence and therefore attracting high numbers of internet followers through the school's web & social media channels.  • Responsible for developing strategies to increase number of visitors to a website by getting high-ranking placements in search results - Search engine optimization (SEO).  • Pay per click (PPC) marketing campaigns: sponsored online advertising paid for by the business to appear alongside non-paid search results. Providing accurate reports and analysis to the SLT to demonstrate effective return on investment.  • Responsible for creating and uploading content for the school's website, writing and dispatching email marketing campaigns and researching new online media opportunities that may benefit the business including mobile, social media, development of blogs and forums.  • Meet with Senior Leaders with weekly/monthly web analytics using software to monitor performance of client websites and make recommendations for improvement;  • Keeping up to date with current digital trends.  • Negotiating with media suppliers to achieve the best price for clients.  • 1st line IT support to all end users.    Key Achievements:  • Over two academic years responsible for successfully growing the online presence of The Duston School by 40% each year.  • Assisted in project managing the iPad 1-2-1 project with end users being my focal point.  • Enhanced IT knowledge when assisting IT Support team by offering 1st line support to all end users.    Qualifications & Certifications Education BSc in AUDIO DESIGN AND PRODUCTION UNIVERSITY OF KENT 2013 Skills Video Editing (4 years), Video Production (4 years), Photoshop (3 years), Digital Marketing (2 years), Social Media Marketing (3 years), Social Media Management (4 years) Links http://www.danvburt.com Certifications/Licenses PRINCE2 Practitioner - Project Management October 2015 to October 2020