IT Support, Chief Compliance Officer <span class="hl">IT</span> Support, Chief Compliance Officer Project Manager Tampa, FL Work Experience IT Support, Chief Compliance Officer GTM May 2012 to Present • Administering and maintaining multiple databases  • Developing and administering business intelligence software  • Managing multiple projects across multiple companies  • Coordinating with multiple entities to ensure projects are completed on time and within scope  • Developing, deploying, and maintaining Access databases  • Writing and pulling reports from a variety of databases and data formats  • Helping with network administration  • Project Manager on Domain Rename project  • Performing a domain rename  • Project Manager on Server Security project  • Implementing server security  • Writing and editing IT Corporate Security Policy  • Project Manager for Database Upgrade.  • Project Manager for Call Log Database.  • Project Manager for multiple compliance projects.  • Serve as point of contact for major clients  • Scheduling and running of meetings with both small and large groups of employees and managers.  • Training management on new software and solutions that I have implemented  • Extensive use of Microsoft Excel, Word, and Access, including helping to build and manage databases.  • Providing hardware and software technical support for the office.  • Importing, exporting, and mining of data files.  • Querying database and running reports daily.  • Gathering data from Excel and creating a PowerPoint presentation daily.  • Using pivot tables to display and summarize data from several sources.  • Developing, testing, and implementing a call log database for statistics gathering.  • Determining requirements to fix corruption in two databases  • Reporting to CEOs of several companies, as well as the VP of Operations a debt collections company, the VP of Sales for a debt brokering company, and the CIO for a debt collections and debt management company. Project Manager/ IT Manager Center for the Study of International Languages and Cultures - Tampa, FL July 2009 to February 2011 • Assessing work flow and assigning work to employees.  • Determining time requirements for completing projects.  • Offering suggestions quickly and implementing strategies when problems arose.  • Being very well organized in tracking paperwork.  • Tracking work progress and pace of employees.  • Making presentations in small meetings as well as in front of entire office.  • Managing projects daily, while dealing with problems when they arose.  • Training employees for a number of different job responsibilities.  • Working with management to identify and solving any issues that arise.  • Serving as point of contact for major clients.  • Scheduling and running of meetings with both small and large groups of employees and managers.  • Serving as primary contact for employees for assigned tasks and expected due dates.  • Creating and updating Excel spreadsheets and pivot tables to track work and work progress  • Operating front desk, including answering and routing of calls, responding to inquires, and providing administrative support.  • Preparing PowerPoint presentations for employee meetings.  • Preparing PowerPoint presentations for the director to make to clients. Technical Support Professional I Stream Global Services - Tampa, FL December 2008 to July 2009 • Helping customers solve a wide array of technical problems while maintaining the highest customer experience possible by using my extensive technical knowledge  • Communicating to customers the problems they are having and walking them through troubleshooting steps to provide a solution, which usually involves taking hardware out of the computer, while keeping in mind the customer’s technical knowledge and expertise  • Provide customers with a total resolution to their problems by selling them products when desired, appropriate, and opportunities arise  • Documenting the details of calls accurately and descriptively, providing as much attention to detail as possible  • Providing world class customer service quickly and efficiently  • Setting up dispatches for replacement parts when needed  • Calling customers back when issues are unable to be resolved initially  • Being available to help co-workers when they need help  • Being a team player  • Being well organized with my cases and paperwork Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA - Tampa, FL 2011 to 2013 Masters of Business Administration in Management, Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA - Tampa, FL 2010 to 2012 Bachelor's in Economics NEW COLLEGE OF FLORIDA - Sarasota, FL 2004 to 2008 Skills Project Management, Business Analyst, IT Support Additional Information I received my MS/MIS and MBA from the University of South Florida. I have been working in project management / business analysis since 2009 and in IT since 2008.    Skills Summary  ? Technical Support  ? Report Preparation  ? Business Analyst  ? Presentation Skills  ? Creative problem solving  ? Microsoft Office 2010  ? BI admin  ? Detail Oriented  ? Data mining  ? Web development  ? Project Management  ? Ability to provide training  ? Problem Solving  ? Critical Thinking  ? Database management