Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer - CAPITAL ONE Richmond, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer CAPITAL ONE July 2015 to Present • Led a project to create an internal Java application that monitors various systems & log tools.  • Created an iOS app that would grab data stored in S3 buckets to display to end user.  • Implemented alerting & scheduling. Created new internal APIs for pulling the monitoring data into a Web app.  • Involved in moving on-prem systems to AWS. Created resiliency and data movement processes involving MongoDB, S3, Lambda, and API Gateway.  • Created a dashboard app using AngularJS that enables increased AWS productivity and promotes best practices. Software Engineer CAPITAL ONE August 2014 to July 2015 • Helped to deliver Rewards Gift Cards functionality utilizing ETL and database tools including Ab Initio, Teradata, & MongoDB. Assisted with data restoration as part of a Sev1 recovery.  • Presented MongoDB benefits and use cases to my Senior Director and his team.  • Led a project with third party vendor Epsilon to bring in data and ingest it in the Hadoop lake for analytical use.    Other projects & Involvement:  • Training & Dev Committee - Set up, hosted, and taught lunch and learns, coffee hours, conference booths, etc. Worked with the Richmond Tech Council to promote company involvement in the greater tech community.  • Taught four rounds of AWS classes (8 weeks each) to groups of 12-40 people to prepare them for the AWS Solutions Architect exam. Success rate of those who have taken the exam is above 80%.  • Heavily involved in recruiting (technical interviews). Participated in Capital One coders (teaching middle school students how to code). IT Intern January 2014 to April 2014 • Learned the ASP .NET framework, improved both domestic and international websites. Created automated web regression tests in C#. Improved the in-house app that runs tests.  • Created a data-driven report in Visio (hosted in SharePoint) that shows the real-time status and other information related to our databases, data warehouses, and data movements. IT Manager Blue Spring Partners July 2013 to January 2014 Website development, IT support, implementing new solutions to increase productivity/customer conversion rate. Assistant Project Manager BYU Idaho September 2012 to February 2013 Curriculum Development Department - planned, designed, and created hybrid and online courses. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Technology Brigham Young University July 2014 Skills AngularJS (2 years), API (2 years), AWS. (3 years), iOS (2 years), MongoDB (3 years) Additional Information Skills  • Cloud Architecture and Engineering (AWS Solutions Architect - Associate Certified)  • Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, API Gateway, etc.)  • Infrastructure and Code Automation (CloudFormation, Terraform, Chef, Ansible), CICD (GitHub, Jenkins)  • Programming & API Development (Java, Python, JavaScript (NodeJS), C#, C++, ASP .NET)  • Web Development (JavaScript (AngularJS), HTML, CSS and CSS Preprocessors)  • Mobile Development (iOS, Swift, Android)  • Testing (ATDD - Ruby & Cucumber, JUnit)  • Database & ETL (MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, Ab Initio)  • Computer Networking and Security (CompTIA Security+ Certified)  • Systems Admin (Windows Server 2012 and 2008 R2)  • Big Data (Hadoop) & Business Intelligence - Reporting Services, Visio, SharePoint  • Monitoring (Splunk, Influx, Grafana, various analysis and alerting tools)  • Management and Leadership (Richmond Lead & Community Outreach Director for the Training Committee, Assistant Project Manager, IT Manager)  • Spanish