IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - ScanSource, Inc Taylors, SC Self-starting IT Project Manager with over 3 years of professional project experience and strengths in communication, problem solving, and process improvement. Team player with the ability to see the big picture, adapt quickly to new and changing environments, pull the right levers at the right time, and understand complex technical environments. Work Experience IT Project Manager ScanSource, Inc - Greenville, SC April 2016 to Present Responsible for internal application development, 3rd party system, and infrastructure projects. Experienced in Waterfall and Scrum practices and use Jira, Confluence, MS Project, and WorkFront.  * Manage the full project lifecycle for highly visible, strategic projects that span multiple business units and geographies, including ERP, PIM, eCommerce, Salesforce.com, data center builds, and network migrations from acquisitions.  * Communicate with senior executives, 3rd parties, and project team members to understand business processes and needs, recommend solutions, translate business ideas to technical requirements, build project plans, and report project status.  * Lead and support project teams to consistently meet expectations by managing risks, finances, and changes, removing obstacles, and acting as a Business Analyst and Tester when needed.  * Collaborate with management, junior project managers, and developers on opportunities to expand skill sets through training and exposure to new technologies and applications.  * Aiding management in defining Agile practices and transforming the PMO from Waterfall to Agile. HR Project Consultant (Temporary) McLaughlin Body Company - Anderson, SC January 2016 to March 2016 Partnered with senior business leaders to develop Human Resources strategies and implement changes in policy, performance management, recruiting, training and development, and compensation.  * Redesigned the recruiting program to ensure better candidate selection and efficiency through conducting a company-wide job analysis, writing job descriptions, using prescreen interviews, and standardizing interviews.  * Created an employee handbook and performance management program, including a 90-day new hire evaluation, a performance improvement plan, and an annual review.  * Assisted Environmental Health and Safety Department in creating a repository for ISO documents. HR Specialist Adidas Group - Spartanburg, SC June 2015 to October 2015 Maintained all local HRIS, including SAP and SuccessFactors, local and global reporting, and data entry and analysis. First point of contact regarding safety and human resources issues.  * Rebuilt SharePoint site, initiated campus employer branding initiatives, and updated new hire orientation.  * Redesigned recruiting and onboarding strategies to focus on improved sourcing, quality of candidate experience, and metric based evaluations and experience surveys.  * Led employee engagement initiatives to include Diversity Day, Week of Wellness, and volunteer events. HR Project Consultant Durham, NC August 2014 to December 2014 Designed an employee engagement process and implementation plan based on analytics and best practice research.  * Led project team of 4 through change in project scope to focus on importance of disengaged employees, engagement drivers, and customization of surveys based on demographics.  * Analyzed data sets to identify trends and recommend structural improvements in engagement, new hire, and exit surveys.  * Wrote over 25 pages of detailed research, data analysis, and recommendations for senior management. Education Master of Human Resources in MHR University of South Carolina December 2014 Bachelor of Science in Hospitality Management University of South Carolina May 2013 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/bridgetcate