Manager, Technology Strategy - Digital Panels <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Technology Strategy - Digital Panels Manager, Technology Strategy - Digital Panels - Nielsen (NLSN) Nashville, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Technology Strategy - Digital Panels Nielsen - Nashville, TN October 2017 to Present Define, drive, and manage the roadmap, strategy, and cross-functional initiatives for the Digital Panel portfolio which is a key input into the digital census based measurement. Manager, Technology Delivery Nielsen - Nashville, TN August 2016 to October 2017 Supported four strategic digital measurement products and managed tech delivery team consisting of 30 IT  associates, while ensuring quality and on-time delivery to clients. Product Annual Revenue ~ 40 million.  • Responsible for data ingestion, processing, delivery, and data quality support for digital product suite. Achieved 99%  quality and on-time delivery meeting SLA and KPI compliance.  • Executed and prioritized key strategic development efforts including automation, incident reduction, and system  enhancements driving value for the products and clients. This resulted in a 40% reduction in incident tickets.  Technology Emerging Leaders Program  The Nielsen Technology Leadership Program is a two-year rotational program with four roles across two years. The program  is about developing and investing in future leaders. It consists of intensive training, leadership development, and functional  skill development by managing complex projects. After completion associates take on high visibility management roles. IT Project Manager Nielsen - Lugano, CH February 2016 to July 2016 Switzerland)  • Transformed and relaunched process of managing 260 technology development work requests, team capacity,  client/product enhancement requests, and execution of 67 requests for the international TV portfolio.  • Facilitated technology program requirements, scope, development, testing and launch of web-based reporting  application tied to 2MM additional revenue for international TV portfolio. Client Service Associate Nielsen - New York, NY August 2015 to January 2016 New York)  • Built financial models for contract negotiations and analysis resulting in multi-million-dollar contract extension.  • Executed product analysis and recommendations which were used to develop digital product pricing models.  • Managed and resolved client inquiries as first point of contact for Time Warner affiliates. IT Program Manager - Digital Nielsen - Tampa, FL January 2015 to July 2015 • Managed development team owning the development and testing of 19 business requests resulting in  $537,000 financial impact.  • Cross-functional management of requirements, financials, development, testing, support and deployment of a web application resulting in 1.5MM annual revenue retention, and the creation of a new strategic deliverable. IT Project Manager Nielsen - Tampa, FL July 2014 to January 2015 • Lead and integrated two digital product agile releases across planning, development, and testing resulting in the deployment of a strategic user interface and critical back end improvements.  • Managed the re-design of the production quality process for a digital tool resulting in the reduction of 90% of unused system checks; improving product quality and time to execute. Education B.S. in Finance in Finance Michigan State University - Eli Broad College of Business Skills AWS (1 year), BI (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), Hadoop (1 year), Swift (Less than 1 year), JIRA (2 years), Confluence (2 years), Project Management (2 years), Management (2 years), SQL (1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (Less than 1 year), Agile (2 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/burnelljoshua Additional Information Skills  Professional: Strategic Planning, Communication, Management, Problem Solving, Analytical Thinking, and Collaboration    Intermediate Knowledge: Swift, HTML/CSS, SQL, Java, AWS, Big Data Infrastructure (Hadoop & Hazelcast)    Experience With: UI/UX Design, BI Tools (Tableau), Project Management Software, Agile Software (Jira, Confluence)