Service Program Manager Service Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Service Program Manager at Verizon Business Crown City, OH Information Technology ( IT) leader with 13 years of experience in all areas of IT focused on developing and executing IT strategies aligning enterprise objectives. A proven leader during all cycles of business including high growth, downturns, outsourcing, in-sourcing, acquisitions and mergers. An established record as a leader and business partner who collaborates with other business leaders to deploy technology to transform and simplify business processes while delivering bottom line measurable benefit. An energetic leader with a demonstrated ability to effectively lead and work in highly complex environments. ITIL Certified focused on providing predictability and efficiency aligning ITIL framework with business process to create "Best of Breed" IT Best Practices and Standards for the organization. Work Experience Service Program Manager Verizon Business June 2011 to Present Responsible for Lifecycle Governance for the State of West Virginia contract(s) client base. This includes management of client Operation and achievement of associated service levels that deliver contracted business outcomes. Enhance relationships with state and county government agencies, developing and maintaining executive client relationships as well as forging new relationships within assigned clients. Provide value to the clients thru the delivery of services from Transition to Day 2 Operation and developing risk mitigation strategies that minimize business disruption. Additionally, work through complex business & client challenges and collaborate in developing and implementing solutions.  • Established Incident monitoring for all State of West Virginia circuits enabling improved response and reducing mean time to repair.  • Initiated billing consolidation for the State of West Virginia Office of Technology by integrating a central repository (SINGLeView) for all accounts related to the contract.  • Initiated data integrity verification and cleanup actives to reduce billing errors and improve incident management level of service.  • Coordinated Service Contracts with Frontier for all 3rd party Local Exchange Carrier services related to State of West Virginia communications requirements.  • Implemented weekly operations review calls with State of West Virginia Office of Technology leadership to identify service improvement opportunities.  • Developed Monthly metrics outlining System Availability, Meantime to Repair, Usage, Circuit assignments, and Contract Fiscal Summary for both internal and customer review.  • Coordinate improvement plans for high risk circuits and identify opportunities for redundancy.  • Partner with other Verizon Program Managers to standardize procedure and toolset. Principal IT Project Management Consultant DEXISIVE Inc June 2011 to June 2011 Responsible for the overall project methodology development for HUD (Housing and Urban Development) datacenter hosted by HP Enterprise Services. Responsible for evaluating problem/change/ project management business processes in a datacenter environment to meet or exceed ISO 20000 standards. Leading infrastructure teams responsible Unisys/IBM Mainframe Systems, Windows and UNIX Operating Systems. Assuring datacenter environments are standardized, maintained, and improved. Manage service level objectives; define support processes and measure operational performance.  • Established framework processes and procedures while developing the organizations Project Management Office  • Manage Project Portfolio of 34 active projects ranging from $5000.00 - $5,000,000.00 supporting both HP Data Center Operations and HUD Client delivery  • Established Governance review process with HP and HUD leadership  • Established standardized SDLC to accommodate a matrix environment with 3rd party service providers and increase the delivery quality.  • Coach and document development plans for both Project Managers and Technical Staff establishing achievable goals.  • Developed and revised departmental procedure manuals to assist staffs in all aspects of datacenter operations  • Developed process to regularly updated Quality Control procedures to ensure full compliance with company policies and procedures  • Generated weekly statistical and department performance reports for executive leadership review  • Evaluate technical solutions for datacenter operations including job scheduling, ticket managements, and monitoring  • Implemented content management solution for 22 HUD Program Offices focused on centralizing and standardizing over 24,000 content artifacts hosted on www.HUD.gov  • Coordinated wintel operating system upgrades for 400 servers hosting over 500 HUD applications  • Implemented Cisco IOS upgrade for all datacenter network  • Implemented Siebel CRM to consolidate legacy CRM systems across multiple HUD Program Offices (1700 seats) to a single toolset for economy of scale. Shared IT Service Manager NetJets, Inc. Global IT Service Delivery Strategy May 2002 to May 2002 Responsible for the overall management of the NetJets, Inc. Global IT Service Delivery Strategy leading global technology teams responsible for phone support, field support, application deployment, image management, and asset management. Responsible for implementing effective and efficient processes fielding, tracking, and resolving end-user reported technical problems and training questions. Assuring workstation and data center environments are standardized, maintained, and improved. Manage service level objectives; define support processes and measure operational performance. Developed a world class customer service environment and improved the businesses perception of the technology services department. Support 4 companies, over 5000 users, 2500 workstations, 2800 mobile devices, and 250 applications. Responsible for managing 2 supervisors, 15 individual contributors, and additional contract/ project resources as needed.  • Financial management responsibilities include direct oversight of $3M capital and expense budget  • Developed 1,3, 5,& 10 year Operations and Budget plans designed to set strategic direction and identify cost reduction opportunities  • Primary contact for business unit leadership and executive management technology incident escalations.  • Drive Technology assessments, implementations, and support across a global matrix organization to simplify, automate, or enhance IT service offerings  • Coordinate the definition, documentation, implementation and refinement of all policies, processes, industry best practices and tools associated with operational support and project management for consistency and increased productivity. (including Service, Incident, Problem, Asset, and Change Management)  • Implemented change management discipline leveraging ITIL standards to define controls, improve system stability, reduce business impact, and increase customer satisfaction and regulatory requirements  • Implemented project management office for IT focus on project prioritization, resource allocation, and standardized project management processes  • Coordinate with IT development, infrastructure support, and project management teams to define standardized SDLC and support transition plan requirements resulting in improved communication between teams  • Implemented innovative staffing and scheduling models for guaranteed support at the lowest possible costs.  • Participate in incident management on-call rotation facilitating resolutions of global high-availability production system outages leveraging ITIL framework  • Facilitate root cause/problem management sessions responsible for identifying corrective actions to ensure high service availability  • Implemented HP Service Center Ticket Management Suite and ITSM principals to consolidate tool sets, centralize data, and improve workflow across 4 lines of business worldwide  • Identify, document, and measure Shared IT Support Operations "Standard Operating Procedures" and business interactions while providing actionable improvement plans to increase IT Support value and Customer Service to business clients  • Implemented Service Level Metrics; measuring operational performance and improving Incident and Request turnaround without additional headcount  • Develop long-term IT strategies and establish the necessary short and intermediate-term goals to achieve them Helpdesk Lead Marathon Ashland Petroleum May 2000 to 2002 Responsible for daily operation of 24/7/ 365 IT Helpdesk supporting 3 lines of business with over 30,000 employees in over 100 locations. Directed 26 Helpdesk Analysts processing over 15,000 interactions a month while meeting or exceeding performance objectives. Analyzed statistical data and identified trends relating to service level compliance and operational effectiveness for support teams across the enterprise. Ensured contractual Service Support requirements were understood and managed.  • Designed and oversaw the consolidations of 3 Global Support Service Desks into a Centralized Support Center standardizing support tools, technology, operating process, and service offerings while reducing cost and headcount.  • Coordinate the definition, documentation, implementation and refinement of all policies, processes, best practices, and tools associated with Operational Support for consistency and increased productivity.  o Increased first call resolution percentage from 60% to 80%+.  o Decreased Average Speed to Answer (ASA) from 48 to 22 seconds  o Decreased calls going to Voice Mail from 18% to less than 5%.  o Decreased voice mail call back from 13 min. to less than 2.5 min.  • Reviewed technology requirements from each line of business and implemented a "Best of Breed" environment to consolidate and optimize support.  • Managed a team to consistently accomplish performance metrics including customer SLA's, resolution rates, utilization & customer satisfaction performance, while actively seeking ways to maximize performance.  • Facilitated weekly team meetings providing an effective conduit between employees & management.  • Researched and identified problems and utilized creative and analytical problem-solving techniques to resolve issues.  • Received two "Achievement of Company Excellence" awards for my performance. Senior Analyst Marathon Ashland Petroleum May 1998 to May 2000 Responsible for providing technical assistance and customer service for over 30,000 internal employees within the Utility industry.  • Researched and identified problems and utilized creative and analytical problem-solving techniques to resolve issues.  • Provided technical support to 1st level analyst to solve computer-related problems  • Serviced applications targeting MS Windows 95/NT 4.0/2000 platform.  • Responsible for training employees in information systems operations.  • Consistently accomplish performance metrics including customer SLA's, resolution rates, utilization & customer satisfaction performance, actively seeking ways to maximize performance.  • Communicated with team on a regular basis, coordinating weekly meetings and providing an effective conduit between employees & management.  • Managed metrics and trend analysis.  • Responsible for training employees in information systems operations.  • Maintained and supported company email system. Education Management Information Systems DeVry University Additional Information Key Words: ITIL, Incident, Problem, Change, Configuration, Project Management, Service Level Management, Process Improvement, Employee Management, Regulatory (FAA, PSC, FCR), Identity & Access Management, Zero-Based Budgeting, 10 year business planning.