IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Plantation, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Power Financial Credit Union - Pembroke Pines, FL April 2015 to April 2016 ? Develop project plans specifying goals, strategy, and staffing, scheduling, budget, identification   of risk, contingency plan, and delegate tasks to the appropriate resource   ? Formulate technical scope, objective of project while identifying potential issues and conflicts   ? Oversee the project plans for multiple departments within my company to ensure efficiency and   timely implementation and its execution   ? Effectively communicate project expectations and convey progress of the project to the team, the   Steering Committee and the stakeholders in a clear and timely manner   ? Direct and coordinate activities of project progress to all of the project team as well as to all   senior and executive management   ? Develop a system to capture and track cost during the process of the projects to ensure we stay on   task and on budget   ? Create procedures for test cases and document the results accurately and present reports to Vice   President of the Information Technology department for feedback ? Collaborate with marketing department in creating new and improved marketing plans and   campaigns for current fiscal year for our new web launches   ? Work diligently with Senior Management on new projects to help grow the business Lead Project Analysts American Express - Plantation, FL June 2011 to April 2015 Analyze reports to determine the best options to help reduce cost and provide the best option for   process improvement for the Customer Engagement Network Sales Department   ? Lead my team in business walkthrough’s with compliance, IT department, and other leading   business partner’s to present progress of projects   ? Track my team’s performance, create report for senior leaders to follow company trends, setbacks   and progress on projects timelines and implementation   ? Worked with multi-functional teams to meet business and project needs   ? Established streamlined systems, technologies and processes to maximize efficiency and   productivity   ? Work with the Marketing Department on the new designs for potential leads, online creatives for   marketing and its implementation of the redesign of the entire site   07/2012 – 07/2013, American Express, Plantation, FL   Analyst-Business System – System Assurance   ? Plan, prepare, organize, coordinate, and perform User Acceptance Testing activities for new   and/or changed functionality within projects scope   ? Present input to Requirement Risk Analysis assessment in order to determine the end-to-end user   functionality must be tested with User Acceptance Testing (UAT)   ? Leading a team of 12 through User Acceptance Testing (UAT) from building phases all the way   through the implementation phases, and the installation of the projects   ? Perform test validation for end-to-end user functionality based on defined business requirements,   compliance regulations and legal criteria’s   ? Perform marketing research, gather data, analyze issues, identify root causes, and surface trending   issues Education Masters in IT and Project Management American Intercontinental University - Schaumburg, IL 2012 to 2013 Bachelor's in Business Administration Nova Southeastern University - Davie, FL 2010 to 2012 Skills MySQL (4 years), Microsoft Office/ Project/Visio (5 years), Analytics (6 years), Project Management (5 years), Process Improvement (4 years), Problem Resolution (6 years), Coaching (4 years), Communications (6 years), Negotiation (6 years), Vendor Management (5 years), Visio (4 years), Implementation (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Certified April 2012 to Present Additional Information Currently Pusuing my PMP certification.