Identity and Access Project Manager Identity and Access <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Identity and Access Project Manager - Wells Fargo & Co My experience consists of 10 years of experience involving End User computing installation, maintaining and troubleshooting Local Area Networks, Wide Area Networks and data communications equipment. Engineering VDI and VM builds for Architect and developer machines in the cloud. I have 10+ years' experience managing software development projects; experience in Master Data Management and/or Identity Access Management Solutions preferred  Experience in developing data conversions, interfaces, complex reports/extracts, and workflow  Desire to play a significant hands-on role in the development and implementation of experience in Master Data Management and Identity Access Management Solutions with the proven comprehension of web application technology and ability to speak and understand in technical terms I also have an extensive knowledge of ITIL principles and banking network infrastructures as well as voice, wiring, and desktop knowledge. Providing software solutions, Software as a service, software migrations, Software Automation and SDLC experience with various products using Scrum development practices. Work Experience Identity and Access Project Manager Wells Fargo & Co May 2017 to Present QA Software Automation    • Responsible for leading project teams and managing activities associated with high-visibility projects that are long-term, company-wide (crossing multiple organizational entities) and significant in risk, scope and complexity.  • Responsible for beginning-to-end Information Technology project management, demonstrating ownership of the entire process from beginning to end. Scrum and Six Sigma methodologies used on every project to ensure a timely and accurate completion  • Update SharePoint daily with any project changes or completion Dates sharing the project status with Team members.  • Implementing SSO five key service offerings request and approval, provisioning, certification, role management, reporting and reconciliation prior to onboarding assets  • JIRA and Confluence Administrator  • Provisioning Analyst Utilizing IAM for onboarding onshore and offshore resources  • Excellent communication and customer service skills. Able to communicate ideas for improving processes with a positive attitude. resolve complex technical issues related to technology and the line of business involved  • Implementing Wells Fargo Software packaging processes to secure new assets such as applications upgrades and improvement.  • To insure all products meet company security standards for onshore and offshore employees.  • Complete validation coverage activities to assess the adequacy of corrective actions that address the risk and control issues identified by regulators, WFAS, or compliance testing examinations.  • Development Engineering of Virtual machines and VDI's (virtual desktop images) to accommodate the needs of each QA resource needing to develop test scripts in a banking environment.  • Engineering Architect and Developer built machines images for automation.  • Review of dump files, composition and total development of new VDI machines for a more permanent solution for company developers and software architects onshore and offshore.  • Establish approach for resolving discrepancies to ensure requirements are met. Implement solutions as necessary, to ensure that problems are resolved.  • Perform audits according to the asset management and configuration management plans.  • Implement baselines that are established and approved by the appropriate control board.  • Coordinate audit requests to ensure data compliance.  • Gather and understand relevant evidence; test controls; document test results, track status of activities; follow-up with control owners/subject matter experts.  • Managed complex project management plans, budgets and schedules  • Bringing issues to resolution with basic analytical skills to devise conclusions with supporting information, escalating as necessary to meet project demands.  • Using Company developed freeware to locate and publish the required information on every app, tool and licensed software for use in a testing environment.  • Used Agile Project Management Methodologies to keep up with project progress, ordering of software distribution, license procurement for ALM, Selenium, Ranorex, HP UFT and Reflections.  • Participate in any Business Support Risk Management (BPRM) projects by leading or attending any meetings with ISO team members  • Conduct assessments of third/fourth party vendors access to secured servers, Following company Security Compliance Guidelines to insure no secured information is at risk.  • Documenting assessment results and writing assessment reports for key stakeholders in conjunction with the Wells Fargo Information Security Risk Assessment Program, EIT Transitions governance and Enterprise global services.  • Submitting application and Tools governance information for compliance approval with ESQA. License procurement for each software or tool request  • With bringing issues to resolution, and engaging key players as necessary to meet timelines, complete tasks and successfully create the backlog or end result.  • Schedule trainings with software vendors for new software features  • Providing Entitlements to Systems, Databases, Storage cabinets, Servers etc.  • Supporting all Software development solutions requests, scheduling the distribution of licensed software to approved machines for wholesale technologies and all EIT approved machines.  • Plan and coordinate software distribution for new hires, transfers and returning onshore and offshore resources following Enterprise Quality Engineering onboarding practices. LDAP  • Created and implemented complex communication plans, organizing sprints, keeping a constant focus on objectives and timelines before a sprint review can be completed.  • Created and delivered Spreadsheets on project goals and plans, including tracking progress and quality of work; delivering reports to key Stakeholders on a regular basis.  • Created Risk Mitigation plans, identifies issues, ordering equipment ,Utilizing Enterprise Change management schedule to arrange each project within company calendar guidelines  • Onboarding of new resources, completion of BGV, Assignment of new equipment, putting in a request for security clearance, System access requests,  • Experience with a workflow trouble ticket system submitting ART requests, Wanda Service requests and BOTS request for Licensed software purchases and downloads.  • Project Management experience within Wells Fargo Technology Operations Group. Experience with EIT/TOG Retail Lending processes and applications  • Demonstrated experience involving the deployment of voice, desktop, server, and/or network products and services.  • Developed full scale project plans software upgrades, new deployment software pushes, Testing development sprints and deliverables.  • Assembled and coordinated project vendor staff using a AUP method to organize and complete the project assigned  • Escalation contact person for application support and troubleshooting of issues and/or production, application or system problems for various domains within each LOB.  • Extensive knowledge of network infrastructure as well as voice, wiring, and desktop knowledge  • Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze databases within an application area, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. IT Project Coordinator (Lead) BLM Technologies - Plymouth, MN August 2016 to March 2017 • Responsible for leading project teams and managing activities associated with high-visibility projects that are long-term, company-wide (crossing multiple organizational entities) and significant in risk, scope and complexity.  • Responsible for end-to-end project management, demonstrating ownership of the entire process from beginning to end. Scrum and Six Sigma methodologies used on every project to ensure a timely and accurate completion  • SharePoint Administrator and also assisting with any project changes or completion Dates sharing the project status with Team members and improving processes with a positive attitude.  • Participation in the contract bidding process evaluation and placement of vendors who have met the requirements.  • Understand and support the organizations mission, vision, strategy, culture, goals and objectives  • Coordinates resolution with users, vendors and internal service groups.  • Ensure that all staff members provide the highest level of service to all contract customers.  • Effectively working closely with engineers and senior business leaders as the situation warrants on complex server side and mobile technology problems  • Translated high level business requirements into functional specifications for the business unit.  • Develop, negotiate and award related contracts to general contractors and other external vendors.  • Created and implemented complex communication plans, organizing sprints, keeping a constant focus on objectives and timelines before a sprint review can be completed  • Created and delivered presentations on project goals and plans, including tracking progress and quality of work; delivering reports to key Stakeholders on a regular basis.  • Created Risk Mitigation plans, identifies issues, ordering equipment , Utilizing Enterprise Change management schedule to arrange each project within company calendar guidelines Technology Project Coordinator Wells Fargo & Co - Charlotte, NC January 2015 to June 2016 3    • Responsible for leading project teams and managing activities associated with high-visibility projects that are long-term, company-wide (crossing multiple organizational entities) and significant in risk, scope and complexity.  • Responsible for end-to-end project management, demonstrating ownership of the entire process from beginning to end. Scrum and Six Sigma methodologies used on every project to ensure a timely and accurate completion  • Update SharePoint daily with any project changes or completion Dates sharing the project status with Team members. Communicate ideas for improving processes with a positive attitude.  • Participation in the contract bidding process evaluation and placement of vendors who have met the requirements.  • Administrator for contracted vendors scheduling access and onsite meetings  • Experience using Microsoft Excel 2010 creating graphs charts and Macros to complete project data sheets for complex Computer Equipment moves, using VH-range lookup to coordinate data into an easier format.  • Used Agile PM Methodologies using a burndown chart to keep up with progress and also participate in control walkthroughs to evaluate the workspace to give an accurate assessment.  • Analytical skills, bringing issues to resolution, and engaging key players as necessary to meet timelines, complete tasks and successfully create the backlog or end result.  • Identified and resolved issues and conflicts within the project team; EUC Technology team Project coordinator for desktops, phones, servers and routers.  • Translated high level business requirements into functional specifications for the business unit.  • Develop, negotiate and award related contracts to general contractors and other external vendors.  • Created and implemented complex communication plans, organizing sprints, keeping a constant focus on objectives and timelines before a sprint review can be completed  • Created and delivered presentations on project goals and plans, including tracking progress and quality of work; delivering reports to key Stakeholders on a regular basis.  • Created Risk Mitigation plans, identifies issues, ordering equipment , Utilizing Enterprise Change management schedule to arrange each project within company calendar guidelines  • Experience with a workflow trouble ticket system certification in remedy Pac 2000 including experience with change requests and work requests  • Project Management experience within Wells Fargo Technology Operations Group. (TOG) Experience with EIT/TOG Retail Lending processes and applications  • Demonstrated experience involving the deployment of voice, desktop, server, and/or network products and services. Complete knowledge of infrastructure and company Security compliance practices  • Developed full scale project plans, detail oriented, and proven ability to engage with a small core team to move work forward  • Assembled and coordinated project vendor staff using a AUP method to complete the project assigned  • Extensive knowledge of network infrastructure as well as voice, wiring, and desktop knowledge. DBD Engineer Hewlett Packard/Bank of America - Charlotte, NC June 2014 to January 2015 • Use questioning and listening skills that support effective telephone communication.  • Project Support with System migration, Technical support with various Vendors, VB Scripting, Ping, and ISP Blade server support. Creating Macros to assist in arranging Excel spreadsheets given to onsite technicians for completion of Server and printer upgrades.  • Create and distribute trouble tickets using Pac 2000  • Schedule software push to various End user computers and HP printer support  • Maximize on network security within the banks system to ensure a complete and secure delivery of all documents sent throughout the printer systems/ servers  • Microsoft Project used to schedule Contractors time and equipment used on the project. Closing project through Quick base and sending document through Microsoft Outlook and SharePoint Communications,  • Step by step phone support to printer Technicians for the implementation of setting up company printers and various computer equipment.  • Worked in a fast pace environment working with Merrill Lynch associates as well as corporate BofA clients.  • Worked on printer upgrades, trouble tickets, password resets using Remedy for various multi-channel ticketing  • Utilized ITIL principles to make all change requests in BMC remedy, utilizing the ITSM software format to send out all change request in a timely manner. Education M.S. in Software Systems/Information Technology Education University of Sheffield May 2018 BS in Information Security Columbia Southern University - Orange Beach, AL January 2014 Certificate in Network Security Clover Park Technical College - Lakewood, WA June 2004 Skills JIRA administration (1 year), Confluence adminstration (1 year), Perfecto Mobile administration (2 years), Identity Access Management (5 years), Microsoft Project (5 years), Scrum (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Advanced Scrum Sprint execution December 2018 to Present Agile Software development June 2018 to Present CISSP asset security June 2018 to Present Cissp IAM December 2018 to Present IAM Enterprise December 2018 to Present DMS document management June 2018 to Present ITIL v3 February 2015 to Present SDLC and ALM August 2017 to Present Sharepoint Administration January 2015 to Present Six Sigma PM April 2016 to Present Technology Change Management January 2015 to Present