Project Manager II <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II Project Manager II - Jabil San Jose, CA Work Experience Project Manager II Jabil - San Jose, CA November 2018 to Present Expedite resolutions of sustaining escalations such as production line stop, quality, and delivery issues  ? Analyze risk that includes multi-source assessment, cost variance, and supply chain review over product life  ? Lead and manage the development of NPI products through product lifecycle from concept to end-of-life  ? Drive day-to-day activities with internal and external stakeholders to meet project objectives by supporting  continuous engineering changes, identifying production risks, and recognizing appropriate mitigation  ? Improve overall project's success by recognizing manufacturing process, quality, time, and scope constraints Project Coordinator Jabil - San Jose, CA January 2018 to October 2018 Manage customer relationship through new product introduction and transferring business to another site  ? Responsible for overseeing customer accounts and growing sales and revenue of up to $1.8million a month  ? Reduce account receivables aging from 30% to less than 10% of total within 60 days and kept it stable since  ? Assist business unit manager in developing analysis of weekly indicator, TM1, and margin analysis  ? Contribute to the forecast, variance, and P&L by evaluating revenue, costs, and risks for financial discussions Project Coordinator / SharePoint Intern Lam Research - Fremont, CA April 2017 to December 2017 Constructed the project timeline to monitor project progress, milestones, and deadlines on a daily basis  ? Coordinated the design, development, and testing phases of the project across ten different regions  ? Streamlined opportunities to enhance user experience by redesigning the website on SharePoint 2013  ? Directed the development of visuals and user interface design while enforcing organization standards  ? Provided assistance in conducting UAT and user training with internal and external teams IT Support Analyst Intern Bank of the West - San Ramon, CA June 2016 to August 2016 Assisted in the responsibilities of a project manager by writing comprehensive reports per the SDLC cycle  ? Defined and tracked requirements, progress against timeline, milestones, and budget for project success  ? Identified opportunities for improving business processes by building sites and troubleshooting SharePoint  ? Developed SQL queries using complex joins, grouping, aggregation, and nested subqueries Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Management Information Systems San Jose State University September 2017 to September 2019 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/amygchen