IT Project Manager and Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Consultant Yelm, WA I'm a data-driven and results-oriented professional. I have over five years of experience in project management and developing, implementing, and analyzing marketing strategies over many different platforms. I am a forward-thinker with a passion for innovation and reaching goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager and Consultant Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife April 2018 to Present I serve as the agencies IT Project Manager and Consultant where I oversee complex IT projects for the agency. I follow projects through all stages of the project lifestyle and am responsible for consulting, soliciting, and overseeing build and delivery of IT solutions to a variety of Fish and Wildlife Stakeholders, including executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Marketing Specialist Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife July 2015 to April 2018 I served as the agensies marketing specialist where I oversaw all marketing campaigns for the agency. I identified trends in customer sales patterns and stayed current on market trends to meet sales goals for the team. I wrote comprehensive marketing plans for each campaign and was responsible for analyzing and presenting data and ndings to upper level executives, and external stakeholders. I reviewed, edited and proofed all written materials before production. I was responsible for supervising 2 employees. Marketing Coordinator Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife October 2014 to July 2015 I developed and executed extensive data analysis using a variety of different software tools to determine under-served areas of the state regarding fishing and hunting sales. I recommended marketing and outreach campaigns for each under-served area I identified. I created and managed a CRM system to increase efficiencies for internal stakeholders. Education Bachelor of Science in Marketing University of Idaho 2011 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Market Research (5 years), Microsoft Dynamics CRM (5 years), Adobe Illustrator (2 years), Tableau (2 years), Design Thinking (7 years), Creativity (7 years), Scrum (Less than 1 year), Project Management (1 year), Advertising (5 years), Social Media Marketing (2 years)