EPMO Project Manager EPMO <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> EPMO Project Manager - New York University Langone Medical Center Hackensack, NJ Experienced professional with over 4 years of multidisciplinary background experience in the fields of  SDLC, Project management, Information technology, desktop migration, Infrastructure and health care  projects. Recognized as a motivated self-starter with experience in managing multiple projects and teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience EPMO Project Manager New York University Langone Medical Center - New York, NY April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Manage and deliver healthcare and IT based projects in a high stakes hospital environment.  • Managing all project related information like Status Report, Issues and Risks, Assumptions,  Change Management, Milestones and Project Budget using Innotas and MS Project.  • Working with the team and the product owner on defining project scope, scheduling,  budgeting, and resource allocation.  • Integrating with disciplines like Real estate development and facilities, Structured cabling,  Desktop, IT deployment, Networking, Telephony, Audiovisual solutions, Applications and implementations, EPIC and other healthcare related technologies.  • Proactive communication of project status, budget, risks, time lines to EPMO, Ordering the equipment's, generating the PO's, Submitting Change Orders using Primavera Unifier and  tracking the equipment delivery.  • Responsible for tracking key project milestones and adjusting project plans and/or resources  to meet the needs of customers, analyzing the risks, issues and supporting stakeholders in tracking the risks and eliminating them.  • Using Microsoft project and Innotas for managing projects, weekly status updates for the On- Going projects with Scrum team. IT Project Coordinator New York University Langone Medical Center - New York, NY 2017 to 2018 Project: Kimmel Pavilion Hospital, NYU Langone health is a world-class, patient-centered, integrated  academic medical center, known for its excellence in clinical care, research and education. Kimmel    Pavilion offers a seamless patient experience from June 2018.  Responsibilities:  • Manage and deliver IT Infrastructure and Healthcare based projects in a high stakes hospital  environment.  • Solutions and Deploy new technologies to address challenges in patient safety in hospital  settings.  • Attending the meetings with CIO, Senior Directors, Program Managers, Project Managers and taking the meeting meetings.  • Distributing the action items for the meeting and tracking them, preparing Power point  presentations for the meetings.  • Working with different departments in the Kimmel project and tracking the work flow,  scheduling the meetings, maintaining the project documentation, tracking the action items in Excel Spread Sheets.  • Working closely with the Program manager in scheduling the resources and 3-Day in the life  events to check 100 scenarios for each day in the life event to ensure a smooth run of the hospital after Go-Live in 2018. CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER NYU Winthrop hospital - New York, NY 2017 to 2018 Project: The scope of the project was to migrate all the existing windows 7 users to windows 10 to ensure the environment is secure. The OS was included with all the required software for the users to  handle all healthcare and technical.  Responsibilities:  • Coordinated Rationalization of 600+ clinical/business/user applications and Compatibility  testing (ACT) for 150+ legacy applications.  • Helped in creating application remediation plan for non-compatible applications.  • Coordinated with application owners/vendors to replace/sunset the non-compatible  applications and to procure Win 10 compatible Application versions.  • Reviewed application/hardware readiness and training requirements to scheduling the user  for deployment.  • Helped plan deployment teams user hardware refresh for laptops and wipe & reload migration  for desktops.  • Coordinated user training and support activities, scheduled migration groups of 5K+ users at NYU Hospitals and their FGPs spread across New York and Long island  • Supported post migration efforts for users Winthrop, One park, GBH and Tisch super block  locations.  • Built SharePoint as repository to update, save documents and spreadsheets to ensure and maintain clear and concise system documentation.  • Review analyze and evaluate detailed business and functional requirements, documentation,  process flows and data models to contribute to the development of project Plans including  project charter, project deliverable, cost/benefits analysis, timeline estimates, scope and Control. Scrum Master/ Project Coordinator Blue frog Mobile Technologies Pvt. ltd - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh 2011 to 2013 Extensive experience in all phases of Software development life cycle (SDLC) namely Analysis,  Designing, High-level design, Low level design, Development, Performance, Testing and Maintenance of the Mobile Technology Projects.  • Gathered requirements, coordinated with the business owners, developers, testing team and  end users, Organized and facilitated sprint planning, daily stand-up meetings, reviews,  retrospectives, release planning, demos and other scrum-related meetings.  • Tracked and effectively communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress to all  affected teams and management, removed team impediments on a daily basis to allow the team to deliver the sprint goals and deliverables.  • Improved team velocity by incorporating capacity planning into sprint planning sessions.  • Used JIRA tool for Scrum & Kanban, creating burn down, burn up and other artifacts as needed.  • Performed daily reviews and updated the status documentation on a regular basis.  • Developed project strategies and created project schedules and maintained project records,  ensured policies and procedures were being applied in the projects to meet the company's  objectives.    CERTIFIED SCRUM MASTER Education MSc. in Project Management Northeastern University - Boston, MA Skills healthcare (2 years), Jira (3 years), Sdlc (3 years), Software development (3 years), Structured software (3 years)