Technical Lead for Vulnerability Management Program Technical Lead for Vulnerability Management Program Technical Lead for Vulnerability Management Program - Ocwen Financial Plano, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Lead for Vulnerability Management Program Ocwen Financial - Addison, TX 2017 to Present Improve Process and Implementation of the Vulnerability Management Program, standup Virtual Security Operations Center, and lead in the setup of Security Hardening Standards for all OS platforms. Also, implemented various Cisco Umbrella/OpenDNS and AMP for Endpoints within infrastructure environment.  Vulnerability Management Program -  ? Implemented, Managed, and Improved the Vulnerability Management Program within 6 months of becoming acting Vulnerability Manager. Reduced 80% of all vulnerabilities, post like for like datacenter migration, in 6 months. Business as Usual Process were established and refined according to CIO/CISO/Board of Trustee Vulnerability Metrics.  ? Administrator of the Vulnerability Tool, Rapid7 - Nexpose & InsightVM. Create and present Vulnerability Reports to Executive Leadership.  ? Managed Penetration Testing with Vendor (McAfee) and secured an A for grade for company.  Security Operations Projects / Tasks -  ? OS Hardening Standards - Implement CIS-CAT standard scanning throughout enterprise spanning Windows, Linux, and Network Devices. Created High-Level Plans for Security Hardening with Windows, Linux, and Network Teams.  ? Virtual Security Operation Center Implementation - Implement replacement Virtual Security Operations Center (AlertLogic). Create Process for Incident and Threat escalation with Security Operations Team.  ? Server/Application Security Implementation Process - Created the vulnerability prevention process in coordination with the System Development Life Cycle, and alongside the Service Delivery, Infrastructure, and Security Operations Teams.  ? Implementation of Cisco Umbrella / Cisco AMP for Endpoints - Created schedule and implementation process. Deployed platforms, with help from Security Architect, on servers, databases, and all end points.  ? Financial Proposals / Policy & Procedure Documents - Created all financial PowerPoint presentations and helped create policy and procedural documentation for various sectors within Information Security Operations. IT Project Manager GuideIT - Plano, TX 2014 to 2017 Work with and direct the activities for a large financial services customer's IT Infrastructure Team throughout the lifecycle of their Separation of IT Services Project.  Datacenter Buildout & Application Discovery/Planning -  ? Managed 5 IT Towers while building the net new Datacenter. Guided and supported Tower Architects to produce plans and documentation that ultimately formed the foundation of the company's new IT Infrastructure.  ? Developed coherent Application Migration strategy by consolidating the requirements and constraints of over 150 applications, 500+ servers and databases, resource availability, and timeline constraints. Integrated technical details from the business unit, technical teams, 3rd party vendors, IT management, clients, and subject matter experts to create technical migration strategies and timelines for each application.  Application/Fileshare Migration -  ? Directly led Data Center Migration Team Activities to migrate 4 Move Packages (54 total apps) on time.  ? Consolidated Technical Documentation at Project conclusion. IT Team to use as baseline reference in future.  ? Recognized by customer as a "very well rounded technical Project Manager" at conclusion of migration.    IT Project Coordinator  Worked directly with the Datacenter Migration Project Manager and Application Migration Project Manager to help organize and facilitate the successful approach to the Datacenter & Application Migration Strategy.  Datacenter Buildout & Application Discovery/Planning -  ? Developed Application Baseline (900+ applications) for all applications in customer's environment. IT Team to use as baseline reference in future.  ? Developed coherent Application Migration strategy for every application pre/post application migration.  ? Developed Server/Database Application Baseline (1500+ servers/databases). IT Team to use as baseline reference in future.  ? Facilitated infrastructure buildout meetings in absence of Datacenter Project Manager.  ? Updated and maintained Datacenter Migration Infrastructure Schedule.  Business Analyst  ? Developed business model for customers with Subject Matter Experts and Executive Leadership.  ? Developed Information Technology Expense Management (ITEM) Deal Planner. On the ground floor of one of the main services offered by GuideIT. Learned to initiate and maintain Project Timelines with customers for ITEM practice.  ? SalesForce Administrator for GuideIT. Responsible for system administration, reporting, and training duties for all Salesforce users.  ? Assisted with End User Support of customer from Exchange to Office365. Education Bachelor of Science Lubbock Christian University 2014 Additional Information • Business Analysis  • Clear Communication Skills  • IT Project Coordination  • Datacenter Migration  • Vulnerability Management  • Process Orientation    • IT Project Management  • Vendor & Partner Management  • Process Improvement/Implementation  • Leadership Engagement  • Process Improvement  • Security Operations