Business Systems Analyst Business Systems Analyst Business Systems Analyst - Department of Buildings Township of Warren, NJ • Versatile and result oriented Business Analyst/ Project Manager with 8+ years of experience in business requirement gathering and analysis, business process re-engineering, object-oriented design, data modeling, Integration, ETL as part of data warehouse  • In-depth understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Rational Unified Process (RUP) and Agile methodologies including Scrum and Kanban.  • Extensive experience in diversified industry sectors including Telecommunications, credit cards, Mortgage, Finance, E-commerce and Investment Banking regulations.  • Dexterous in documenting Business Requirements Document (BRD), Use Cases, Feature Requirement Document, Functional Specification, Unified Modeling Language (Use case, Process Flow, Class, Activity and Sequence),QA Methodology including test cases.  • Adept in team management, problem-resolving skills, conflict management skills, people management skills and excellent knowledge of soft skills, writing skills and oral communication.  • Highly experienced in leading and satisfying business needs with different groups within different levels of management in the company.  • Recognized as a hands-on, pro-active troubleshooter, who can rapidly identify business problems, formulate strategic plans, initiate change and assist to implement new process in challenging and diverse environments.  • Experienced in conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) and Rapid Application Development (RAD) sessions to converge early toward a design acceptable to the customer.  • Creative and aggressive self-starter with integrative thinking skills, capable of forming and maintaining positive and productive working relationships.  • Excellent in performing Cost-Benefit Analysis, Gap Analysis, SWOT Analysis to check the compatibility of the existing system infrastructure with new Business Requirements.  • Designed and executed test plans, test scripts, tracking defects and getting them resolved to ensure that business requirements and functional specifications are tested and fulfilled.  • Experience in document sharing applications including (MS SharePoint, Confluence, SDLC tool, JIRA), UML tools (Axure Application, MS Visio), data sharing using (Toad for Oracle, PeopleSoft Finance). Work Experience Business Systems Analyst Department of Buildings - New York, NY August 2018 to Present Worked on DOB NOW initiative as the Department of Buildings self-service online tool that will enable industry users to interact with DOB online. It will be an interactive, web-based portal that will enable industry users to move from the current paper-based system to a highly automated online system which is a long-term breakthrough initiative for Department of Buildings to revamp its entire user experience.  • Utilizing working as a Business Systems Analyst by contributing to the analysis, design, build and implementation of automation solution with understanding of the Business Requirements and workflow process for User Interface utilized by users utilizing the application.  • Analyzing the high-level requirements of the application by reviewing Key Decision Document to assist in the documentation of Business Requirement Document to determine feasibility, time required, computability with the current system and computing capabilities to design application to display goals of the user request.  • The project initiatives utilized the Software Development Lifecycle Approach (SDLC) including Waterfall Methodology to break down the project requirements into manageable segments from start of the project till execution and consulting with user to identify current operating procedures and clarify program objectives.  • Assisting in the analysis by working with Business Stakeholders and IT team by designing application user interface to accomplish goals of user request by understanding of the as-is (Current State) and To-Be (Future State) for the project ask in relation to project plan.  • Assisting in the creation of Data Dictionary by analyzing the form analysis provided by business to translate the business requirements into data requirements accompanying business rules to assist the development team in the program development, logic, coding and corrections.  • Collaborating with the System Testing team in performing testing for the different projects within the DOB NOW initiative by utilizing test strategy documentation to perform functional, user interface and end to end testing.  • Supporting project execution by addressing any bugs/fixes and root cause analysis for System Testing using Defect Tracking tool as TFS by recreating steps taken by user to locate source problem and working with development team to correct errors as part of defect triage.  • Assisting in the smoke testing as part of deployments carried out as part of specific iterations to perform testing on the development of components carried out by development team to address the designing, implementation of the application customized to meet business requirements for business signoff.  • Collaborating with the Development and Integration team to understand the field level validations as part of data requirements to identify data sources and assisting in the design of the user interface required for the application development.  • Working on the DOBNOW launch initiative with sub- projects under it wherein the initiative allows members of the public from New York City to interact with Department of Buildings online by providing a highly automated solution by redesigning the current manual process to streamline the process and improve efficiency.  • As part of the requirement gathering process utilizing the creation of process workflows using MS VISIO as the prototyping tool to outline the process steps from the application initiation by Industry User through the DOB NOW Modules via Portal and approvals as carries out in each step through CRM.  • Understanding and analyzing the DOB NOW Module specific requirements to also do validations as needed for email triggers, fee calculations, error message validations, initial, amendment and subsequent scenarios, payment processing before hand-off to the User Acceptance Testing team.  • Working with the Project Management Team before the Go-Live for the sub- projects to ensure testing completion is addressed as part of the pre-release implementation carried out as part of weekend support.  • Collaborating with the Project Team to address any queries as part of post-release implementation for the different projects within the DOB NOW initiative.    Environment: Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook), CRM (Customer Relationship Management), TFS(Team Foundation Server), MS VISIO, DOB Portal IT Project Manager & Business Systems Analyst Verizon Wireless - Township of Warren, NJ June 2016 to July 2018 Verizon Wireless is a leading telecommunication service provider. As part of my tenure at Verizon I worked on Agile and Waterfall projects where the applications I worked on included customer service applications including ACSS (Automated Customer Service System) when customers call in the rep for questions pertaining to their device; One Message (alerts sent to customer through Email and SMS) and POS (Point of sale application used when interacting with customers) with channels including B2B, Retail, Telesales, CARE and Indirect from an e-commerce standpoint.  Key Business Transformation projects I was leading:  B2B Simplified Ordering- As part of this initiative worked on POS application specifically for the B2B channel. The project looked into revamping the B2B experience for the B2B sales rep which looked into improving the process from a front-end (UI) standpoint ranging from the customer order initiation till the order completion as well backend process to reduce build times through Bulk API; improve code quality (microservice implementation) and improving resilience (Test driven development) for business process automation.  EZ Tracker: Omni B2B users will have the ability for access to a new tool that will consolidate and show reps available business promotions across markets as well as nationally. The new tool known as EZ Tracker is now integrated into Point of Sale by providing users a confirmation ID of eligible offers that can be automatically applied to an order and tracked against market offer allocations. By addressing the work undertaken as project manager this implementation initiative addressed projected savings of $12 million for business for the next three years.    Paper-Free project: This project delivery had One Message dependency and due to the work aligned so far the customer base is now 60% paper-free billing. I worked on understanding the eCRM dependency by analyzing the copy docs for email, SMS and PUSH notification, understand any upstream application impacts by validating the xml or the HTTP response and facilitating till the delivery by working with One Message Creative, DEV and ST and other app teams impacted for the initiative for E-commerce scenarios. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Chatham University - Pittsburgh, PA 2012