IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager New York, NY Masters Certified in Project Management (MCPM) with 2+ years of PM experience and 7+ years total experience in IT analysis and customer service, well-positioned to identify and analyze areas for improvement, implement changes, and support operations. A skilled communicator and innovator with a desire to understand people and guide them to success. Work Experience IT Project Manager UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN SYSTEM - Madison, WI 2013 to Present • Manage IT projects for University of Wisconsin System Administration HR Service Center and its PeopleSoft ERP system, which serves 64,000 staff across all UW schools. Daily tasks include creating project documentation ( e.g., project charter, project plan, WBS, status report, critical path and risk analysis, and resource management) as well as requirements gathering, stakeholder liaising, scheduling, and reporting.  • Guided end of calendar year (2013) closeout process, which included the accurate and timely reporting of payroll and tax information, generation of tax forms in the finance and payroll modules, and adherence to tax law.  • Led ERP system improvement project to develop a new mechanism to automate HR processes (e.g., rate increases for all 64k UW employees) and ensured the new process was scalable such that future projects could leverage the framework to other Peoplesoft modules.  • Coordinate migration of the UW Service Center client resolution support (2,000+ tickets/month) onto new vendor's CRM platform.  • Created and implemented a process efficiency policy project that streamlined pay deductions as well as inactivating payroll deductions that were deemed no longer valuable.  • Developed various project management templates (e.g., project charter and project schedule) as an early member of the UW Service Center PMO based on prior experiences and best practices. Sr. Endpoint Management Technician UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN - MADISON - Madison, WI 2011 to 2013 • Led a project to address a complex Windows deployment issue that was deployed throughout a large campus.  division of 800 staff and was further scalable.  • Led rollout of an anti-virus and firewall client, in addition to joining and configuring workstations onto the campus Active Directory service.  • Project coordinator for Office 365 service delivery team with a customer base of roughly 50,000 users.  • Led workstation manangement, configuration, troubleshooting, and support for launch of largest Wisconsin State Government IT project (Human Resource System - HRS).  • Envisioned and architected improvement strategy for the Shared Financial System that improved workstation security for all IT staff as well as greatly increased performance for task processing within the system.  • Gathered business requirements and acted as customer liaison for the VMWare Server Virtualization Team.  • Ongoing management of computing environments for 1,000+ power users.  • Lead author and editor of technical design, configuration, and user troubleshooting documentation. Endpoint Management Technician UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN - MADISON - Madison, WI 2009 to 2011 • Led a project to address a complex Windows deployment issue that was deployed throughout a large campus.  division of 800 staff and was further scalable.  • Led rollout of an anti-virus and firewall client, in addition to joining and configuring workstations onto the campus Active Directory service.  • Project coordinator for Office 365 service delivery team with a customer base of roughly 50,000 users.  • Led workstation manangement, configuration, troubleshooting, and support for launch of largest Wisconsin State Government IT project (Human Resource System - HRS).  • Envisioned and architected improvement strategy for the Shared Financial System that improved workstation security for all IT staff as well as greatly increased performance for task processing within the system.  • Gathered business requirements and acted as customer liaison for the VMWare Server Virtualization Team.  • Ongoing management of computing environments for 1,000+ power users.  • Lead author and editor of technical design, configuration, and user troubleshooting documentation. Education Masters in Project Management University of Wisconsin - Madison, WI April 2013 Bachelor of Science in Economics University of Wisconsin - Madison, WI May 2009 Skills Project Management, Business Analysis, Customer Service, Relationship Management, Account Management, Process Improvement, Communications, Resource Guidance, IT Fluency and Familiarity Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ajhamill