IT Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Administrator GIS analyst with Master's and experience Port Charlotte, FL To seek gainful employment filling a position that will allow me to implement and further advance industry standard methodologies,  as well as allow me to utilize and further develop my analytic and management skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Administrator Florida State University August 2014 to Present IT support for 150 professors, graduate students, and multiple full GIS computer labs    Provided IT support for over 150 professors and graduate students as well as managed multiple full service GIS computer  labs for FSU's College of Social Science and Public Policy which consists of the Geography department as well as the Urban and Regional Planning department. Dealt mainly with licensing, troubleshooting, correcting database management mistakes, and software updates/installs as well as hardware difficulties such as rebuilding/rebooting/ and cleaning computers, installing  new desktops, and assigning laptops. This position also required me to manage all of these responsibilities on multiple  networks and domains across a handful of different servers. Project Manager Florida State University January 2014 to January 2015 Lidar analysis and 3D modeling for solar feasibility    Managed and directed a team of 10 for a Lidar analysis and 3D spatial modeling contract through FSU. Tasks included  keeping project within budget, on-time for presentation, coordinating with Leon County GIS for Lidar data points as well as  FSU's management department for spatial data regarding not just building polygons but x-y data for every tree and statue on the entire campus; Managing and combining all datasets into one geodatabase that was cloud capable with multiple users.  Using ArcGIS to analyze Lidar data for specific locations that matched necessary requirements on FSU's campus to receive the proper amount of solar energy; Transferring this information into, and modeling all of FSU's campus in ESRI's  CityEngine, with the specific buildings modeled to appear what they could potentially look like if retro-fitted with solar  panels. All research was performed and gathered into a presentation given to the President of FSU as well as several Deans and FSU's planning and building management services. Plans are now in order on FSU's campus to retro-fit one of the parking garage rooftops with a canopy of solar panels (one of the suggestions made in the presentations). College Instructor FSU's Geography Department June 2013 to May 2014 Instructed 2, freshman/sophomore level Geography courses    Instructed two, 2000 level introductory GeoScience courses. "Physical Geography", which was an elemental look at Earth's  ecosystems and processes and was a class of 40 college freshmen/sophomores; and "Environmental Issues", which was an anthropogenic based approach to studying and understanding environmental and climate change problems attributed to  human impact and was a class of 88 college freshmen/sophomores. GIS Intern Tallahassee-Leon County GIS January 2013 to August 2013 General digitizing, modeling, and analysis for storm water run-off    Worked in a group of around 10 other interns, digitizing paper maps, transferring that data into a geodatabase combined with topographic maps for elevation, modeling the city of Tallahassee and running spatial analysis for current storm water run-off as well as proposing future construction ideas. Education Master's in Geophysical Information Science Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2013 to 2015 Bachelor's in Geography Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2011 to 2012 Associates in Geography Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2008 to 2010 Skills Fully experienced and proficient in all current ESRI products including most recent introduction of 3D modeler CityEngine. I am highly knowledgeable and skilled in data analysis and statistics using R, SPSS, Excel, and SASS. Fluent in programming languages Python and C++. I have been trained in not only ArcGIS but other spatial modeling and analysis programs such as, but not limited to, IDRISI and TransCAD. I have the ability to perform spatial analysis and I am well versed in various geographic visualization methods and techniques. Well practiced in Remote Sensing applications regarding Lidar data as well as airborne and space-borne hyperspectral imaging analysis in both ENVI and Erdas IMAGINE. Experienced in Remote Sensing techniques regarding Orthophotos and Photogrammetry. Knowledgeable in geo-database management through ESRI’s geodatabases, Oracle, and SQL. Excellent communication and organizational skills in high-pressure environment. Results driven self-starter and dedicated to efficient quality workmanship. I have experience and thrive in a project management position while also being dynamic with a team-oriented work ethic.