IT Helpdesk Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Helpdesk Analyst Network Security Engineer Atlanta, GA Work Experience IT Helpdesk Analyst HEALTHPORT - Alpharetta, GA June 2011 to Present Handled technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries. Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets.  Selected Contributions:  ? Researched and developed knowledge-base articles for Lotus Notes issues, resulting in an increase in first-call-resolutions of 20 additional calls per week that saved company $57K annually.  ? Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores, consistently scoring between 95%-100% on all calls (outperforming average of 90%).  ? Handled 40+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards. Project Coordinator EPAYWARE - Alpharetta, GA April 2010 to December 2010 Provided Point of sale software solutions for financial Institutions and payment processors such as Global Payments, First Data, and EVO. Oversaw the development of multiple software programs, and deployments for dozens of clients at once. Coordinated development, quality assurance and deployment between all members of the team. Project Manager SMART BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY - Roswell, GA January 2009 to August 2009 Guided and directed up to 10 software development  projects simultaneously while ensuring that all deadlines, and deliverables are met 95% of the time. Defined project scope, ensured time-lines, prepared documentation, accessed project risks and  informed management of any issues affecting planned deliveries. Conducted progress reviews with clients and team personnel, facilitating all necessary contingency and problem resolution plans. Education Bachelors Of Industrial Design Auburn University - Auburn, AL Skills Diverse knowledge of LANs/WANs, IP networking and Internet technology with hands on experience in installation, configuration, troubleshooting, and administration of network security technologies. Provides efficient security monitoring through investigation, communication and reporting Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security + Additional Information Certifications: CompTIA Security+(December 2012), SCP Certified support professional  Systems: UNIX, Windows, Mac OS  Databases: Oracle, Microsoft SQL server  Languages: Visual Basic, SQL, HTML, C++, Java, Linux  Software: MS Project, MS Visio, MS Office, Lotus Notes, Adobe (Photoshop, Illustrator), AutoCAD