Malaria Program Associate Malaria Program Associate New Haven, CT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Malaria Program Associate Clinton Health Access Initiative - Vientiane October 2011 to May 2015 Provided effective day-to-day support to the Center of Malariology, Parasitology, and Entomology (CMPE) of the Ministry of Health (MOH) to optimize current strategies and develop and execute new strategies to eliminate malaria Project Manager/ Implementation Services Epic Systems Corp - Madison, WI November 2011 to July 2012 • Worked side-by-side with IT and clinical staff to build and install Epic software covering the workflows of a 500+ bed hospital and academic medical center.  • Supported the build for medication and IV records, order sets, preference lists, BPAs, medication labels, message pools, ADS mapping, and many more vital functions in pharmacy.  • Application Coordinator for:  ? UCLA Health System  • Certified in:  ? Project Management Camp  ? EpicCare Inpatient  Emergency Medical Technician - New Haven, CT May 2016 - Aug 2016  Licensing in Progress  • Trained to respond to emergency situations in pre-hospital settings in which the EMT is responsible for administering potentially life-saving medical care.  • CPR Certified IT staff Epic Systems Corp - Madison, WI August 2010 to November 2011 Madison, WI Aug 2010 - Nov 2011  Technical Services  • Trained in troubleshooting Epic system issues and determine best solutions and practices through a variety of tools, resources experts and an in-depth understanding of its code and software.  • Built strong relationships with clients' IT staff with weekly calls and frequent on-site trips.  • Technical support lead for over a dozen go-live sites and triaging urgent issues  • Willow Technical Lead from go-live through maintenance at the following customer sites:  ? UMiami Health System  ? UVA Health System  ? Driscoll Children's Hospital  • Certified in:  ? Services Technical Camp  * MUMPS, VB, SQL, Chronicles  ? Willow-Inpatient  ? Reporting Workbench  ? Clarity Reporting Education Master of Public Health in Global Health George Washington University August 2012 to May 2014 Bachelor of Science in Chemical & Biomedical Engineering Carnegie Mellon University August 2006 to May 2010