Production Operator Production Operator Web Developer Oak Park, MI Work Experience Production Operator Chrysler Group LLC - Sterling Heights, MI June 2014 to January 2015 Performed multiple jobs across teams on the final car line. Identified issues as they arose. Calmly made critical decisions in a small amount of time. Assisted others in performing their jobs when necessary. IT Administrative Assistant UM Dept. of Architecture, Engineering and Construction - Ann Arbor, MI 2013 to 2014 2013-2014    Decided the most optimal way to display the content of the department's various  procedures manuals. Created and maintained multiple series of webpages using raw  HTML and CSS in a way that formatting would be compatible across multiple  technology platforms. Streamlined and managed the display of content in Microsoft  SharePoint 2010 and 2013. President Multi-Ethnic Information Exchange Student Organization - Ann Arbor, MI September 2013 to December 2013 Planned and coordinated student events and mixers throughout the semester. Assigned and coordinated roles for seven people. Mediated the desires of the organization members and the restrictions of the faculty advisor and corporate sponsor. Established relationships and collaborations with other organizations. Project Manager Ann Arbor Learning Community - Ann Arbor, MI September 2012 to December 2012 Worked with Ann Arbor Learning Community to streamline their enrollment process.  Interviewed employees of the AALC in order to collect data about the work environment.  Created flow charts, swim lane models, physical models, cultural models, etc. to pinpoint  breakdowns. Suggested cost-effective solutions that would streamline and automate the enrollment process. Research Assistant VA Ann Arbor Healthcare System - Ann Arbor, MI 2010 to 2011 2010- 2011    Performed cognition tests on war veterans in efforts to obtain information pertaining to post-war behavior. Took classes covering information security, and human subjects  protection and good clinical practices in order to become knowledgeable of scientific  research ethical principles. Scored cognition tests and carefully entered and re-entered  data into a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. Education Master of Science in Information Education University of Michigan - Ann Arbor, MI 2012 to 2013 Bachelor of Arts in Brain, Behavior and Cognitive Science; French and Francophone Studies University of Michigan - Ann Arbor, MI 2009 to 2012 Skills Web Design, Application Development, Python, HTML/CSS, JavaScript/AJAX, MySQL and PHP (MAMP/LAMP/WAMP), Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and Bridge, Microsoft SharePoint 2010 and 2013