HIL Engineer & Junior Project Manager HIL Engineer &amp; Junior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> HIL Engineer & Junior Project Manager Hoffman Estates, IL • Six years of experience in the field of Real-time Embedded Systems.  • Knowledge of automotive, agricultural and constructional vehicles.  • Expertise in Hardware-in-loop (HIL) and Software-in-loop (SIL) testing.  • Experience in dSPACE - setting up HIL Simulators and Hardware configurations.  • Good understanding of C language for 16 and 32 bit microcontroller.  • Proficiency using compilers, Debuggers, Emulators, Simulators, Oscilloscopes.  • Working knowledge of vector test tools like CANalyzer, CANape and CANoe. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience HIL Engineer & Junior Project Manager Case New Holland - Burr Ridge, IL March 2013 to May 2013 Responsible for planning and testing of project for 4WD T4B Tractor software.  • Analyze and review requirements, test structure, methodology and suggest improvements in terms of coverage, test types, options etc.  • Prepare Design Verification Plan and Report (DVPR) to validate the software and delivery report with testing overview.  • Performed DTCs, engine fault codes verification, interlock and functional tests for all the sub-systems in the tractor application.  • Calibrated clutches, electro hydraulic remote levers and hitch thresholds on HIL setup.  • Lead a team of four in developing a project and guided them to meet deadlines by distributing tasks to the team members.  • Establish and adhere to estimates in project work plan for assigned tasks.  • Provide regular updates of assigned task progression to software lead for project planning, tracking and oversight.  • Reviewed projects done by peers before delivering as part of Quality check which led to improvement in the quality of deliverables.  • Handled multiple tasks simultaneously, remained on schedule and met the customer satisfaction. Software Systems Engineer Robert Bosch LLC - Plymouth, MI November 2011 to February 2013 Responsible for the testing and implementation of real-time embedded, microprocessor control systems for automotive passive safety applications.  • Perform System and Requirement testing for Airbag Control Modules.  • Developing CAPL script to check Airbag warning Lamp status under different pre-conditions.  • Generate reports for vehicle EDR (Event Data Recorder) data using Crash Data Retrieval tool.  • Validate vehicle EDR data in the eeprom with the provided CAN input.  • Perform sensor direction test under different crash scenarios to check the orientation of sensors.  • Extract velocity and angular data from eeprom to create EDR plots using Matlab.  • Inject crashes into airbag ECU on bench setup using Idefix and verify impacts.  • Create single event and multi-event crash files using crash simulator (MDS-GUI).  • Handle integration on calibration builds using MKS.  • Decode logical firing of deployed squibs from diagnostic service request response.  • Measure current and voltage across the deployed squibs using NI-USB.  • Link requirements between modules in DOORS as part of Requirement management. IT Engineer CMC Limited - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh July 2007 to July 2010 Clients: Mercedes Benz, Ford, Navistar, GM, Ford, DaimlerChrysler, TRW Automotive  • Performed System and Requirement testing for Braking Modules.  • Analyzed customer requirements and technical specifications.  • Prepared detailed test plans with test cases and developed test scripts to execute.  • Expertise in diagnostic testing for all Diagnostic Service Identifiers (SID), Diagnostic Request services and their functionality on the ECU (Electronic Control Unit).  • Created Diagnostic Trouble Codes (DTCs) with timing thresholds, limit thresholds and converse conditions to observe behavior and improve the performance of ECU.  • Worked with clients, developers, hardware engineers and diligently coordinated in a team of more than 20 professionals.  • Gained expertise on operation and behavior of ABS (Antilock Braking System), TC (Traction Control) and VSC (Vehicle Stability Control) modules.  • Performed various testing's like Diagnostics Verification, Communication IO Module Testing and Failsafe Manual Testing, Open-Loop Scenario Testing, System Timing Analysis, Unit testing and CAN Hardware testing on Vehicle Stability System Module. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications Engineering Andhra University 2007 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Software Tools:  dSPACE-AutomationDesk, dSPACE-ControlDesk, Vehicle-Spy, BenchWizard, Code Composer, CANoe, CANalyzer, CANape, CANflash, CAN Stress, Polyspace3.2, EST    Hardware Tools:  SDATT, Merlin, Datamax, Digital oscilloscopes and Waveform generators and Programmable Power Supplies, Signum JTAGjet-470M3, Minicube QB-V850MINIL, NIUSB-6255    Chrysler Tool Chrysler Diagnostic Application(CDA)  Ford Tools Diagnostic Engineering Tool, Diagnostic script player and DID validation tool  Bosch Tools MiniLabCar, Idefix, Windiag, Dataplotter, MDS-GUI Bosch Airbag Tool, Crash Data Retrieval (CDR) tool  Programming languages: C, C++, CAPL, PERL, Matlab Simulink  Configuration Management and Version Control Tools: Microsoft Visual Source Safe, PVCS, DOORS, SVN Tortoise, MKS Source Integrity, ClearQuest, Bugzilla and Polarion  Hardware: Digital Electronics, Microprocessors (8086), Micro Controllers (8051), 8/16/32 Bit Micro-controllers, CAN Cards, CAN Cables.  Protocols: CAN/J1939, LIN, KWP, UDS, GMLAN  Working Editor: Microsoft Visual C++ Editor  Operating Systems: Windows 98/NT/2000/XP/Vista/Win7  Software package: Microsoft Visual Studio, MS-Office