Teaching Assistant (TA) Teaching Assistant (TA) Software Developer Mooresville, NC Software Developer able to build a sophisticated web applications with full database backend all the way from mockup to rollout. Looking for a full-time development position with an organization looking to foster and grow their employees' talents. A self-motivated, lifelong seeker of knowledge with a deep passion for problem solving and practical implementation of technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Teaching Assistant (TA) Trilogy Education Services - Charlotte, NC April 2019 to Present Act as a member of the instructional staff for UNC Charlotte’s Full Stack Web Development program. Provide one-on-one instruction and support for any and all topics covered by the course curriculum. Guide students towards best practices in coding conventions and logic. Provide peer code review-style feedback on students’ projects and debug. Topics covered include but are not limited to HTML5, CSS and frameworks (Bootstrap, Materialize, etc), JavaScript and JS libraries, Node.js, Express, MySQL (querying and db administration), MongoDB, Git usage and best practices, Agile methodologies, debugging tools and techniques, user authentication and persistence, frontend libraries (React.js), and more. This is a part-time role worked outside of normal business hours. IT Support Specialist Decisive Data - Redmond, WA 2015 to 2017 Implemented and maintained day-to-day IT operations of the office and all current company projects.  Consulted for internal teams and external clients on IT infrastructure and DevOps needs for application development. Assisted Data Analysts and Application Developers with any and all tech issues, including but not limited to their workstation hardware and software, databases, and servers utilized for their work.    Key Accomplishments:  • Improved trouble ticket SLA response time from 1 week to 24 hours, and 2 hours for P1 issues.  • Planned and setup a dev-focused office space and its infrastructure.  • Architected and implemented web and kiosk-based trouble ticket generation system, when company was utilizing e-mails for ticket submissions prior.  • Consulted for and implemented server, database, and DevOps infrastructure for a multi-million dollar project with an internationally renowned company based locally in the Redmond area.  • Received numerous formal internal company awards for service excellence and solution delivery. Cloud Deployment Project Manager Teleperformance USA - Boca Raton, FL 2013 to 2015 Deployment Project Manager and SME for Teleperformance's Cloud Services contract with a major wireless provider. Planned and deployed partial or full organizational migration and change management plans to GSuite or Azure/Office 365 based infrastructure, depending on the contract between the wireless provider and their client. As a SME, was also primary point of escalation for support engineers, as well as a trainer for newly hired support engineers.    Key Accomplishments:  • Partnered with Project Lead to streamline deployment process, enabling a higher volume of completed deployments in a shorter timeframe.  • Interviewed and trained a number of support engineers who went on to being some of the highest performing employees on the team.  • Managed multiple successful deployments, with 95% of customers giving “10” rating on customer satisfaction surveys related to my direct work. Education Full Stack Web Development UNC Charlotte - Charlotte, NC September 2018 to March 2019 Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL Skills ADFS (3 years), Authentication (4 years), AWS (2 years), CSS (1 year), HTML (3 years), HTML 5 (1 year), Javascript (1 year), Node.js (1 year), Express.js (1 year), Passport.js (1 year), Socket.io (Less than 1 year), MySQL (2 years), MongoDB (1 year), React.js (Less than 1 year), Git (1 year), Powershell (3 years), Azure DevOps (2 years), Multi-Factor Authentication (2 years), OAuth (Less than 1 year) Links https://github.com/mikef-code https://mikefeller.dev https://www.linkedin.com/in/mike-feller Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ July 2007 to Present Full Stack Web Development March 2019 to Present Issued by UNC Charlotte's Continuing Education department after successful completion and meeting graduation requirements of their Full Stack Web Development program. Assessments Critical Thinking — Expert March 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/g7aax9wvdc4nvu3j Problem Solving — Expert March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yzg1yvlu-rjsjljz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.