Health IT Consultant Health <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Highland Park, IL Work Experience Health IT Consultant Cleveland Clinic - Abu Dhabi, AE September 2017 to December 2017 Three-month international consulting engagement to support Epic electronic medical record system  upgrade and new site implementation at Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi (CCAD).  • Gathered business requirements & designed Cadence & Referral scheduling functionality for new  CCAD site.  • Managed deliverables and work requests in Agile project management framework. Senior Application Analyst Codman Square Health Center - Boston, MA October 2015 to September 2017 Responsible for information technology and process improvement projects at a community health center  with 120,000 annual visits and 350 staff. Support, configure, and train Epic outpatient applications.  • Oversaw the implementation of Epic electronic medical record (EMR) system. Achieved goals  including increased revenue collections per visit & improved clinical information exchange.  • Chaired the EMR project steering committee, configured Epic applications, and directed patient  data conversion.  • Consulted with organizational leadership on the features, design, and organizational impact of MyChart, a technology which allows patients to access their health records online.  • Utilized reporting applications including Business Objects & Reporting Workbench to retrieve,  manipulate, and analyze data for process improvement, monitoring, and regulatory requirements.  • Maintained Epic application components including provider (SER) data, fee schedules, order  transmittal rules, visit types, and preference lists. Project Manager Epic Systems - Madison, WI June 2014 to October 2015 Technical consultant and project manager for electronic medical record system implementations. Projects  involved customizing software for business workflows and managing deliverables, timelines, & staff.  • Directed the implementation of Epic's Cadence, MyChart, Prelude, ADT and Referrals (certified)  applications at Wheaton Franciscan, an organization of 11 hospitals, and 70 clinics in WI & IA.  • Managed 8 customer business analysts and ensured timelines and deliverables remained on track.  • Mapped current state processes & optimized workflows for use with new technology.  • Supervised project timelines, communicated milestone updates, and monitored task completion.  • Customized Epic applications to meet customer workflow and ancillary system needs by gathering operational requirements, configuring software, resolving issues, and reviewing data.  • Published customer facing documentation on how Epic measures and defines scheduling "Key  Performance Indicators" to help customers transition their reporting metrics to Epic. Education Bachelor of Arts in International Relations & Diplomacy The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH 2010 to 2014 Additional Information Skills:  • Project Management • Communicating • Change Management  • Process Mapping Complexity • Stakeholder Engagement  • Data Analysis • Measuring Success • Risk Escalation and  • Meeting Facilitation • Team Building Resolution