Senior Manager of IT Infrastructure Senior <span class="hl">Manager</span> of <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Rochester, NY Award-winning information technology professional with over 10 years of enterprise IT experience including infrastructure management, project management, engineering, and systems administration. Dynamic team builder who recruits, trains, coaches and mentors industry leading teams across all corporate environments by building a culture of Radical Candor. Business management professional who "bridges the gap" between multiple teams, business users and technical platforms. Forward thinking professional who accurately forecasts future capacity, resource and cost requirements. Able to manage multiple large-scale projects, large teams of direct reports or cross functional teams with maturity and professionalism.    • IT Management  • Agile/Scrum/Kanban  • Incident Management  • Systems Administration  • Scripting & Automation  • Project Management  • Change Management  • DevOps  • Disaster Recovery Planning  • Strategic Planning  • Systems Engineering  • Cloud Migration  • Productivity Optimization  • User Training & Support  • Radical Candor Work Experience Senior Manager of IT Infrastructure Special Counsel - Rochester, NY April 2018 to Present Manage a distributed Infrastructure team of thirteen direct reports including Systems Engineers, Systems Administrators, Network Engineers, Database Administrators, and Storage Engineers. Responsible for all server systems, network and voice infrastructure, data centers (US, CN, UK), storage systems (NetApp, Compellent, EqualLogic), colocation facilities, and all production and development environments. Successfully implemented effective Change Management, Incident Response, Source/Version Control policies. Work closely with customers to assess requirements and ensure maximum uptime of equipment to meet both internal and external customer's business needs. Instituted operational best practices to align and meet system up-time and service level agreements. Established 24x7 NOC for real-time monitoring and expediting escalation to engineers. Instituted agile and DevOps methodologies. IT Project Manager D4 - Rochester, NY August 2016 to April 2018 Managed all IT projects and technical activities across all phases of the project management lifecycle. Directed project teams on creation of resource allocation planning, capacity planning, project scheduling, risk management and mitigation issues, action item resolution, performance requirements and productivity metrics tracking. Managed high profile managed services deployments and assist clients (both internal and external) with technical issues. Utilized previously acquired technical experience to become actively involved in day-to-day technology team to meet project requirements and resolve problems. Instituted Kanban system to track and manage the flow of IT work and projects to eliminate technical debt and keep projects flowing through pipeline. Systems Engineer/Administrator D4 - Rochester, NY November 2014 to August 2016 Reengineered company's systems setup, establishing automated server build routines, optimizing system performance, installing upgrades/patches, establishing system monitoring and maintaining security protocols. Ensured that all server hardware, operating systems, software and procedures aligned with organizational standards and strategic business plan. Increased team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files and PowerShell scripts. Acted as an escalation point for troubleshooting advanced network/systems issues; consistently earned 100% issue-resolution scores by providing excellent service to internal and external customers. Trained employees across multiple departments on network operations including log-in procedures, network management software, permissions, printing issues, security and use of software. IT Project Manager Workfit Medical May 2012 to November 2014 Oversaw all hardware, software, network and server implementation, upgrades and migration projects. Implemented the use of a ticketing system for tracking IT support requests, changes and projects. Managed the process for getting new user accounts set-up in Active Directory, EMR/EHR systems, Microsoft Exchange Server, PACS and other various systems including explaining the process, getting the appropriate forms completed and approved and creating the accounts. Negotiated and administered service contracts; interviewed and secured various consultants on contract basis. Developed and implemented business continuity and disaster recovery plans for all corporate locations. Oversaw the development of software applications using a variety of tools to ensure they meet business needs. Composed and deployed a unifying governance standard encompassing all applicable elements of HIPAA, authored and delivered HIPAA training to employees and managers. Planned and launched multiple new corporate locations spanning across western New York. Project Manager Workfit Staffing May 2010 to May 2012 Designed, developed and implemented marketing and sales campaigns, fundraisers, employee incentive programs and contests. Maintained accuracy and integrity of the financial and insurance transactions by researching and resolving any discrepancies with coverage or billing. Reviewed processes and streamlined daily tasks to maintain efficiencies within the department. Developed and maintained comprehensive knowledge of new and existing client account set ups, their corresponding systems and health and benefit processes to ensure resolution of escalated client issues. Trained and mentored employees within the group when required to ensure all staff is current on policies and procedures. Managed a field staff of 200+ healthcare professionals and placed them on top medical assignments. Education Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology Western Governors University January 2015 to Present Business Administration Monroe Community College 2010 to 2012 Skills Windows Server, Windows, Linux, CentOS, Cisco IOS, Microsoft Azure, AWS, Office 365, Azure/AWS CLI Scripting, Powershell, Bash, Batch Scripting, HTML 5, CSS, Dell EMC, Dell Compellent, NetApp, Dell EqualLogic, QNAP, Cloud Storage, iSCSI, Fibre Channel, NFS, LAN, WAN, WAP, VPN, DNS, SSH, SSL/TLS, DHCP, TCP/IP, MPLS, SIP, VoIP, Dell Sonicwall, Dell PowerConnect, Cisco, Meraki, Routing and Switching, Vmware, Citrix, Hyper-V, Relativity, Ipro, Nuix, Law PreDiscovery, ViewPoint, Zoom, Brainspace, Concordance, Quick View Plus, TunnelVision, X1, FTK, Encase, Exchange Server, Sharepoint, Solarwinds DPA, Idera SQLdm, Microsoft SQL, MySQL, WSUS, SCCM, JIRA, SysAid, Confluence, Bitbucket, Ansible, Chef, Teraform, StatusPage, PagerDuty, Opsgenie, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Adobe Creative Suite, Visio, Microsoft Project, PowerBI, Skype for Business, IT Management, IT Project Management, Project Management, System Administration, Systems Engineering, Agile, Scrum, Kanban, Change Management, Cloud Computing, Migrations, ITIL, Data Center, DevOps, Incident Management, Strategic Planning, Disaster Recovery, Scripting, Automation, Radical Candor, Database Management, Documentation, Graphic Design, Inventory Management, Java, Networking, Recruiting, Strategic Planning, Team Building, Technical Writing, Vendor Management, ITIL, Migration, Data Warehouse, Telecom Links http://linkedin.com/in/tedkorba Awards Above and Beyond Annual Award - D4,LLC 2016 Annual award winner for top quality performance and exemplifying the tenets of D4's Commit & Deliver program. Above and Beyond Quarterly Award - D4,LLC 2015 Quarterly award winner commended for top quality performance and reaching above and beyond on a daily basis. Certifications/Licenses CCENT CCNA Routing and Switching CCNA Security CompTIA Network+ CompTIA Project+ CompTIA A+ CompTIA Linux+ CompTIA Security+