IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Gum Spring, VA Work Experience IT Project Manager SyCom Technologies September 2016 to Present Plan and adhere to a budget of up to $420K; including equipment and services.  ? Provide technology strategy planning  ? Understand current and future business goals and ongoing IT issues to ensure business success  ? Direct the installation and maintenance of a 45-workstation system.  ? Prepare project team reports for the project status, issue tracking, and risks.  ? Maintain project plan, schedule, risk register, and budget.  ? Manage, document, and execute all project change orders.  ? Obtain client approval of all project milestones, project completion, and design documentation.  ? Perform project kickoff, status, and closeout meetings with project team and client.  ? Coordinate internal resources and third party vendors.  ? Successfully manage the relationship with the client and all stakeholders.  ? Manage and resolve day to day engineering, operational, and tactical aspects of multiple projects; average project load is 65 projects.  ? Develop project plans that identify key issues, approaches, and performance metrics  ? Developed team standard for Risk management Register and Weekly Status Reports  ? Work with multiple practice teams to assemble and coordinate successful project teams  ? Track and review project reports on progress, project deliverables, and client documentation  ? Control project variances through root cause analysis and correction  ? Maintain communication with all project stakeholders and manage expectations.  ? Ensure a high level of fiscal control and accountability for project budget by performing weekly or bi-weekly hours and budget review, as needed  ? Set and manage client expectations and satisfaction through responsive follow-up and communication.  ? Assist in developing, reviewing, and tracking project documentation  ? Understanding of Windows Servers including Domain Controllers, Exchange servers and SQL servers, MS Exchange, Office 365, MS Dynamics CRM, SharePoint, and System Center.  ? Work with clients (City of Virginia Beach and City of Richmond) for Windows 10 migration  ? Work with clients (City of Danville and Schwans) for Office 365 new migration and migration acquisition projects SyCom Technologies, Inc - Richmond, VA May 2013 to Present IT Project Coordinator/ Jr. Project Manager May 2013 to September 2016 Acted as decision maker in Project Manager's absence.  ? Created and maintain projects in AutoTask; perform weekly review of billable and non-billable time.  ? Created new training documentation for the Project Management department.  ? Trained new project coordinators on AutoTask and Project Management departmental procedures.  ? Monitored the PMO ticket queue within AutoTask for client requests and issues; responding within SLA's.  ? Maintained project and engineer's calendars; coordinated schedule for engineering team and Project Managers.  ? Prepared meeting minutes, agenda, presentations, and reports; conducted project staff meetings. Education Masters of Business Administration in Project Management Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA December 2016 Bachelor of Science in Business Management Information Systems in Business Management Information Systems Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA May 2013 Bachelor of Arts in Accounting in Computer Science Lynchburg College - Lynchburg, VA August 2005 Associates Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration Central Virginia Community College - Lynchburg, VA May 1993 Skills Project planning, Budget, Personnel management, Problem-solving, Scheduling, Outlook, Word, Microsoft Project, Word, Scheduling, Outlook, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses ITIL PMP Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS PROFILE  Over 9 years' experience in project management with a strong background in overseeing information technology projects. Skilled in vendor relations, personnel management, revenue growth, and project planning.  • Track record of completing projects within budget constraints and consistently meeting or exceeding deadlines and client expectations.  • Resourceful and innovative in problem-solving; proficient in troubleshooting and resolving disputes.  • Strong prioritization, delegation, and planning skills, leading projects through to completion.  • Gifted communicator with proven ability to interact and form lasting relationships with, and gain trust of, colleagues, and clients at all levels.