Senior Consultant & Testing Lead Senior Consultant &amp; Testing Lead Senior Consultant & Testing Lead - Revenue Solutions Inc Lochbuie, CO Proven Test Lead who excels at fast and reliable communication across multiple teams and business units to ensure successful launch of software application. Worked as a Test lead for 3 major releases as a contractor for the State of Rhode Island and Missouri. During these releases we integrated Business Taxes and Personal Income Tax Types. 3 years of working on client sites and running System Test and User Acceptance Testing to prepare for Production Go-Live. Quick learner, driven, strong work ethic, self-motivated, and great people skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Consultant & Testing Lead Revenue Solutions Inc January 2015 to Present Identify software issues and potential enhancement opportunities  ? Reviews and Test all code before it is moved to our UAT and Production environments.  ? Communicate testing status to upper management by sending weekly status reports  ? Lead meetings with managers and client to ensure all functional areas are being tested  ? Answer client questions and assist them with issues  ? Design and execute test cases for various content areas, functionalities, and processes that our software offers using General Design Specs to ensure the test cases are focused on the business process  ? Collaborate with software developers to create technical test strategies  ? Perform nightly smoke tests to ensure stable software environments  ? Performed functional, regression, integration & system testing for client/server, web & mainframe applications  ? Debug issues by diving into Logs, SQL, and BRE Rules  ? Train RSI and State employees on how to use our software  ? Led testing for integrating all Business Taxes for the State of Missouri, integrating Personal Income and Business Tax for the State of Rhode Island, and release of the Portal site for the State of Missouri  ? Provides sets of Data for client to focus on specific data using SQL  ? Prepared business requirement documents, smoke test guides, user guides, and other testing documentation  ? 3 years of experience of working in an Agile and Scrum Development process IT Project Manager - Intern QVC Inc May 2014 to August 2014 Managed project plans to meet all milestones using Microsoft Project and Enterprise Project Management  ? Organized daily stand-up meetings  ? Prepared status reports and meeting minutes to keep projects moving in the right direction  ? Forecast project tasks including internal labor, external labor, hardware, software, and maintenance cost Education Information Science and Technology Penn State University August 2010 to December 2014 Skills Adobe InDesign (Less than 1 year), API (Less than 1 year), C# (Less than 1 year), SQL (3 years), Testing (3 years) Additional Information Technical Skills  ? Operations software: Tidal, JAMS, Automize  ? Integrated Tax software: Revenue Premier  ? XML Spy, BRE Rule Caller, SOAPUI Automated API Testing Tool, Agent Ransack  ? Productivity: (Microsoft office: all programs), Lync, SharePoint, Adobe InDesign, Microsoft Test Manager, Microsoft Team Foundation Server(TFS), Project Management, SQL Server Management Studio  ? SQL, visual C#, Java Script