IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Daisy, TN Work Experience IT Project Manager Heartland Payment Systems, Micropayments - Chattanooga, TN May 2018 to July 2019 Provided leadership to project teams for strategic projects using predicative and agile methodologies. Created metrics for projects, and processes for engineering team. Managed both onsite and offsite teams  • Implemented Scrum rituals and worked within Scaled Agile framework.  • Collaborated with functional teams for corporate governance, change management, and risk management.  • Integrated systems for data collection, which provide a foundation for deep analytics, in the future.  • Implemented successful launch of new product utilizing offsite web development team  • Created processes that provided increased delivery of business outcomes  • Communication with business leaders as well as technical team to drive strategic initiatives  • Ensured that all requirements, even implied were traceable throughout backlog refinement and planning Senior IT Project Manager via Tek Systems - Chattanooga, TN August 2017 to May 2018 Managed cross-functional team of over 40 people on projects up to $5M, regarding predictive analysis of large data sets in the cloud space. Collaborated with senior IT management to provide expected outcomes. Set project schedule and milestones to align with business strategy, and consulted with senior management through presentation, reports and alignment conversations.  • Provided financial oversight through project forecasting and reconciliation of expenditures.  • Coached team in Agile methodologies and acted as a Product Owner in a scaled Agile environment.  • Responsible for Change Management process and Program Increment planning for on time delivery  • Elicited project requirements and decomposition of user stories for team consumption Manager of IT PMO USXpress Enterprises - Chattanooga, TN May 2016 to August 2017 Implemented and managed a PMO, consisting of 5 project managers, focused on IT initiatives and strategy.  • Directed up to 40 projects concurrently, with a portfolio over $2 million. Projects included Human Resource, Safety, Transportion Operations, CIO, and Financial projects.  • Organized and assigned projects to project managers. Management oversight of hiring, reviews, training and disciplinary actions for IT PMO staff.  • Created project workflow, standards for documentation, and intake from corporate department leaders.  • Facilitated Lean project and Six Sigma Green belt and Black Belt projects  • Collaborated with senior leaders to ensure that corporate vision was governed and prioritized through intake process.  • Gathered business requirements, or user stories, and translated to technical requirements and stories Project Manager OrthoBanc, LLC - Chattanooga, TN 2014 to 2016 Chattanooga, TN 2014 - 2016  A risk assessment and payment management company specializing in electronic payments for Orthodontists  Project Manager  • Supervised PCI/DSS Provider level compliance transition to Processor level compliance  • Increased productivity of Customer Service operations by successful implementation of various automations and system processes which accounted for a 60% improvement in the process used to manage client accounts.  • Full project SDLC oversight and maintained external relationship with banking partners.  • Worked directly with technical team to create product backlog and sprint planning IT Project Manager City of Chattanooga - Chattanooga, TN 2010 to 2014 Project oversight and coordination for City departments, including Police, Finance, Public Works, Transportation, Information Technology.  • Established stability of 9 modules of Oracle eBusiness Suite (General ledger, Payables, Budgets, Inventory, Purchasing, Payroll, HCM, others), post implementation stabilization, which included building a team, providing support, knowledge, and external resource identifications.  • Selected by CIO to lead Public Safety and Transportation projects to correct $1 million dollar project overrun. During this time led a region wide upgrade to Police RMS, or record management system. This included integrations with TBI and Homeland Security. Education A.A. in English Chattanooga State Technical Community College 2007 Skills PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, SDLC Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tracie-bullock Certifications/Licenses Driver's License