I.T. Specialist I.T. Specialist I.T. Specialist - Landing Gear Technologies Sunny Isles Beach, FL I have accrued eight years of experience in Information Technology. I've provided leadership and  hands-on management to maintain, operate, and expand enterprise technology and information  services while providing vision, problem anticipation, and problem-solving solutions. I act as a  liaison between technology and the Senior Management vision. The measure of success is clear:  dollars tied to business outcomes, the capitalization of in-house talent and the identification of  key outside experts.  I'm passionate about business' performance and how technology makes an impact on them, I  like driving specific, measurable goals. My intent is to dedicate my time and energy to a vibrant  organization, with a powerful sense of purpose and led by values and principles in a high-  performance climate.  I am currently working for MBD Development, a family company with a focus on building and  operating hotels. We recently completed a new hotel with the latest in technology which I was  directly responsible for. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Specialist Landing Gear Technologies - Hialeah, FL May 2018 to Present Managed I.T Servers and Workstations for 78 Employee.    • Managed Hyper-V Virtual Machines.  • Azure/Altaro internal/off-site Backups.  • Upgrading/troubleshooting MRO Quantum Software and debugging errors with Component Control.  • Developed project plans, schedules, and budgets by using tools such as MS Project.  • Assisted the CFO and accounting department with QuickBooks upgrade and transition to Quantum.  • Report any issues or delays and managed the schedule to meet objectives.  • Managed third party vendor development timelines.  • Liaison between Business units, Vendors, and IT areas.  • Communicated and resolved issues in a timely manner.  • Helped setting up Group Policies and setting up Active Directory.  • Managed Fortinet Firewall and setup FSSO & LDAP within the FortiGate technology  matching the Active Directory. I.T. Project Manager MB Development - Surfside, FL February 2013 to May 2018 Lead the technology planning and execution of projects to build three hotels.    • Scheduled and facilitated business requirements.  • Executed IT projects through Waterfall methodology.  • Developed project plans, schedules, and budgets by using tools such as MS Project and BIM server.  • Determined required project resources.  • Managed all project phases including testing and quality assurance.  • Report any issues or delays and managed the schedule to meet objectives.  • Managed third party vendor development timelines.  • Documented and coordinated escalation procedures.  • Liaison between Business units, Vendors, and IT areas.  • Communicated and resolved issues in a timely manner. I.T. Manager Grand Beach Hotel - Miami, FL January 2012 to February 2013 Managed the I.T. department for a 430-room hotel.    • Lead and mentored three computer technicians.  • Maintained business applications.  • Responsible for EDI exchange between systems.  • Maintain IPTV infrastructures within Hotel sites.  • Set up & deployed access control system throughout rooms and hotel for guest and employee access.  • Responsible for all IT/AV vendor relationships regarding and onsite maintenance of equipment.  • Developed documentation of all systems and performed quarterly audits.  • Coordination and management of upgrades, migrations, installations and changes.  • Management of routine maintenance to ensure highest levels of uptime across all system  and applications.  Additional non-managerial experience available upon request. Education Bachelor in Information Technology in Information Technology Strayer University 2014 Associates Florida Career College 2011 Skills Word, Strategic Planning, training, retail sales, budget Certifications/Licenses Driver's License