SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER - MedData Brecksville, OH Versatile, results-focused, project manager and team leader with extensive progressively responsible experience planning and managing complex technology projects. Experienced in Software Development and Infrastructure industry. Recognized for outstanding ability to lead cross-functional teams that collaborate as a focused unit to achieve aggressive business goals. Able to manage complete technology projects from initial needs assessment through design, development, delivery and evaluation of project success metrics. Earlier experience as a software instructor with extensive IT, PC, Web and Software Applications knowledge. Combine strong planning, organizational and consensus building qualifications with effective writing, presentation and negotiation skills. Work Experience SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER MedData - Brecksville, OH June 2018 to Present Facilitates, guides, the agile process to ensure project is completed using Kanban/Scrum methodology. Clears any impediments and looks at the product as a whole to welcome any opportunities. Ceremonies performed are daily stand up meetings, grooming calls, planning meetings, product review and retrospective meetings. Works closely with product owner and Scrum/Kanban team for priority of backlog, estimates and product review. Jira tool used to track product, time entry and follow up. Task driven efforts with a release cadence and ensure in sync with Cherwell ticket system with service desk. Works closely with BA for user stories and clarifications. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER Valley National Bank - Wayne, NJ August 2017 to May 2018 Merger and acquisition effort for integration with Florida and Alabama branches. Responsible for 5 Work streams. Participating and supporting a newly instantiated PMO with a programmatic approach by aggregating Quad Reports, Risk/Issues Logs for the Program Manager. Tools such as MS Project utilized for project schedules to roll up into master plan. Additional tools include ShareFile and Office 365 for administration of project. Working closely with program team to ensure legal contracts have been dispositioned and tracked for Legal Work stream. Participating with conversion responsibilities as they arise. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Swagelok - Solon, OH May 2017 to June 2017 Solon, Ohio (5/17 - 6/17)  Leading web application development efforts through Swagelok PMO process using a blend of SDLC and Agile methodology. Teams include Marketing and Communications line of business while working with Web Developers and Business Analyst to drive requirements to implementation. Tollgate reviews governed approvals to proceed to next stage.    SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (CONTRACT) SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Oxford & Associates - Beachwood, OH October 2016 to June 2017 SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Forest City Enterprises - Cleveland, OH October 2016 to February 2017 Cleveland, Ohio (10/16 - 02/17)  Following newly instantiated Project Governance framework using Stage Gate process, attending Governance board meetings for approval. Driving the execution of the program across collaborative and cross-functional teams. Driving toward successful completion of the agreed upon program deliverables within scope, time and budget with quality while consistently exceeding business expectations. Prepare and lead presentations as requested. Utilized MS Project to create and track a Master schedule.    SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (CONTRACT) Vaco - Columbus, OH March 2016 to September 2016 Cardinal Health at Home - Twinsburg, Ohio  Leading projects by working closely with Web, Oracle and E-commerce teams to implement business initiatives. Demonstrating experience across all phases of the SDLC starting with a business case, building the appropriate team, and executing against a plan; tracking risks, financials, and other key data points to drive success. Monitoring and controlling performance using Project Web Application (PWA), Service Now and SharePoint. Making adjustments with integrated change control and schedule. Project Financial Management, demonstrating an understanding of capital vs expense. Deliver status to Program 9 Manager PNC Bank - Pittsburgh, PA September 2015 to January 2016 Pittsburgh, PA (9/15 - 1/16)  Under Program 9, managed an Enterprise Architecture (EA) effort using Waterfall Methodology. Centralized artifacts and efforts through phase gates in a PPM Clarity toolset. Established a Communication plan to synchronize activities collaboratively with Daily Scrums. Monitored and controlled project via hybrid methodology of Waterfall and Agile for customized reporting using Troux data. Prioritized the build of customized reports which gives visibility to compliance, cost, agility and reliability, through people, process and technology. In addition, findings are based off BIAN framework currently in place. Deliver status to Program 9 Manager for preparation of weekly program meetings. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Root9B Technologies Inc - Charlotte, NC October 2014 to January 2016 SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER MVB Financials - Bridgeport - Morgantown, WV October 2014 to September 2015 Partnered effort to standup a PMO using the PMBOK methodology. Instantiated templates, processes, disciplined cadence and directories to a non-existing project management environment. Driving out new General Ledger system project, installation of Prologue while partnering with Fiserv. Understanding the current state process while socializing value, standards and expectations for future state process. Created "how to" process maps to provide vision using MS Visio tool set. Documented a Standard Operations Manual (SOP) and centralized in the company's repository. Knowledge of various products through vendor relationships established to manage projects strategically aligned with company's goals. Program management responsibilities for a high risk acquisition and divestiture program consisting of 21 work streams from business leads and technology leads including data conversion, infrastructure, and applications. Project size gained 70 million in deposits and 17 million in loans combined from both branches. Captured risks and maintained the risk log with follow up and mitigation. Depicted workflows and pivot tables for measurement of fallout trailing from effort. IT PROJECT MANAGER TEKsystems - Cleveland, OH February 2014 to April 2014 Project Manager of a 1 PNC Bank - Cleveland, OH May 2012 to February 2014 million dollar budget, closely monitored, tracked, and reported findings to all levels of the organization while driving resources through the closing process for Win7 package rollout effort. Facilitated daily meetings of status to stakeholders and communicated with cross functional teams 20-30 daily. Followed the waterfall methodology.    SENIOR CONSULTANT  • Sogeti USA - Columbus, Ohio 05/12 - 02/14  IT PROJECT MANAGER  Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company - Akron, Ohio (11/13 - 01/14)  Worked with Network Engineer and internal resources to solutions with Office 365 already in progress. Tracked progress to completeness with Microsoft Project. .Managed a project budget of $50,000.  IT PROJECT MANAGER  WESCO Distribution - Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (8/13 - 8/13)  Worked closely with offshore resources from Brazil for Remote Infrastructure Management Services (RIM) assessment. As an IT Project Manager with WESCO, a key member who presented weekly status reports to the Service Delivery Manager. This role relied upon Project Management skills by building relationships with all levels of the organization, coaching tech leads, and building and maintaining a project schedule using Microsoft Project. SharePoint administration was conducted by building folders and uploading documents relevant to the project such as risks and issues. Maintained a budget of $50,000.  IT PROJECT MANAGER  Eaton Corporation - Cleveland, Ohio (10/12 - 07/13)  Responsible for Quality Assurance in the Front Office of the created workflow. Performed compatibility and integration testing for applications to be packaged in a Windows 7 rollout of 500 packages. Testing was conducted on Sogeti and Eaton's Virtual Machine (VM) networks using Remote Desktop Connection (RDC). Pass or fail was tracked on SharePoint. Worked in a waterfall environment with budget of $500,000. Reported weekly status and conducted daily offshore conference calls with teams of 10.  IT PROJECT MANAGER  Huntington National Bank - Columbus, Ohio (05/12 - 08/12)  Responsible for leading and driving software initiatives to implementation utilizing SDLC methodology in a Matrix environment. With Scope Review, deliverable outputs such as system impacts, estimates and requisition of resources were created in the HP Project Portfolio Management (PPM) software. Tracked the budget, created the work plan and submitted artifacts such as work authorization, project schedule and project charter, through the approval process, while maintaining a communication plan to gain updates for the weekly status reports. Additionally, worked closely with Release Management and project team to align rollout and implementation plan.    PROJECT MANAGER  • Diebold, Inc. - North Canton, Ohio 07/10 - 05/12  Facilitate the success of Integrated Services projects by working closely with all levels of associates and teams. Worked on multiple simultaneous projects (up to 30 active projects) involving multiple installations of 5-10 ATMs with teams of up to 30 and budgets were ranging from$25,000 to more than $1 million. Acted as focal point for project problem resolution and escalation. Responsible for creating and maintaining project schedules, communicating with customers, vendors, sales & project teams as needed. Proactively communicate project status, track orders, escalate potential management issues and conduct customer meetings/conference calls to ensure a high level of stakeholder buy-in and satisfaction. Lead productive project close activities in order to establish and distribute results of lessons learned sessions in order to promote an environment that enables operational best practices. Working toward the development of a knowledge base for new and existing project management activities. IT PROJECT MANAGER Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company - Akron, OH November 2013 to January 2014 Worked with Network Engineer and internal resources to solutions with Office 365 already in progress. Tracked progress to completeness with Microsoft Project. .Managed a project budget of $50,000. IT PROJECT MANAGER WESCO Distribution - Pittsburgh, PA August 2013 to August 2013 8/13)  Worked closely with offshore resources from Brazil for Remote Infrastructure Management Services (RIM) assessment. As an IT Project Manager with WESCO, a key member who presented weekly status reports to the Service Delivery Manager. This role relied upon Project Management skills by building relationships with all levels of the organization, coaching tech leads, and building and maintaining a project schedule using Microsoft Project. SharePoint administration was conducted by building folders and uploading documents relevant to the project such as risks and issues. Maintained a budget of $50,000. IT PROJECT MANAGER Eaton Corporation - Cleveland, OH October 2012 to July 2013 Responsible for Quality Assurance in the Front Office of the created workflow. Performed compatibility and integration testing for applications to be packaged in a Windows 7 rollout of 500 packages. Testing was conducted on Sogeti and Eaton's Virtual Machine (VM) networks using Remote Desktop Connection (RDC). Pass or fail was tracked on SharePoint. Worked in a waterfall environment with budget of $500,000. Reported weekly status and conducted daily offshore conference calls with teams of 10. IT PROJECT MANAGER Huntington National Bank - Columbus, OH May 2012 to August 2012 Responsible for leading and driving software initiatives to implementation utilizing SDLC methodology in a Matrix environment. With Scope Review, deliverable outputs such as system impacts, estimates and requisition of resources were created in the HP Project Portfolio Management (PPM) software. Tracked the budget, created the work plan and submitted artifacts such as work authorization, project schedule and project charter, through the approval process, while maintaining a communication plan to gain updates for the weekly status reports. Additionally, worked closely with Release Management and project team to align rollout and implementation plan. PROJECT MANAGER Diebold, Inc - North Canton, OH July 2010 to May 2012 Facilitate the success of Integrated Services projects by working closely with all levels of associates and teams. Worked on multiple simultaneous projects (up to 30 active projects) involving multiple installations of 5-10 ATMs with teams of up to 30 and budgets were ranging from$25,000 to more than $1 million. Acted as focal point for project problem resolution and escalation. Responsible for creating and maintaining project schedules, communicating with customers, vendors, sales & project teams as needed. Proactively communicate project status, track orders, escalate potential management issues and conduct customer meetings/conference calls to ensure a high level of stakeholder buy-in and satisfaction. Lead productive project close activities in order to establish and distribute results of lessons learned sessions in order to promote an environment that enables operational best practices. Working toward the development of a knowledge base for new and existing project management activities. Education Bachelor of Science in Marketing The University of Akron 1995 Skills Technology management, Sharepoint, Html, Jira, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Deployment, Linux, Forecasting, Portfolio management, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Expense control, Process documentation, Documentation, Training Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  * Professional: Project Management Development, Enterprise Technology Management, Project Initiation, Execution & Deployment, Team Development and Productivity, Change Initiatives, Vendor/Product Selection & Management, Cost-Effective Solutions/Expense Control, Process documentation, Forecasting, Gathering requirements  * Communication: Public Speaking/Presentations, Curriculum Development, Instruction & Training, Conflict Resolution, Reports Generation & Writing  * Technology: Microsoft Applications ( Project, Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint), TCP/IP, Networks, MS Windows, Linux, Web Servers, Html, HP Project and Portfolio Management Center (PPM), Software Application Administration & Training, SharePoint, Project Web Application (PWA), Office 365, Service Now, Web time sheets, HPQC, Jira