IT PROJECT ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> ANALYST IT PROJECT ANALYST - DOVENMUEHLE Barrington, IL My proven project management skills, including the ability to organize, prioritize, and manage multiple projects make me a valuable employee. I thrive in a team environment: able to take and give direction, facilitate and support team decisions, highly adaptable to change. Work Experience IT PROJECT ANALYST DOVENMUEHLE November 2017 to Present Organize and lead product and project discovery, solution definition, requirement gathering sessions and product walkthroughs. Maintain  constant communication with development team through email, chat  ASHLEY.MENIG@GMAIL.COM and daily standups to ensure deployments run smoothly and are  completed on time. Maintain project status reports to be reviewed  weekly with stakeholders, tracking progress through completion of deliverables and milestones, while highlighting scope and schedule  (847)275-6055 changes, risks and issues. Communicate effectively with senior  management, business analysts and engineering staff. Prepare data  mapping documents typically targeting SQL or Hadoop framework.  Experience with Atlassian / Jira / Confluence, Microsoft TFS. Project Manager BMO Harris Bank July 2004 to June 2012 Responsible for the analysis, design, objective development, and evaluation of systems, sales and customer service  training courses. Create and maintain eLearning; instructor-led and My ideal position is fast paced, blended courses. Responsible for developing and managing project  dynamic, and detail oriented. As plans, timelines, and budgets associated with course development.  life-long learner I welcome new Researched, generated and disseminated electronic information to challenges and experiences. 500+ Bank/Call Center employees. Mastery of Microsoft Office  applications (PowerPoint, Word, Excel). Experienced in Storyline, Captivate, Photoshop, PowerPoint, Blackboard, various LMS. Education BA in HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT North Eastern Illinois University 2006 Skills Microsoft Office, testing, training Links http://www.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/ASHLEY-MENIG-5498541B