IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager/Product Manager/ Project Coordinator Miami, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Wireless Connection - Miami, FL January 2017 to November 2018 ·    Accomplishes regional sales human resource objectives by overseeing recruiting, selecting, orienting, coaching, assigning, scheduling, counseling, and disciplining employees in assigned districts; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.  ·    Manage existing product line of software and accessories. Ensure all products are delivered according to ETA established. Liaise with plant in China to review defective or technical issues from products.   ·    Coordinate all aspect of product launch, from conception to completion. Overseeing product design, draft and send proper documentation, monitoring production and delivery time. Draft product roadmap including (product functionality, launch, marketing vs sale projections.  ·    Draft and/or Review test case results for software results.  ·    Prepare presentation for upper management. Liaise with all internal and external stakeholders.  ·    Ensure Achievement of regional sales operational objectives by sharing information with regional sales manager and provide recommendations with strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; enforcing production, quality, and customer-service standards; manage escalated post sales issue related to products.  ·    Assist with regional sales financial objectives by anticipating future requirements; preparing product roadmap annual budget; analyzing variances and ROI.  ·    Assist with sales objectives by contributing to sale plans and quota for districts in support of national objectives.  ·    Maintains and expands customer base by counseling district sales representatives; building and maintaining rapport with key customers; identifying new customer opportunities.  ·    Recommends product lines by identifying new market niche, contribute to product opportunities, and/or product, packaging, and service changes; surveying consumer needs and trends; tracking competitors.  ·    Gather feedback from client for product better understanding and improvement purposes.  ·    Submit weekly reports on project iterations and clients feedback  ·    Assist in setting goals and quotas for distribution partners within assigned market.   ·    Identify and communicate competitor activity and achievements in both the assigned and general market.   ·    Perform other duties deemed necessary and integral to achieving company objectives.  ·    Being the ambassador of the company by presenting products, the company mission, values, and financial objectives.   ·    Attend and work tradeshows as needed and determined by Management.  ·    Supervise physical inventory counts and flow of incoming products.  ·    Weekly report on product development team progress..  ·    Use Microsoft Visio to lay out interdepartmental processes  ·    Use Data Reference to define and translate data into our new ERP system.  ·    Travel to meet clients or site of implementation for reviewing requirements if necessary. IT Project Manager RL Group SRL - Miami, FL June 2014 to December 2016 ·    Reviewing & counseling on Business cases  ·    Review Software implementation execution   ·    Reviewing & counseling on Annual Target  ·    Reviewing R&D charts & counseling on business direction  ·    Proposing new verticals of products based on Market Research  ·    Overviewing products and delivery.  ·    Review Business case, Service Description Document and Authorization. Request Form (SDA) for different products.   ·    Discuss with Shareholders about progress  ·    Discuss with third party vendors on product improvement  ·    Draft PPT on products in pipeline  ·    Attend Virtual Meetings on behalf of RL Group  ·    Liaise with RL Group department for reporting purposes  ·    Reviewing Financial Report & Quarterly Budget  ·    Analyzing reports & provide feedback General Manager Products Digicel Group - Port-au-Prince August 2011 to June 2014 ·    Responsible of 20 products of the company.  ·    Responsible for annual growth target.  ·    Managing Portfolio of value of 7.5 million dollars.  ·    Responsible of all VAS product launch.  ·    Draft & Review Business case, Service Description Document and Authorization Request (SDA) Form for different products.   ·    Writing processes for different products.  ·    Writing Service Level Agreement (SLA)  ·    Coordinating all project phases from conception until live production.   ·    Draft and manage the BTL Calendar of Digicel.  ·     Liaise with all departments and externals client when necessary.  ·    Drafting budget of each products.  ·    Drafting Marketing Plan and ensure smooth executions.  ·    Ensure all Digicel’s Partner Monthly invoice is delivered on time.  ·    Ensure all project managers are working properly and escalate any issue found accordingly for immediate fix.  ·    Financial report, weekly progress report.  ·    Presentation on New Initiatives and analysis.  ·    Liaise with MIS, BI, VAS Charging, IT for implementations.  ·    Ensure written document of Customer Service document on each product.  ·    Ensure Training is provided for product understanding.  ·    Travel to meet and represent company on meetings.  ·    Report to the CEO     Achievements  ·    Implemented 5 new products which over exceed Annual Target of 6.5 million dollars.  ·    Cut budget spending to 30% on irrelevant Marketing channel while making more cost-effective decisions.  ·    Responsible for Software implementation  ·    Writing Digicel VAS & third party process for any future products.  ·    Revitalized products by decreasing churn rate to 8.5% MOM.  ·    Reduced Customer acquisition cost by 35% through relevant Marketing Strategy.  ·    Improved Customer experience by reviewing product life cycle.  ·    Ensured all products in the pipeline are delivered on time.  ·    Manage Team and interact productively with BI, VAS Charging, MIS, Marketing and product Customer Care.  ·    Engaged and present all plans to CEO while working with CFO for releasing Marketing funds on a timely manner.  ·    Created Digicel Dictionary (Digitionary) for Below The Line Messages(BTL) PROJECT AND LOGISTICS COORDINATOR FUNDACION BIENESTAR Y DESARROLLO - Santo Domingo, DO 2011 to 2014 Managed 1500 sq. ft. warehouse  • Responsible for $300 thousand DOP, 7,742-unit medicine inventory  • Supervised 2 administrative staff directed 8 contract warehousepersons.  • Managed $100 thousand DOP budget, reported to President of the Foundation.  • Responsible of all fleet maintenance, tires, repairing and drivers.  • Supervise all fleet dispatching and fuel contract with provider.  • Liaise with provider and ensure long-term sustainability  • Send forecast of all material needed according to usage and availability.  Supervised receiving, inventory control, storage, distribution, traffic.  • Scheduled drivers, negotiated rates and routes with truck lines/carriers.  • Supervise Fuel administration, accident claims, repairing cost, and mileage track record.    Managed product distribution, security and receivables.  Inventory included appliances, chemicals, hospital supplies, electronic products.  Major Projects/Achievements  • Design and implemented a roadmap process that enables anyone with the minimum knowledge to follow guidelines.  • Increased storage capacity 10% by stocking products in an efficient manner.  • Developed operations manual and cross-training plan for six job functions.    2009-2010 ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER FUNDACION BIENESTAR Y DESARROLLO 2010 to 2011 construction division)  • Responsible of all delivery construction materials and inventory.  • Ensure all workers follow safety guidance.  • Assist Project Manager with Budget and Estimate  • Liaise with different stakeholder to ensure project completion.  • Coordinate project schedule, resources, equipment and information.  • Document Controlling Task, Maintain, Archive & distribute all documentations  • Act as point of contact to communicate project status to all stakeholders and clients.  • Oversee project procurement management  • Liaise with client to determine requirement, scope and objectives.  • Ensure all Credentials are delivered on a timely manner  • Ensure all schedules are being given and also all working tools  • Design communication process for different entities based on project.    2017-Present    2015-2017  2014-2015 Education Bachelor's in Business Administration Strayer University-Florida - Miami, FL January 2019 to Present COMPUTER SCIENCE Centre de Formation Professionnelle d'Haïti 2001 to 2004 Skills Agile Scrum, Scrum, CSM, PMP, Scrum Master, PM, Jira, PM, Jira, microsoft office (10+ years) Awards Identify and communicate competitor activity and achievements in both the assigned and general market Major Projects/Achievements Groups Managed $100 thousand DOP budget, reported to President of the Foundation President Additional Information • Senior Management, Product owner & Project delivery, 7+ years in Management and product ownership.  • Specialist in coordinating, manpower planning and quality improvement.  • Experience in writing processes for inter-department and/or for product life cycle.  • Experience in drafting & presenting product roadmap to C-Level and/or Senior Management.  • Experience in Product testing and validating test cases.  • Experience in budgeting, business case, business analysis, marketing strategy and branding.  • Experience in product design, functionality and user experience requirements.  • Experience in Project Management in Infrastructure implementation and technology field.  • Background supervisory skills, high level of business orientation, project planning and product management using agile methodologies.  • High communicative skills with all proper channel and strong corporate ethics  • Strong leadership through balanced participative methods  • Strong negotiating skills, understanding of distribution channel and sales strategy.  • Experience in drafting FAQ for customer service.  • Excellent Analytical skills, solution oriented mind-set, internal processes and eye for details.  • Proficient in MS Visio, MS Project, Word, Excel, ERP, CRM, Data Reference, Software Implementation  • Knowledge of agile values and principles, Software development, Enterprise implementation