Contract Sr. Delivery Manager (Sr. IT Project Manager) Contract Sr. Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>) Contract Sr. Delivery Manager (Sr. IT Project Manager) - Brooksource (Anthem) Suffolk, VA Christina M. Parker is a 2019 Lefcoe Leadership alumni and selected to be on the Hampton Roads Agile Leadership Team. She is a Certified Scrum Master, Certified SAFe® 4 Agilist (SA), and Certified Project Management Professional. She also has nine years of experience in the field of information technology, systems support, system integration, research and development, team management, and staff management & training. Due to her educational background she gained skills in Health Information, Project Management, Agile Methodology, E-commerce, SEO, Web Development, Cyber Security, Data Science and Analysis. She has 9 years of leadership experience and seeking a career in which she can apply her leadership skills. Work Experience Contract Sr. Delivery Manager (Sr. IT Project Manager) Brooksource (Anthem) April 2019 to Present * Responsible for the development and ongoing management of one or more multi-year programs.  * Managing Enterprise wide programs of $7M-$10M+ size with multiple concurrent sub- projects  * Applying project management knowledge, skills, tools and techniques to project deliverables, processes, and systems.  * Determining project scope, resource, risk, quality, cost, and scope management plans  * Developing training plans, requirements documents, and project approval matrix  * Identifying project team training and tool needs  * Defining, recommending and securing contractual agreements for technical services and products  * Coordinating requirements, schedule implementation and post-implement plans, and develop service-level agreements for vendor partners and global resources firms  * Defining quality gates for each project methodology phase  * Engaging others to determine business cases and support development of go-to-market strategies for owned API assets Contract Senior Project Manager/Business Analyst TEKsystems (Optima) September 2018 to April 2019 * Serving as project manager and business analyst within the Business Implementation department to manage multi-million budgeted strategic expansion health insurance projects.  * Developing healthcare expansion project charters and obtaining signoff by stakeholders.  * Auditing project documentation such as test plan to ensure that testing results are accurate for reporting purposes.  * Developing project plan including the stakeholder register, communication plan, risk registered.  * Managing multiple healthcare expansion projects and obtaining project resources.  * Implementing and supporting of quality initiatives within assigned areas for healthcare strategic planning projects.  * Ensuring that the claims and benefits department are informed about how new business would impact their team.  * Analyzing and auditing 70,000 to 90,000 lines of data with the purpose of finding data discrepancies.  * Providing weekly project status updates to management to discuss achievements and barriers.  * Working with team to test claims, eligibility files, and load provider full files in the testing environment.  * Implementing and supporting of quality initiatives within assigned areas.  * Working on teams with project resources from the following departments in which one to two resources are assigned to project: IT, Business System Operations, Claims, Enrollment, System Administration, and Customer Relations. IT Project Manager Newport News Shipbuilding March 2018 to September 2018 * Conducting internal team audits within the Business of IT program for infrastructure project to ensure that team is in compliance with SOX.  * Auditing IT infrastructure projects to ensure financials and risks are understandable for reporting purposes.  * Attending SOX training to understand international, state, and federal regulations to ensure IT processes and procedures are in line with training.  * Identifying, monitoring, and controlling risks for projects and establishing mitigation plans.  * Auditing and analyzing project documentation such as reports and project financials and suggesting recommendations as needed.  * Reviewing and maintaining detailed project financial tracker for projects that provides a detailed view to the project budget, forecasted spend, forecast-to-end projection and variance through project closure  * Gathering information, providing analysis, and/or generating reports on project schedule, demand management, and spend for project and program managers  * Preparing for project closeout, including validating accuracy of project schedule related information in MS Project Server, i.e. PaLM  * Conducts regular follow ups with Program Managers and PMs to ensure project schedules are being correctly updated each week  * Maintains the project repository and creates project communications including status reports, presentations, meeting minutes based on information provided by Program Managers and PMs  * Update all quads w/ current priority and financial grids and project timelines.  * Pull actual materials & labor from financials such as Hyperion or SAP.  * Analyze the actual labor hours vs planned labor hours and make necessary adjustments to hours as needed.  * Update project roadmap by reviewing new information updated in PALM and discuss changes with PMs as needed.  * Make recommendations pertaining to which documents are the most useful for PMs such as scope documents and P2P documents.  * In HPSM, track procurement and consultants.  * Conduct a review of PaLM Projects with zero budget, zero demand, and validate start and end dates.  * Ensure that financial workbook, issues, and risks match with the quad. Consultant/ IT Project Manager Global 1 Consulting - Suffolk, VA November 2014 to March 2018 * Serving as a Servant Leader for development team in which the team sized ranged from seven to ten team members.  * Working on server refresh and cybersecurity related projects with development team.  * Clearing obstacles for development team and working with product owner to communicate and accomplish organizational goals.  * Establishing an environment where the team can be effective and addressing team dynamics and promoting diversity and inclusion.  * Ensuring a good relationship between the development team and product owner as well as others outside the team.  * Protecting the team from outside interruptions and distractions.  * Hosting and planning Scrum ceremonies (Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective).  * Working with development team on product backlog.  * Managing software development (agile) and waterfall project for business of IT projects.  * Managing a diverse group of project teams from different industry backgrounds including teams of developers, programmers, financial analysts, etc.  * Working on team sizes ranging from nine to fifteen to maintain project schedule and make updates as needed.  * Establishing project plans, test plans, training procedures, and change management and communication plans  * Gathering information, providing analysis, and generating reports on project schedule and demand management.  * Preparing for project closeout, including validating accuracy of project schedule related information in MS Project Server  * Identifying, monitoring, and controlling risks for projects and establishing mitigation plans.  * Auditing and analyzing project documentation such as reports and project financials and suggesting recommendations as needed. Team Lead IT Consultant Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA January 2012 to March 2013 * Interviewing possible candidates for IT Consultants.  * Providing technical support such as troubleshooting, updating software, and installing anti-virus protection support.  * Training new employees and conducting 30-day reviews.  * Supporting new technology implementation and train users in new and existing IT systems.  * Utilizing technical and business skills within organization.  * Auditing technical documentation and troubleshooting reports and reporting findings to management. IT Project Manager Cyber World Solutions - Chesapeake, VA December 2011 to February 2013 * Serving as project managers and leading the design process of a website by managing project and team of graphic designers, writers and web developers; team size consisted of 12 team members.  * Working to find and solve any problems with the function of a web project by implementing testing processes and working with technical staff to address any issues.  * Designing solutions for customer problems related to online commerce, and corporate.  * Supervising a team of web professionals by developing effective training procedures, appropriate task assignments, positive customer experiences and top-quality control processes.  * Aiming to meet all project goals within the specified budget of the client and the organization; adjust practices to reflect cost saving measures.  * Providing periodic project status reports during weekly meetings with stakeholders and project team.  * Identifying, monitoring, and controlling risks for projects and establishing mitigation plans.  * Auditing and analyzing project documentation such as reports and project financials and suggesting recommendations as needed.  * Auditing risk register, issue log, change management plan, and various project management documentations to ensure documentation aligns with the health of the projects. Education PhD in Technology Innovation Northcentral University October 2017 to July 2020 Master of Business Administration in Information Technology University of Massachusetts of Lowell - Lowell, MA January 2015 to December 2017 Master's in Management Cambridge College - Cambridge, MA December 2013 to October 2014 Bachelor's in Psychology and Sociology Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA January 2012 to May 2013 Associate in Social Science Tidewater Community College - Portsmouth, VA December 2009 to December 2011 Skills Problem-solving Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Adaptability/Flexibility Cooperation Complex Problem-Solving Confidentiality  Excellent Judgment Integrity Perseverance Critical Thinking  Concern for Others Dependability Emotional Intelligence Active Listening    PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS  9 Years of Diversified Experience in Business, Leadership, Project Management, Data Analytics, Technology Implementation, Research, Marketing & Sales and Customer Relations. Knowledge of using Jira, SAP, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office, Visio, Hyperion, and HPE Service Manager.    Communication  * Ability to communicate ideas effectively in speech and writing  * Extensive experience in conferencing with students and parents  * Used negotiation skills to resolve conflicts and consulted with other professionals to resolve difficult issues  Social Perceptiveness  * Established and maintained effective interpersonal relationships while working in teams  * Energetically looked for ways to help others and offered assistance and support when needed  * Served as a liaison between client and parent while providing one-on-one services  Teaching  * Presented lessons with clear and concise written and oral directions for student understanding  * Actively listened to questions and concerns of students to motivate and inspire learning  * Monitored and evaluated performance while Implementing interventions to accomplish goals  Organization  * Kept accurate records including evaluations, assessments, grievances, and interactions with clients  * Developed specific goals, plans, and diagnostic test  * Knowledge of computer programs including MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project)    Management  * Managing a diverse group of project teams from different industry backgrounds including teams of developers, programmers, financial analysts, etc.  * Provided program management for nonprofit organizations and provide social media management and promoted programming through social media, print and website development  * Communicated effectively with cross functional teams.