IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Poway, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager FIT SOLUTIONS - San Diego, CA 2018 to 2019 Served as Project Manager for network infrastructure engagements for a diversity of clients. Conducted business analysis in partnership with client. Spearheaded project design, managed budget, resources, timeline, testing and client hand off, serving as primary liaison with client throughout project.  ? Enhanced uptime and reduced vulnerability for a client with 100s of remote consultants by directing 2 staff members  and 2 vendors in migration of data center to a colocation site. Also, implemented a disaster recovery system.  ? Improved communications and increased client satisfaction by leading a project to implement an automated call tree  that adjusted based on a schedule. Led installation of a redundant Cisco Unified Communications platform.  ? Managed a team of 2 in completion of 4 Office 365 migrations on behalf of legal and financial businesses. IT Project Manager CENTREXIT - San Diego, CA 2017 to 2018 Brought on board to take over management of a security initiative at Celgene encompassing installation of redundant  firewalls to improve security for the biotech company's lab equipment and systems valued at ~$250M across 7 sites.  Designed project plan for firewall installation and Windows (7 and 10) and lab equipment migration. Interviewed lab  managers and personnel to determine network resources, access applications and define data utilization. Developed and managed project scope and led a team of 10 in Europe and the US to implement networking and application changes for  testing. Created project documentation, such as knowledge bases, system assessment forms and inventory management.  Managed and tracked change controls to adhere to Celgene's GMP policies/requirements.    ~  Robert Marshall | 843.368.6875 | ~~~~~~  ? Attained the on-time and within budget Lab Compute Environment (LCE) Security Initiative. Led a team of 10 in the US  and Europe in the migration of ~1000 pieces of lab equipment and systems behind redundant internal firewalls.  ? Directed a team in an emergency project to install security patches to eliminate a Microsoft vulnerability. Designed,  planned and implemented a solution across several sites in the US. IT Project Manager | Network Engineer STONE BREWING CO - Escondido, CA 2012 to 2016 Promoted 3 times throughout 8-year tenure to oversee network infrastructure and key IT initiatives for this rapidly  expanding company. Spearheaded strategic planning for network growth and multi-location expansion. Partnered with business stakeholders to define business requirements and recommend IT solutions for new facility builds. Architected  network infrastructure, prepared and monitored project scopes and budgets, sourced vendors and directed infrastructure  builds at all locations which included 84 switches, routers and firewalls across 17 locations. Prior to promotion to Project  Manager, served as Network Engineer, architecting and managing enterprise Wide Area Network connections, Cisco Meraki  wireless networks, intrusion detection and door access systems, and AV and POS solutions.  ? Oversaw 7 vendors in the 2-year, $1.8M infrastructure design and implementation of Stone Brewing's 215,000 square  foot Richmond brewing location.  ? Managed 3 major simultaneous projects involving 5 vendors following construction delay of the Liberty Station site.  Implemented infrastructure for Liberty Station, brought packaging hall online, and performed a core switch upgrade.  ? Accommodated expansive growth, increased uptime capabilities, data security and reliability by selecting and leading  a team of 5 staff and 3 vendors in relocation of the data center to a colocation.  ? Collaborated with vendor in the design, testing and implementation of a SharePoint site. The $250K implementation  provided employees a platform to collaborate, communicate and store shared project data.  ? Improved data availability and flow from the Packaging Hall and Brewery IDF. Sourced vendor and oversaw the $50K  installation of fiber MDF, new Cisco switches and configuration of port channeling to double bandwidth capabilities.  ? Contributed to vendor oversight for the $1M implementation and test of Microsoft AX.  ? Managed several application development/deployment projects following the SDLC framework IT Analyst Stone Brewing Co. 2008 to 2012 Hired to manage optimal performance of the physical and virtual server environment and applications. Played a critical role in transforming 17 physical servers to a VMWare environment during a period of rapid expansion as Stone Brewing expanded  to 6 locations. Researched and recommended blade and storage technologies for VMWare environment. Education MBA in Finance Specialization National University, School of Business and Information Management Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Strayer University - Washington, DC Skills Waterfall, PM, SDLC Additional Information Key Skills: Agile & Waterfall Methodology * Systems Analysis * Business Requirements Gathering * Network Engineering Project  Design * Budget Management * Timeline Management * Resource Allocation * Risk Management * Testing Strategy * Project  Reporting Change Management * Systems Migration * Cloud Computing * Global Team Management * Vendor Collaboration    Energetic and pragmatic project leader with a record of achievement leading  complex large-scale network infrastructure projects across diverse and highly  related environments including, healthcare and biotechnology.    Known as a "hands-on" contributor in network engineering. Launched career as a  Network Engineer and IT Analyst with strength identifying ideal technical solutions  to meet business needs and designing and installing networks that provide optimal  security, redundancy and uptime while meeting US and international regulatory  and compliance guidelines.    Selected to lead global teams of ~10 on projects valued between $50K - $1.8M.  Apply a disciplined approach to promptly identify core issues, remediate obstacles,  revitalize struggling projects, and deliver solutions on time and within budget.    Blending technical skills and business knowledge to break the barriers of  communication between business stakeholders and engineers to define business  requirements and deliver high-quality solutions across equipment, systems and  networks.    TECHNICAL STRENGTHS    Hardware Platforms: Cisco Catalyst Switches 2960, 3560, 4500, Cisco Routers 2911 3925 and 4431, Cisco ASA Firewalls 5512  and 5525, Cisco Nexus Switches 5672, Cisco Meraki Wireless Access Points    Software Applications: MS Project, MS Visio, MS Office, Cisco Prime Infrastructure, Cisco Firepower, Cisco Unity/Call  Manager/Presence, Cisco Meraki Cloud Management, Avigilon Video Security, Whats Up Gold, ServiceNow, PRTG    Operating Systems: Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 and Windows 7/8/10