Global IT Program Manager Global <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Global IT Program Manager - Abbott Waukegan, IL Work Experience Global IT Program Manager Abbott November 2015 to Present l.asif.ali@gmail.com    Managing the overall IT program programs for Abbott Corporate. This IT Project Execution Lead Radio Shack July 2005 to June 2007 Created and managed the impact of independent components on the application system. Provided strategic expertise to optimize the original  solution as the main objective of the tool was to reduce the time needed in the manual impact analysis of a component over the entire application  system.    Provided operational management expertise to eliminate the system  analysis and overhead costs. With a critical need to automate and standardize the system analysis, the automation tool served as a huge  cost savings for the organization in system maintenance. IT Programmer MetLife August 2003 to June 2005 Led the management and maintenance of the application migration of the existing application system at MetLife. Managed to cut the time of  traditional migration by strategically replacing with the automated  migration component. The effort for developing the automated  migration component instead of manual migration process was hailed as an innovative strategical process optimization. Education MBA in North America University of Illinois at Urbana - Urbana, IL December 2017 to December 2019 BS in Computer Science University of Madras February 2009 to October 2015 MS - Computer Applications in redundancy costs University of Madras September 2003 to October 2006 Skills Marketing, Digital marketing, Marketing strategy, Program management, Process improvement Additional Information Skills footprint in marketing on IT projects across the board. This includes  project management, delivery management and development of strategic  Program Management plans for projects of high business complexity.    Digital Marketing Managed business optimization process by switching from traditional,  expensive vendors to low cost sourcing vendors and thereby help achieve  Team Leadership  significant cost savings. Managed the compliance preparation process  Marketing Strategy and led the initiative to bring Email marketing creative process in-house  which enabled the promotional campaigns reach the market faster.  Business Process Improvement    Delivery Management