Executive Director Executive Director Certified Project Manager Austin, TX Effective, outcome driven professional with comprehensive technical and business skills. Record of boosting  efficiency by identifying opportunities and implementing optimized processes. Outstanding management, team  building, and communication skills. Core strengths include:    • Strategic & Tactical Planning • Team Building & Leadership • Contract Negotiations  • Project Management • Sales & Marketing • Public Relations  • Client/Vendor Relations • Financial Reporting • Staff Management    Business and Technology Competencies  Dynamic Leader • Keen ability to streamline service management • Effective and Articulate Communicator  Microsoft Office • Databases • Basic HTML & CSS • SEO • Project Management Software Work Experience Executive Director AISD, RRISD and Wayside Schools - Austin, TX 2017 to Present TX  • Develop and execute mission driven strategic plans.  • Create, modify, and distribute project plans, as well as all implementation related documentation.  • Provide day to day leadership for a cross-functional team.  • Manage Relationships with several vendors including The City of Austin, AISD, RRISD and Wayside Schools  • Design and implement training with internal and external staff. I.T. Project Manager SMAK Construction - Castries, LC 2010 to Present Saint Lucia  • Manage and lead complex cross-functional and cross-organizational IT projects of diverse scope throughout the complete lifecycle, delivering results on time and on budget  • Balance stakeholder objectives against resources, budget, and IT architectural roadmaps  • Identify and implement best practices and continuous improvements via post project reviews and root cause  analysis Program Manager Youth Speaks - San Francisco, CA 2015 to 2017 • Identified potential clients, prepared and delivered presentations, and performed on-site and cold-call sales and marketing.  • Ensure resource availability and allocation across 10+ projects at a time  • Created strategic infrastructure necessary to promote, curate, and manage large events with 10,000+ attendees.  • Recruited, interviewed, trained, and oriented 100+ staff and volunteers and managed them during events    Professional Association Memberships  CompTIA Education Bachelor of Science in Business in Information Technology Management Western Governors University 2019 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sheenika-medard