IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator » Thrives, blooms and grows in chaos with ambiguous expectations and stressful challenges. » Exceeds expectations, sees and catches the ball ahead of time to make consistent touchdowns.» PROJECT CONTROL OFFICER » PROJECT COORDINATOR » PROJECT MANAGEMENT » EXECUTIVE SUPPORT » Tenacious, embraces challenges and diversity, creates organizational order from chaos, sets high standards and a demanding pace to wrap up projects according to mandate. » Respected and engaging leader, ignites team spirit and excitement, promotes career advancement and continuous learning. » Jovial, open and confident communicator, serves with authority interacting with internal and external stakeholders. Saint Paul, MN ACCOMPLISHMENT HIGHLIGHTS:  » Directed budget forecasts and actuals for 3 global cyber security projects worth $2M USD. [Ameriprise Financial]  » Negotiated with 24 potential buyers to sell the estate property saving $76K in state medical lien. [Barentine Estate]  » Pivotal in a high priority, multi-million-dollar project creating a password vaulting solution for 250K employees in 21 countries with 5 Project Managers, 5 Architects, 5 Analysts and 5 Deployment Coordinators. [UnitedHealth Group]    Mid Level Management | Project Management | Project Portfolio Management | Project Coordination | Office Management | Budget | P&L | Technical Support | Executive Support | Reporting & Analysis | Vendor Management | Contract Management | Resource Management | Project Management Office (PMO) | MS Project | MS Office Suite | Workflow Management | Release and Deployment Management | Logistics Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Ameriprise Financial - Minneapolis, MN 2018 to 2019 PCO | Project Control Officer    [4 direct + 25 indirect reports | $2M USD CapEx]    Oversaw projects across the US with offices in Minneapolis, Boston, New York and London, UK.    Oversaw projects across the US with offices in Minneapolis, Boston, New York and London, UK.     Appointed as interim IT Contractor  »        Recruited to fill a void after an internal staffing realignment with a mandate from the Cyber Security Director to assist with year end budgeting reports to CIO and update project timelines and employee/consultant time tracking.  »        Received training from internal employee, played a proactive contributory role in the weekly status meeting with Director and 3 Project Managers discussing the 3 global cyber security projects valued at $3M.  »        Gathered data from multiple sources, tabulated and delivered 3 monthly budget forecasts and actuals with MS Excel and PowerPoint for presentation to the CIO.  »        Monitored and updated daily 3 international cyber security projects using SharePoint and MS Project while approving weekly timesheets for 25 employees in Project Center. Project Manager Barentine Estate - Saint Paul, MN 2016 to 2018 PCO | Project Control Officer    [4 indirect reports | $100K USD CapEx | $76K USD OpEx | $24K USD P&L]    Appointed by family and Ramsey County Judge to address and conclude the estate for the unexpected passing of brother.    Estate Executor  »        Navigated through complexity and scepticism to rapidly sell a 1880 Victorian home due to a citation from the City of Saint Paul for a lack of repair on external siding complicated by the previous owner having difficulty in selling.  »        Utilized an online home seller web site, wrote property description supported with a comprehensive photograph portfolio.  »        Collaborated with bank officials to close multiple personal accounts while performing fiduciary management of the estate account and assets in MS Excel.  »        Planned and executed a massive cleaning and maintenance project to elevate the buying appeal, distributing 100 personal items to heirs.  »        Engaged a Realtor to provide assistance with sale, interacted with the municipal Building Inspector on progress.  »        Researched Minnesota State Legislation web site to find legal medical cost exemptions.  »        Prepared estate taxes for fling by accountants, signed 12 legal documents for lawyers to submit to court to advance estate process.  »        Drove the project to a successful conclusion selling house after 2 years in legal delays, avoided further citations paying back taxes while saving the estate $76K on a state medical lien due to uncovering and presenting a loophole. IT Project Coordinator UnitedHealth Group, Optum Technology - Minneapolis, MN 2015 to 2015 PCO | Project Control Officer    [ Project peak of: 2 direct + 18 indirect reports]  Interacted with staff based in the US, Brazil, India, Ireland, Philippines and the UK.    Rollout of new high priority multi-million-dollar password vaulting solution  »        Hired to plan and execute the business crucial project touching 168,000 employees across 21 countries.  »        Coordinated and led planning meetings conducted remotely with 5 Project Managers, 5 Architects, 5 Analysts and 5 Deployment Coordinators with an additional 250 resources using Cisco, WebEx and MS Outlook.  »        Researched project scope, established 15 project plans in MS Project, created and updated a SharePoint site and documentation using MS Access, Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio.  »        Played a key role as the project unfolded into the launch phase with password vaulting across the company-wide IT infrastructure within minutes of launch. Sabbatical Sabbatical - Saint Paul, MN 2014 to 2015 • Took time off for personal & family matters. IT Project Coordinator Bremer Bank - Saint Paul, MN 2012 to 2013 PCO | Project Control Officer    [ Project peak of: 2 direct + 55 indirect reports | $2M CapEx]    »        Appointed to the PMO to collaborate with 2 Project Managers and 5 Field Engineers on planning a transition for 2,000 end-users on a multi-million-dollar Windows 7 migration / upgrade.  »        Focused on excellence without interruption to the business operating 24/7/365 negotiating with an external vendor to discuss project software and hardware costs.  »        Reconciled equipment order invoices, modified and updated 15 project plans and time tracking with AtTask, authoring SharePoint documentation.  »        Slashed IT computer costs by $2K, facilitated server data extracted from MS Excel spreadsheets distributed to 100 bank branches to deliver a seamless Windows 7 migration without business interruption. Bilingual Technical Support Representative Best Buy Canada - Richfield, MN 2012 to 2012 [ Project peak of: 2 direct + 25 indirect reports]     Primarily interacted with staff based in the Province of Quebec and other staff across Canada.     Utilized bilingual fluency to provide store technical support to Best Buy Canada  »        Appointed to the IBM Deployment Operations Center to provide an urgent need and void in technical support to the client’s Canadian retail stores.  »        Received training from peer Technical Support Analysts on Best Buy Canada procedures on trouble shooting company store issues.  »        Communicated in both English and French to 186 Canadian retail store managers by phone or email to expedite technical resolutions on store cash registers, card readers and other equipment.  »        Installed software updates at store locations using Remote Desktop, VNC and VPN rapidly resolving over 500 trouble tickets within challenging timeframes.  »        Escalated issues from Level 2 to Level 3 as needed in order to advance the technical trouble shooting for a variety of IT matters. IT Project Coordinator Target - Minneapolis, MN 2011 to 2012 PCO | Project Control Officer    [ Project peak of: 4 direct + 250 indirect reports | $1B CapEx]    Provided IT expertise on end-of-year budgeting reports to CIO  »        Recruited as Target embarked on a massive $1B IT security rollout for 133 Target stores during an expansion into Canada.  »        Served with authority in supporting Project Managers updating project timelines and employee consultant time tracking, approving timesheets and adjusted timelines for 250 resources in 15 simultaneous projects using CA Clarity and Open Workbench.  »        Produced and updated timely SharePoint documentation with weekly status reports for 2 Project Managers.  »        Recommended by team to expedite a budget forecast for the senior management team at the end of fiscal year. Technical Support Assistant Saint Paul College - Saint Paul, MN 2009 to 2011 [ Project peak of: 2 direct + 7 indirect reports]     Provided technical support to a diverse student population  »        Assisted over 100 staff and students to resolve technical hardware and software issues providing excellent and swift customer service. IT Project Coordinator Ameriprise Financial - Minneapolis, MN 2006 to 2008 [ Project peak of: 12 direct + 350 indirect reports | $5M CapEx]    Multi-million-dollar SDLC project for 17,000 financial advisors  »        Onboarded over 350 new contractors from the US and India overseeing over 20 IT projects during 2 years as the high priority multi-million-dollar initiative unfolded.  »        Updated SharePoint documentation, created and submitted 350 payroll timesheets, drafted miscellaneous reports with CA Clarity. Education None in Adobe Creative Suite St. Paul College - Saint Paul, MN 2009 to 2011 High school Harding High School - Saint Paul, MN Skills Project Management (8 years), Sharepoint (8 years), Word (10+ years), Project Coordination (8 years), Excel (10+ years), Accounts Payable (10+ years), Accounts Receivable (10+ years), It Project Management (8 years), Budgeting, Budget Development, Financial Management, Financial Reporting, Reporting, Report Writing, Report Preparation, Reports, Legal Research, Legal Terminology, Editing, Clarity, Webex (Less than 1 year), Billing, Logistics, Negotiation, Meeting Planning, Executive Support, Office Management, Sharepoint, Visio, Photoshop, Powerpoint, Expense Reports, Technical Support, Technical Writing, Windows 7, Mac OS X, Adobe, VPN, VNC, Editing, Forecasting, Project Planning, Project Development, Photoshop, Photography, Security, Real Estate, Research, Spreadsheets, Retail, Banking, Finance, Insurance, Healthcare, Customer Service (10+ years), Appointment Scheduling (10+ years), Calendaring (10+ years), Calendar Management (10+ years), Organizational Skills (10+ years), Sales (2 years), Telephone Skills (10+ years), Conflict Resolution (10+ years), Negotiation (2 years), Teamwork (10+ years), Training (1 year), Presentation Skills (10+ years), Presentation Design (10+ years), Scheduling (10+ years), Schedule Appointments (10+ years), Manager (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Account Reconciliation (10+ years), Bookkeeping (10+ years), Documentation (10+ years), Document Control (10+ years), Document Management (10+ years), Event Planning (2 years), Lotus Notes (3 years), Networking (10+ years), Visio (2 years), Information Technology (6 years), Project Planning (8 years), Microsoft Office, Outlook, Accounting (10+ years), Project Management (8 years), Project Planning (8 years), Project Coordination (8 years), Office Management (10+ years), Budget Management (8 years), P&L Management (2 years), Technical Support (1 year), Executive Support (8 years), Reporting (8 years), Vendor Management (8 years), Contract Management (8 years), Resource Management (8 years), Project Development (8 years), SDLC, Software Development, PM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/lindabarentine Additional Information Bilingual Manager, Bilingual Representative, Bilingual Sales, Bilingual French, Bilingual Assistant, Bilingual Customer Service, Project Controls, Project Control Analyst, Project Controls Analyst, Project Control Officer, Project Leader, Project Control Specialist, Project Controls Specialist, Project Scheduler, Project Assistant, Project Analyst, PMO Analyst, Project Finance Analyst, Jr. Business Analyst, Technical Support Coordinator, Technical Coordinator, Technical Support Specialist, Bilingual Customer Service, Administrative Project Coordinator, Project Administrative Coordinator, Administrative Coordinator, Business Coordinator, Global Coordinator, International Coordinator, Budget Coordinator, Financial Coordinator, Education Coordinator, Program Coordinator, Training Coordinator, Coordonnateur technique, Contrôleur de projets, Coordonnateur administratif, Coordonnateur au service à la clientèle, Coordonnateur de projets.