IT Project Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) IT Project Manager (Consultant) Carolina, PR Work Experience IT Project Manager (Consultant) CRL Technologies, MA 2018 to 2019 Responsible for the project coordination and the planning and implementation of content in all workflows to make sure the security, risk and compliance requirements are met.  • Responsible for the Investigation, identification and implementation of improvements to different internal systems applications to eliminate unnecessary procedures.  • Responsible for the management of multiple projects simultaneously.  • Supervised the development teams in the use and practice of the agile principles.  • Responsible for the timely compliance of the projects needs on time and within the accepted acceptance criteria in a hybrid methodology environment while the team are making the transition to an agile methodology.  • Responsible for the team members training on the basics of Agile/Scrum methodology to increase the resolution of the weekly incidents by 30%.  • Write user stories based on the requirements collected by all stakeholders.  • Managed the Agile/Scrum project teams meetings including the Sprint planning, daily scrums or Standups, Sprint check-In, Sprint review and retrospective.  • Managed the meetings with the system partners to finalize the designs and formalize the project requirements. Apply poker sizing and planning techniques as needed and according to the duration of the registration and priorities.  • Responsible to set the Sprints based on 3 weeks with flexibility in length based on project immediate functionality concerns.  • Responsible for the review, analysis and recommendations for changes related to the method used for the online credit card payments to minimize the customer responsibility for rejected charges and identify existing customer's accounts that contained invalid information.  • Responsible for the progress reports to all interested parties through Sprint burn reports and goal updates. IT Project Manager (Consultant) FVT Group - Puerto Rico 2017 to 2018 Managed all the phases for some Legacy projects, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, quality control and closure.  • Managed and led a team of professionals through the implementation cycle and the installation process.  • Responsible for the projects priorities changes between the IT department and the user departments.  • Responsible for the management of multiple projects simultaneously.  • Responsible for the review and analysis of the business needs to determine the changes and updates needed to improve efficiency and performance and communicate those requirements to the senior management through weekly reports.  • Interact with several technical teams to coordinate changes or modifications to the corporate software and also third-party software installations.  • Monitored institution compliance implications for all new systems and product services.  • Responsible for the meetings coordination within the technical and functional areas related to the project requirements, priorities and deadlines.  • Responsible for the functional specifications, change control procedures, development requirements and tests, procedures and environments.  • Responsible for the meetings coordination between the technical teams, Quality Control team and the functional users. IT Project Manager (Consultant) EPS, Inc - Carolina, PR 2017 to 2017 Managed information technology strategies by administrative staff, research and implementations.  • Responsible for the systems policies and procedures.  • Managed the project resources by recruiting, selecting, guiding and training team members; maintain a safe and secure work environment; Developing opportunities for professional growth within the company.  • Monitored the development of legislation and regulation in both state and federal venues.  • Analyzed legislative and regulatory data to assess relation and application to company production or policies.  • Managed the effectiveness and efficiency of the organization by defining, delivering and supporting strategic plans to implement information technologies.  • Managed all project phases, budget, priorities, changes, updates, quality control and resources.  • Managed and verified the results of the each implementation through testing and users evaluations.  • Monitored institution compliance implications for all new systems implementations.  • Managed and verify the implementation results by conducting system audits of technologies implemented. Implementation Project Manager Santander Bank - Boston, MA 2011 to 2017 • Managed all project phases, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure.  • Managed and leading a team of IT professionals based in USA, Spain and Mexico through the implementation and installation process of several banking application from the Sovereign bank software environment to the Santander (Partenon/BankSphere) software environment and platform.  • Managed multiple (10) projects simultaneously.  • Analyze business needs to determine changes and updates needed to improve efficiency and performance and communicating those requirements through a weekly reports to the senior management.  • Interact with several technical teams in the US, Spain and Mexico to coordinate the corporate software changes or modifications and also the third party software installations.  • Assessed working and operating procedures for optimization and compliance.  • Prepared frequent reports documenting efficiency of operating compliance processes.  • Managed the meetings with the technical and functional areas related to the project requirements and timelines.  • Monitored institution compliance implications for all new systems and product services.  • Responsible for the functional specifications, change control procedures, development and testing requirements, procedures and environments.  • Researched regulatory and legislative information, provided updates and adjusted compliance processes when necessary. Project Manager (Consultant) Metro Resources, Inc - San Juan, PR 2009 to 2011 Worked in a contracting position for the Puerto Rico Telephone Company to lead the conversion and implementation of old and new software applications and data from the z/OS platform to the Unix Platform.  • Responsible for the overall project plan implementation.  • Managed the team efforts to modify or install new software applications based on user requests.  • Managed the implementation and clients data migration efforts to a newly software platform.  • Responsible for the analysis and resolution of incidents and software defects.  • Responsible for resource allocation, deliverables review, operational procedures, documentation, and issues/actions/risks resolution and mitigation.  • Managed the efforts to upgraded and converted customer data from different platforms to integrate it to the newly installed software platform.  • Reviewed functional specifications, change control procedures, development and testing requirements, procedures and environments.    Computer Skills  Desktop Application Software: Microsoft Project, Excel, Windows, Visio, Microsoft office, Programming Languages: z/OS, Java, JavaScript, CSS, PHP, COBOL, CICS Command Level Education BA Interamerican University - San Juan, PR May 1980 Skills Data Center Operations, Desktop Application Software: Microsoft Project, Excel, Windows, Visio, Microsoft office, Mainframe z/os Programming Languages: COBOL, CICS Command Level,, Java (basic), HTTP (basic), XML (basic),. net(basic) dot (10+ years), MIGRATIONS (10+ years), RISK MANAGEMENT (10+ years), BUDGETING (7 years), STRATEGIC PLANNING (5 years), COST CONTROLS, GOVERNANCE (5 years), SDLC (10+ years), PM (10+ years), Scrum Master (1 year), Waterfall (1 year) Certifications/Licenses Project Management, Scrum/Agile, IT Compliance, ITIL, COBIT 5 Foundation, RACF security administration Present