IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Safeway Discovery Bay, CA Work Experience IT Project Manager Safeway - Pleasanton, CA February 2015 to Present Create SOW to ensure completion of project on time and within allocated budget by coordinating with national IT vendors, including Cisco, Meraki, Verizon, Hughes, Dimension Data, and World Wide Technologies. Manage procurement activities including vendor sourcing, scope definition, risk management, budget tracking, quote submission, and purchase order release. Define project scope and develop project plan by using MS Project to evaluate project progress. Work in close collaboration with other project managers to ensure seamless flow of work. Lead the coordination between team, management, and key stakeholder to discuss potential issues and risk factors. Anticipate risk and prepare contingency plans to control and mitigate risk. Manage retail testing, deployments, site survey coordination, remediation, and implementation while leading cross functional teams. Collaborate with Finance and PMO teams to create project budget and perform financial reviews. Ensure completion of development, analysis, environment, tests, reviews, and approvals before deployment in production by liaising with teams in US and Manila. Organize and head meetings while overseeing room reservations and catering for multiple sites.  Key Achievements:  * Planned and completed multiple projects with budgets in excess of 30M and multiple years' time span.  * Reduced processing time and ensured 10% CPU saving by implementing IBM DB2 Analytics Accelerator.  * Enabled MQ environment compatibility with public and hybrid cloud environments by upgrading MQ environment to version 9.  * Designed and deployed VM environment at 1747 retail stores while decommissioning legacy environment, standardizing our retail stores, and ensuring scalability for future server upgrades.  * Managed a tracks to enable shifting of datacenter from a legacy platform to a hybrid cloud and cutting server builds from 3 months to 3 days. IT Project Manager First American Title - Concord, CA March 2014 to February 2015 Developed project team, delegated tasks and responsibilities to relevant team, and ensured proper utilization of allocated resources. Discussed project status with management and key stakeholders while implanting effective risk controlling strategies to identify and resolve risk. Delivered assistance to project managers in overseeing and managing various project activities. Prepared and sent to senior management, including details of project progress and follow up on issue status. Monitored test and turn-up meetings for deployment of Cisco 2811 routers, phones, PRIs, and T1 circuits. Ported customers' business numbers onto Verizon network by negotiating with customers' LEC carriers. Created run book and project template, used as standard operating procedures for VoIP migrations, acquisitions, and facility projects. Assessed nature of VoIP migration project by developing Legacy v Cisco VoIP ROI Excel template.  Key Achievements:  * Delivered 157 broadband circuits by partnering with Verizon network.  * Contributed in implementing Cisco VoIP solutions across 237 branch and office locations. Project Manager Cisco Systems - San Jose, CA January 2011 to February 2014 Designed CCW web tool to support Cisco's partners in web order submissions by using Agile methodology. Evaluated project from inception till completion while communicating project progress to executives and key stakeholders. Led the coordination between stakeholders, development team, cross functional teams, management, and vendors to devise project plans. Enabled smooth migration to CCW ordering tool by collaborating with Cisco partners. Removed bugs found internally and externally by liaising with on-shore and off-shore x-flow teams. Involved in gathering and documenting user acceptance tests as well as presenting results to product owner and stakeholders. Utilized MS PowerPoint, Word, and Excel to present Network and VoIP solutions in morning meetings.  Key Achievement:  * Played an important role in migrating over $12B from legacy ordering tool to CCW ordering tool.  * Highlighted and resolved 983 bugs identified by Cisco partners during the development of CCW tool.    Additional Experience as Project Coordinator at ASAP (Cisco Systems), Lab Manager at Datanet (Cisco Systems), as Systems Administrator at Sigmanet (Cisco Systems), and as Business Development Manager at Fusion Tech.    Technical Proficiencies  OS: Windows, Linux/UNIX, Mac OS  Tools:  MS Visio, MS Project Enterprise, MS Office 365 Suite, Oracle Business Intelligence tool, SharePoint, Service Now, Remedy, Concur, Jira    Methodologies: Project Management, CPDM, Waterfall, Agile, Scrum Education Masters in Business Administration Western Governor's University - Salt Lake City, UT B.A. in Comparative Religious Studies / Philosophy San Jose State University - San Jose, CA Skills Project planning, Remedy, Ms project, Sharepoint, Visio, Oracle, Linux, Linux/unix, Unix, Ms office, Jira, Technical support, Ms visio, Mac, Mac os, Vendor management, Risk assessment, Business intelligence, Budgeting, Mitigation Links http://linkedin.com/in/rey-s-44910952 Additional Information Core Competencies:  • Project Management  • Contract Administration  • Project Planning & Budgeting  • Process Improvements  • Vendor Management  • Scrum    • Cross-Team Collaboration  • Technical Support & Guidance  • Strategy Implementation  • Risk Assessment & Mitigation  • Procurement  • Agile