IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Work Experience IT Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Pleasanton, CA 2015 to 2019 Delivery and management of environments supporting project execution as well as the application management of Kaiser's Managed File Transfer (MFT) environment.    • Planned, analyzed, and implemented IBM Tivoli Workload Scheduler platform replacement project including vendor selection, migration planning, and implementation to ensure 100% availability of secure file transfer services.  • Ensured the successful technical operations of the Enterprise Managed File Transfer Axway platform - notably leading level one and level two production support efforts.  • Led the day-to-day technical operational activities, including implementing changes, performing backups, granting user access, managing configurations, ensuring that scheduled jobs are completed, and administering the infrastructure.  • Proactively identify, communicate and manage issues and risks, notifying and/or escalating to the appropriate manager for assistance and resolution (responsible for creation and management of project risk management plans).  • Perform initial review of change requests via ServiceNow while assessing the risk to the MFT IT environment.  • Planed, coordinated downtime, and obtain necessary approvals from designated business partners for each specific change request in multiple regions.  • Provided communications to all areas related to the change request. Ensure all required documents and approvals are secured to the change request.  • Accountable for the change request process through to successful closure and accepts responsibility for risk introduced by the change IT Project Manager KPCC 2014 to 2015 IT Project Manager responsible for the delivery, management, and maintenance of environment delivery to Kaiser's major KPCC-Tapestry initiative across National and all regions.    • Facilitated, coordinated, and delivered development, QA, system integration test (SIT), UAT, performance and production infrastructure. Activities included facilitating software releases to target environment platforms and ensuring production uptime of 99.995%.  • Produced critical documents to manage both the project delivery and the project management processes and presented these documents to Senior Leadership and Business Partners as required.  • Led strategic vendor partnership to ensure smooth production rollout, post support, and roadmap alignment/prioritization of capabilities critical to Kaiser IT.  • Led the deployment of infrastructure activities to prod and non-prod environments. Applied proven communication and problem-solving skills to guide and assist support groups on issues related to the provisioning, procurement, patching and maintenance of business-critical information and applications to reduce downtime.  • Perform initial review of all change requests in Remedy while assessing the risk to the MFT IT environment. IT Technical Lead 2011 to 2014 Led Benefits Enhancement Tracking System (BETS) Release Management Team of 8 on/offshore resources responsible for supporting or the delivery, management, and maintenance of BETS Application environments in both Production and Non-Production environments.    • Managed Scheduled and unscheduled Mission Critical events that require End User support team engagement to deploy and support Hardware and Software delivery.  • Managed the installation and configuration of 50+ servers and databases for system go live and post go-live activities, as well as support non-production environments.  • Managed cross program communications to ensure proactive representation to external program constituents, internal project managers, and technical teams including liaison across Enterprise Testing Services, Systems Design and Configuration, business partners, and vendors.  • Led the relocation of the BETS Application, Interface and Database infrastructure from Kaiser's Ohio Data Center to Silver Springs Data Center.  • Performed initial review of ServiceNow change requests while assessing the risk to the BETS IT environment.  • Planned, coordinated downtime, and obtain necessary approvals from designated business partners for each specific change request.  • Provided communications to all areas related to change requests. Ensured all required documents and approvals were secured to the change requests. Assigned change request tasks to the technical teams required to implement the changes.  • Accountable for the change request process through to successful closure and accepted responsibility for risk introduced by the changes.  • Participated at CAB meetings to review upcoming Change Records and Releases for assessment of risks, scheduling conflicts, denial of change records and new changes. IT Release management Lead Lockheed martin - San Jose, CA 2009 to 2011 Provided oversight and direction for Firmware and Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) build and release support for Data Routing Recap (DAR) Program.    • Improved the custom applications build process through automation (Continuous Integration) that resulted in 15% increase in availability of software for testing.  • Coordinated the software release process between the Engineering and Quality Assurance (QA) teams that reduced rework by 10% and increased by 15% the availability of software updates to 24/7 Lockheed Martin internal and external customers.  • Managed the "Hardware Upgrade project for the ClearCase Repository and Primary build servers" that resulted in 100% backup reliability and 100% redundancy in case of failure. Automated the daily and weekly Build server and ClearCase repository backups.  • Reduced production cluster migration issues 90% by taking ownership of all major software releases.  • Responsible for the planning and execution of change management deliverables  • Attended weekly Technical Analysis Boards (TAB) to recommend new architecture to the customer keeping current networks and systems ahead of DoD standards to present to Change Control Board (CCB).  • Responsible for managing Rational ClearCase Software Configuration Manager databases for the configuration and change management processes.  • Developed actionable and targeted change management plans - including communication plans, sponsor roadmaps and deployment plans.  • Updated the change log with all progress that occurs, including any actions to correct problems and/or to take opportunities to improve service quality.    Technical Proficiencies  • Database: Oracle9i, Oracle 10g, Oracle11g, MySQL, MongoDB, MS SQL Server  • Operating Systems: RHEL 4.x, 5.x, 6.x, Sun Solaris, Windows - NT, 2000/2003/2007, Server/XP  • Virtual Environments: VMware ESXi 6.5 Environment  • Cloud Computing Services: Familiar with Amazon Web Services (AWS)  • Microsoft Tools: Office 360, MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio  • PM Methodologies:  Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile, Waterfall, IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework and IT service management (ITSM)    • Team Collaboration Toolset: SharePoint, Skype, Zoom, Google Docs, Confluence  • IT Service Management: Remedy, Quality Center, One link, ServiceNow, JIRA  • SCM Tools:  Team Foundation Server, Jenkins, IBM Rational Suite (ClearCase, ClearQuest, Rational Team Concert, Rational Asset Manager)    • Regulatory Compliance: Working knowledge of SOX, PHI (HIPPA), PCI confidential Information Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems University of San Francisco - San Francisco, CA Skills Itil, Pci, Remedy, Disaster recovery, Sox, Change management, Clearcase, Clearquest, Deployment, Scm, Database, Ms sql server, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Oracle 10g, Sql, Amazon web services, Jenkins, Ms project Additional Information Core Competencies:  • IT Project and Program Management  • Change Management  • Systems Deployment and Implementation  • Partner and Stakeholder Relations  • Risk Management  • Integrated Solutions    • IT Infrastructure Architecture  • Release Management  • Budgets, Finances, and Resources  • Customer/Vendor Management  • Infrastructure Delivery  • Disaster Recovery