Tech Project Coordinator Tech <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Charlotte, NC A resourceful IT professional with proven results in IT Project Management, Technical Delivery, and IT Project Coordination. Customer focused with the ability to build and maintain relationships with LOBs, tech groups, and vendors. Experience with LANs, Servers, Brokerage, and Trading Floor Technologies.  Online Training: ITIL Intermediate SS, PMP, SharePoint, and Excel in progress. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Tech Project Coordinator Wells Fargo Enterprise Eco Solutions - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to May 2019 • Eliminating risk and lowering cost: Project management and coordination to refresh and dispose over 1,000 obsolete, out of compliance, and unneeded printers enterprise wide. In addition removal of 200 plus standalone FAX machines and lines, consolidating to a multi-function printer or outright elimination.  • Lowering cost of ownership: Optimization of print environment through redesign and model selection with respect to volumes, needs, and standards.  • Meeting facilitation: Brought LOBs, internal teams, and vendors together in order to understand customer needs and propose a solution. IT Project Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC September 2015 to December 2015 • Coordination with LOBs and technical teams to migrate over 8,000 SHA-1 to SHA-2 internal and external certificates avoiding loss of service. Achieved this by consolidating data into Excel pivot tables for tracking and reporting within SharePoint.  • Facilitated meetings with application teams to review status of outstanding certificates and planned next steps and dates.  • Setup a SharePoint view for management to track status of project. IT Project Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC June 2014 to June 2015 • Serve as the central point of contact: Facilitating, planning, and tracking activities on behalf of LOB, production, and development teams.  • Increasing LOB's productivity: Communications coordination and facilitation of project meetings to engage application and infrastructure teams to decommission and/or migration of nearly 400 VMs.  • Pulling data from several sources: Generated reports on the progress of VM project weekly via Excel pivot tables and distributed to stakeholders.  • Resolving audit and compliance issues: Tracking and reporting status within SharePoint to upgrade over 200 databases for Cap Markets applications. Created reports, tracking, distribution, and communication within SharePoint, OneNote, and Excel of over 700 applications for audit review and remediation of Cap Markets applications to resolve audit issues.  • Archival process of project artifacts: Testing and verifying within enterprise archival system and documenting the process, making link available for audits as proof of remediation within SharePoint.  • Documentation: Project administrative procedures and processes needed for SharePoint, tracking, reporting, and archiving. Technical Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Charlotte, NC June 2012 to January 2014 • Decommissioned over 400 devices in satellite and remote data centers across the country saving $M and data center real estate.  • Facilitated, scheduled, and coordination of logical power downs of VMs on live calls with Vendors, Data Center, LOBs, Advocates, and OS Support.  • Planning and coordination of vendors and on site resources for the downing and removal of equipment from site. Reducing risk and cost.  • Processed sign-offs for vendor access and coordination of data drive destruction on site with internal and vendor resources. Reducing risk.  • Engaged vendor HP for site surveys, downing and removal of equipment by submitting requests directly through HP's ticketing system and following up. Technical Project Manager Wells Fargo Bank - Charlotte, NC June 2010 to June 2012 • Decommissioned over 700 devices in Core, Regional, and Satellite Data Centers which contributed to the savings of hundreds $M by avoiding building new data centers and freed up DC real estate.  • Identified VM server monitoring gap during decommissions, notified the correct IT teams to review, address, and resolve the issue.  • Pilot and production review of new server delivery system (STSP). Identified issues, documented them, and presented to management and development teams for resolution.  • Scheduled, coordinated, and ran logical power down meetings with Data Center, LOBs, Advocates, and OS Support.  • Created and maintained Decom Team templates within Remedy Pac2000. This reduced lag time and simplified the creation of CRs, WRs, and WOs allowing for greater through put.  • Identified and notified management and Decom team of issues surrounding decommissioning and destruction of software keys (dongles) on servers. Worked to have DCM, CRMO, LOB, and management discuss and put in place a process. IT Systems Consultant Senior, VP Wachovia Securities - Charlotte, NC December 2007 to October 2009 • Built and maintained relationships between Tech Groups and Clients managing and supporting the delivery of technical products and services.  • Worked closely with Tech Teams and LOBs across the organization to resolve issues and deliver solutions.  • Led team to create a Server Delivery Dashboard in SDI for multiple IT Groups and LOBs to track requests, show pain points, and generate reports and metrics. Led software evaluation, pricing, implementation, and planning. Interfaced with developers and business analysts for look and feel of dashboard and reports. Received recognition for this.  • Ran project that enabled Thomson-Beta passwords for 30,000+ users across the enterprise to reset/sync. Reduced helpdesk calls by 70%, freeing helpdesk and/or reducing head count. Received Shared Success Award  • Analyzed circuits for Bank Brokers' with response issues. Resolved more than 55 branch circuit issues providing quicker response and better customer experience. Received many Excellence First Awards  • Reviewed and tracked server delivery requests at every stage of process. Updated TDMs of issues and created monthly TDM metric report highlighting group/individual workloads and turnaround time. Ran quarterly financial query for server delivery against Corporate GL system, imported data for graphing and reporting. Education Bachelor's in IT Project Management Strayer University - Charlotte, NC Present Bachelor's in Computer Technology (Sr. Transferred) New York Inst. of Technology - Old Westbury, NY Skills Business requirements (7 years), It project management (7 years), ITIL (2 years), Process improvement (10+ years), Project management (2 years), Relationship building (10+ years), Requirements gathering (10+ years), Excel, Waterfall, PM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/billpercoco2 Certifications/Licenses ITIL Present Additional Information KEY QUALIFICATIONS  IT Project Management • Tech Delivery Management • Requirements Gathering • Technology Evaluation • Research • Technical Management • Process Improvement • Relationship Building • LANs • ITIL