IT Release Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Release <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Release Manager - Tata Consulting Services/Citibank Frisco, TX Experienced business professional with a successful career in operation management, project management, business and research analyst, and internal audit. Competent in corporate communications with others at all levels to ensure organizational and project goals are attained. Work Experience IT Release Manager Tata Consulting Services/Citibank - Irving, TX October 2016 to Present • Open and managed release level projects for Citibank Consumer Retail Services.  • Run/document release project and testing calls • Managed release issues to closure • Facilitated release implementation calls • Managed post-implementation activities • Managed off cycle request process • Managed pre release FUT test activities • Point of contact for partner environment coordination and mitigation • Tracked validation for all projects in a release • Tracked release related INC's and Backlog items Release Manager Fannie Mae - Addison, TX October 2014 to October 2016 • Maintained and managed database applications for new processes • Managed releases of new software for vendor relations.  • Developed and implemented processes for new projects • Led communications with stakeholders regarding new software and applications • Trained vendors/partners on new processes. Project Manager Bank of America - Plano, TX July 2012 to September 2013 • Team lead position accountable for developing, implementation of new and processes and initiatives.  • Utilized business analyst tactics to triage issues identified by management, compliance, budget or regulatory audits.  • Initiated system, and department projects from conception through final implementation, including defining scope, leading steering committees, problem resolution, and collaboration with stakeholders.  • Built strategic partnerships to improve workflow, systems and organization. Operation/ Project Manager Chase Home Loans - Arlington, TX August 2009 to July 2011 • Managed a team of 15 project specialists.  • Created evaluation plan templates and streamline reports for business and technical requirement • Monitored, managed and tracked project progress against milestones, deadlines, and budget.  • Responsible for testing and maintaining environments for new and existing systems integrity. Education Associate of Science in Naturopathic Medicine Wholistic University - Atlanta, GA January 2016 Skills Excel (10+ years), ITIL (6 years), Operations (10+ years), Operations Management (10+ years), project management (7 years), Deployment (6 years), Waterfall (6 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Skills  • Agile methodology  • ITIL  • Lean Six Sigma  • Digital cloud computing  • Excel proficient    • Training and development  • Release management  • Project Management  • Operations Management