Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator - IT Direct Vernon, CT Accomplished PMP certified project manager looking to leverage 6 years of experience in project management, talent acquisition and exceptional communication and organizational skills to successfully manage projects in business and IT. Work Experience Project Coordinator IT Direct - West Hartford, CT September 2018 to Present Manage the successful initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, and closure of an average of 80+ projects at a time  ? Communicate and coordinate with clients and confirm project plans and schedules  ? Track project status and manage project execution and project schedule  ? Ensure assigned team members meet obligations according to project plan  ? Lead team members from project plan inception to close including scope changes  ? Conduct post- project review meetings after each project close and provide recommendations for improvement  ? Prepare and deliver reports including weekly forecasts and KPI metrics  ? Communicate project status on a regular basis to all impacted parties  ? Collaborate with internal stakeholders customers such as Leadership Team, Client Partners, Technical Support Team, Quality Management, Operations, Proactive Services and Cloud Services  ? Forecast internal and external resource allocation for current work and new projects  ? Manage project management tools including time tracking software (Connectwise)  ? Leading several project meetings a week  ? Ensuring projects are completed on time and under budget HR Project Manager SS&C Technologies - Windsor, CT January 2016 to August 2018 Successfully project-managed and implemented integration of 8000+ employee global HR system combining payroll, benefits, and recruitment from legacy (Taleo, ADP) and stand-alone applications to a single flexible HRIS system (Ceridian Dayforce).  ? Responsible for the overall coordination, execution and completion of projects  ? Collaborated with project stakeholders to clearly define project objectives and timelines  ? Reported budget and project status metrics to all stakeholders  ? Identified and secured resources and skills required to meet project plan and outcome  ? Assessed vendor performance and maintained positive vendor relations Project Management Consultant November 2013 to December 2015 Subject matter expert on recruitment software (ATS) and successfully planned, managed and delivered the iREC Applicant Tracking System implementation project  ? Developed project plans for assigned areas within human resources. Prepared and delivered all project communications including executive summaries, minutes of meetings, project summaries, and created presentations for project updates  ? Manage and maintain metrics and related processes for project teams and clients Virtusa Corporation - Windsor, CT 2012 to 2015 IT Recruiter October 2012 to November 2013 Oversaw hiring for large multi-million-dollar engagements and managed offshore recruitment teams. Responsible for the full life-cycle recruitment of IT professionals  ? Lead client partner for successfully managing staffing project for an $8M account requiring onboarding of 20 onsite and 30 offshore developers in a 6-month period  ? Set up bi-weekly hiring days which successfully brought about the closure of 10-15 fulltime positions per month Education M.S. in Organizational Psychology University of Hartford - West Hartford, CT 2013 B.A. in Psychology Boston University - Boston, MA 2006 Skills Ceridian, Hrms, Ms project, Ms sharepoint, Sharepoint, Oracle, Ms office, Excel, Outlook, Project Management, Scheduling, Microsoft Office