IT Freelancer <span class="hl">IT</span> Freelancer Technical Coordinator / IT Manager Rosedale, NY A dedicated, responsible and detail?oriented Information Communication Technology professional and Administrative generalist, particularly in large?scale education, manufacturing and banking industry, with prominent success in spearheading operational improvements predominantly alongside heads of departments and executive officers to drive productivity and reduce costs in support of business objectives. Excels in dynamic, demanding environments while remaining pragmatic and focused. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Freelancer SELF-EMPLOYED/UNEMPLOYED - Rosedale, NY January 2018 to Present Associate IT Project Manager Fluid AI - Kingston August 2017 to January 2018 • Organized and scheduled meetings with project stakeholders for project charter and initiation.    • Outlined project road-map for all project stakeholders using specific, measurable, attainable, relevant and timely (S.M.A.R.T) goals.    • Coordinated with the client’s internal and outsourced Information Technology teams and vendors for data gathering and sustained up-time of network, software and database services.    • Managed and measured the daily workflow and sprints of the development team using Agile methodology via daily video conferencing sessions, emails, text and phone calls.    • Maintained frequent communication with the client’s program manager, quality assurance, and user acceptance testing teams accordingly to ensure project deliverables are on target. IT Coordinator Honey Bun (1982) Limited - Kingston March 2013 to October 2015 • Improved man-hour productivity by 60% by replacing mission-critical hardware and software with modern versions.    • Facilitated business alignment and stability by establishing change management, help-desk solutions, and IT policies.    • Managed the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones.    • Managed frequent operations including minor facility management, staff training, and the development of standard operating procedures.    • Administered servers and network configurations, including asset management to track IT assets from purchase to disposal.    • Participated in strategic planning and various research efforts for business diversification and new products. IT Support Technician The Mico University - Kingston July 2009 to March 2013 • Instrumental in the delivery of over 1,200 hours of teaching and learning sessions through  the use of technology nationwide.    • Ensured that assigned systems were engineered, configured and optimized for maximum  functionality and availability.    • Implemented solutions that reduced single points of failure and improved system uptime to 90% availability.    • Drove enterprise level hardware and software installations, facilitated major system upgrades that improved network access, terminal services, and network performance.    • Resolved numerous issues by instituting best practices in system log analysis, backups,  network operations center security, user account permissions management, systems and  software auditing. Education Diploma in Information and Communication Technology Vocational Training Development Institute - Kingston 2005 to 2007 Skills IT Management (8 years), Technical Support (10+ years), IT Project Management (9 years), Customer Relations (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Training (10+ years), Active Directory (6 years), Word Processing (10+ years), Spreadsheets (10+ years), Word (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), ERP (3 years), CRM (3 years), Enterprise Software (3 years), Customer Relationship Management (3 years), Photoshop (10+ years), Premiere (10+ years), Illustrator (10+ years), Acrobat (10+ years), Adobe (10+ years), Video Editing (10+ years), Photography (10+ years), LAN (10+ years), TCP/IP (10+ years), Windows 10 (4 years), Android (4 years), Procurement (6 years), Customer Support, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Data Entry, Direct Support Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-terry-469736124 Certifications/Licenses Cisco IT Essentials Level 1 Cisco IT Essentials Level 2 Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Familiar July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fj-r5fvqgbqu-i8j Customer Focus & Orientation — Expert July 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/789jtctjcsejfoyl Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vc-fjjik25d9-f8d Front Desk Agent (Hotel) — Expert July 2019 Selecting hotel rooms based on verbal requests and identifying errors in hotel data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ntmszvgek0tw7jxp Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.