IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Nobilis Healthcare Houston, TX Experienced IT project manager seeking to bring my skillset to a new opportunity. Work Experience IT Manager Nobilis Healthcare March 2018 to Present Planning implementation and deployment of new infrastructure to be introduced into facility environments. Installing, configuring, and upgrading computer hardware, peripherals and software at the assigned facilities. Diagnosing, repairing, and maintaining hardware, peripherals, and software systems at the assigned facilities. Providing technical support to the facility staff. Performing preventative maintenance on facility IT equipment. Installing new equipment and peripherals at the assigned facilities. Training users on technology as needed. Maintaining accurate and current inventory of all technology assets. Ensures safe care to patients, adhering to policies, procedures, and standards within budgetary specifications, including time management, supply management, productivity, and accuracy of practice. Build out new Active Directory subnets and image computers as needed. Implementation of new PBX phone systems. Finds solutions to complex IT problems that are often deemed unsolvable. Primary point of contact for IT tickets that been escalated without resolve. Implementation of Infinias Access Control systems. IT Project Manager United Research Service February 2015 to March 2018 Manage IT projects from inception to completion for the IT and Real Estate portfolios; this includes maintaining budgets up to 1.5 million, planning for shipments and support for onsite implementation. In concert with the technical planning, weekly project updates are held with key stakeholders to ensure the schedules align with the plan and the expectations from all involved parties. Maintain and archive data for current and past moves. Completed large-scale IT projects using master data management. Working with vendors to establish rapport and to deliver products on time. IT Support Specialist United Research Service August 2013 to February 2015 Providing immediate interaction for the user's problem. Providing phone and in-person  support to users in the areas of e-mail, Active Directory, standard Windows desktop applications, and applications developed for specialized use. Manages IT help desk within the Baton Rouge  location and provides immediate assistance to the user. Also, handling password resets and user account creation within Active Directory. Analyzing and resolving problems related to workstations, networks, servers, and printers; performing systems analysis; designing and implementing configuration changes. I am also responsible for building and imaging computers as well as hardware & software deployment to local and remote users. I have some knowledge of Symantec Altiris deployment solutions & Symantec Backup Exec software. I am responsible for ordering and troubleshooting mobile devices in the office. Facilities Manager United Research Service January 2013 to August 2013 Responsible for day-to-day direction and coordination of facility issues for the Baton Rouge office. Warehouse and equipment management, including maintenance and repair of field equipment. Issuing building access cards and maintaining a list of current employees. Maintenance coordination, help desk administration and reporting maintenance issues. Overseeing the phone and voicemail system for the building. Ordering and troubleshooting mobile devices in the office. Coordinating with onsite security personnel to secure building logistics. Assisting IT with day to day duties including hardware deployment. Onboarding new staff including writing procedures for new staff day one and week one activities, creating active directory accounts and recording staff pictures and disseminating staff id cards. Administrative Assistant United Research Service August 2011 to January 2013 Assigning task to employees I supervise. Organizing logistics with delivery companies and delivering time sensitive packages. Scheduling maintenance and repair on all company equipment, appliances and vehicles. Managing inventory. Setting up office space and computer equipment for new employees. Iron Worker Lead Turner Industries February 2008 to December 2009 Reading blueprints to determine the appropriate coordinates for steel structures. Erecting new steel structures according to blueprints. Working in a fabrication shop to field fit and design steel pieces to fit existing structures. Planning work scheduled to coincide with incoming steel structures at the job site. Education Bachelor of Science Louisiana State University December 2012 Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Exchange, Network Administration, Vmware, Excel, IT Management, Active Directory, Citrix, Vendor Management, Cisco, VoIP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-j-jones Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS    • Strategic planner  • Problem-solver  • Construction-oriented  • Implementation specialist    • Autodidact  • Troubleshooter  • Solutions-oriented