Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Quartermaster Officer - Virginia State University Alexandria, VA ASPIRING PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL    To secure a journeyman-level position in Corporate America, or Department of Defense (DoD) to effectively utilize my undergraduate degree in Communications, and graduate degree in Project Management to improve an organization's overall performance in revenue and profit. Specifically, leverage my Project Management Institute's "Gold Standard for Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification" to assist a corporation, or DoD Agency achieve their goals IAW Cost, Schedule, and Performance objectives; for optimal program success. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager General Dynamics Information Technology - Washington, DC August 2014 to Present Responsibilities  Serving as a consultant to upper-level management, a project manager plans, coordinates, and develops comprehensive reports to improve the overall development and execution of organizational programs.   •Quantitative or qualitative analysis and evaluation of programs, and providing management with information about improving initiatives and strategic plans.   •Implements new policies, allocates needed resources and oversees the development of facilities, systems and financial budgets for the program.  •Confirms program operation by conducting tests; modifying program sequence and/or codes.  •Provides reference for use of prime and personal computers by writing and maintaining user documentation; maintaining a help desk.  •Maintains computer systems and programming guidelines by writing and updating policies and procedures.  •Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.    Accomplishments  •Keeps equipment operational by calling for repairs; following manufacturer's instructions and established procedures; evaluating new equipment.  •Protects operations by keeping information confidential.  •Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  •Develops and maintains applications and databases by evaluating client needs; analyzing requirements; developing software systems. Quartermaster Officer U.S. Army - Bolling AFB, DC December 2012 to Present Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  •Perform clerical, administrative, and program support duties as well as management of logistics operations material, personnel, data collection, document preparation, special reports and review.  •Implement the organization initiatives by developing project plans, monitoring performance of task completion according to plan, performing risk and issue management, modifying the project plan as needed. Provides guidance and policy direction in supply and equipment support for assigned units.  •Oversee the collection, accurate accounting and reporting of funds; and to collect and maintain up-to-date statistical data for planning and reporting purposes.  •Prepare logistics and support plans, deployment timeliness and budget requirements for planned or new operations.  •Evaluate program efficiency and effectiveness; interpreting the impact of regulations and policies on administrative programs. Assigns work to achieve maximum effectiveness, skill utilization, and employee morale.  •Able to lead an Platoon in a self-sufficient, highly mobile, rapidly deployable emergency response team organized and equipped to effectively manage all Federal support to a State, tribal, territorial or local government during natural disasters, acts of terrorism, or other man-made disaster.    • Graduated AIT (Advanced Individual Training) for 31B (Military Police)  • Graduated BOLC (Basic Officer Leader Course) Quartermaster Officer    Supervisor: 1LT Anderson (703) 626-6636  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes    Virginia State University  1 Hayden Dr. IT Project Manager Trinkle Hall - Petersburg, VA December 2013 to August 2014 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  •Assist in the management of IT projects from definition and planning through to completion ensuring deadlines are met and within established budget guidelines.  •Coordinates and consults on activities with the Office of Information Management for software development projects  •Prepare project documents such as project charter, cost analysis, risk assessment, agency procurement request, project organizational structure, project close-out, and project plans.  •Assist with the facilitation of information with, and providing support to IIRs, including reviewing/routing alternate procedures and amendments submitted by the IIRs to ensure they are consistent with current policy  •Monitors project team progress against time frames and deadlines identified in the project schedule, identify areas that need improvement and prepare recommendations for making changes to the project schedule when necessary  •Responsible for updating and maintaining the overall project schedule, with input from other team members. Provide the Project Management Office with periodic status information, based upon the schedule, including schedule variances.  •Maintain risks and issues tracking log and generate periodic project performance metrics, in coordination with the Project Management Office.  •Facilitate the dissemination of information to end-users and stakeholders, as part of the overall communications and change management process. Gathering situation reports, weekly reports, significant activity reports and other sources of information to ensure proper  •Assist in the development of statements of work and independent government cost estimates.    Supervisor: Greg Lewis (804) 524-1206  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes    Booze Allen Hamilton  700 N St Mary's St #700  San Antonio, TX 78205 United States Assistant Project Manager Booz Allen Hamilton March 2011 to January 2012 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  • Assisted in the management of projects related to the definition and planning of Key Management systems support the Army by ensuring report deadlines are met.  • Assisted with coordinating teleconference bridges to facilitation information flow between the government stakeholders and the supported contractor.  • Reviewed the Internal Reports (IR) to ensure local procedures and amendments was consistent with stakeholder overall policy,  • Maintained the overall project schedule, with input from other team members.  • Provided the Project Management Office with periodic status updates, based upon the schedule, including schedule variances that required stakeholders' approval.  • Maintained risks and issues tracking log and generate periodic project performance metrics, in coordination with the Project Management Office.  • Prepared documents such as project charter, cost analysis, risk assessment, agency procurement request, project organizational structure, project close-out, and project plans as it related to the success of the overall project.  • Facilitated the dissemination of information flow from and to the end-users and stakeholders, as part of the overall communications and change management process.  • Gathered, analysis and information presented from the raw study to determine if significant activity and issues require immediate attention.    Supervisor: Wayne Saunders (210) 573-4303  Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes Education Learning Tree International May 2014 Masters of Science in Project Management Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA December 2013 Bachelors of Art in Communication Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA December 2012 Skills Microsoft Office Suite (3 years), Microsoft Project (3 years), Microsoft Office (4 years), Powerpoint (5 years), Urinalysis (2 years), Logistics (4 years), Microsoft Excel (3 years) Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: 1LT June 2009 to Present Certifications/Licenses PMP - Project Management Professional November 2013 to December 2019 CAPM November 2013 to November 2018