Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator Easton, PA • Certified PMP with over 9 years of rich IT experience in the areas of Project Management, Service,  Delivery Management, IT Infrastructure Management, Team Management and Client Servicing with the  help of remote management tools, Project Management tools and ITIL Frame Work  • Proven skills in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters & motivating them to  achieve business and individual goals. Excellent communication and analytical skills with demonstrated  abilities in customer relationship management.  • Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to liaise with people at all levels.  • Successfully led and actively contributed in IT Transitions, Datacenter Migrations and EMC storage  projects.  • Hands-on experience in Risk Management, Stakeholder Management, Process Improvements and  Productivity Improvements. Focus on the delivery of work with highest professional standards, in line with  the exact requirements, deadlines and budget of the client.  • Manage all project phases, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure. Work Experience Project Coordinator Sollers College - Edison, NJ December 2018 to June 2019 Content development in decision science & information technology department.  • Assist faculty with instructional responsibilities.  • Interact with team to help them with project requirements  • Create & Design the process documents for project.  • Manage coordination among various project team members. Project Manager - IT Dell EMC - Pune, Maharashtra November 2014 to April 2017 • Successfully led the planning and structural implementation of EMC products at the customers datacenters, acting as the single point of contact for all project communication and escalations  • Led meetings to review project scope, expectations, communication plans; supervised tasks & milestone  status and availability of required resources.  • Track Project Plan, cost performance and report to the management on changes in project scope, schedule, and costs. Initiated and led periodic status meetings to review project process, issues and potential risks;  manage internal and external stakeholders.  • Successfully collaborated with finance for generating purchase orders and invoices; tracked annual spend  revenue and cost savings and communicated to stakeholders.  • Facilitated and built relationships amongst executives internally across the organization and externally with strategic vendors.    2    • Successful on-time project closeouts, coordinated reviews and sign-offs.  • Experience with managing projects of up to $ 10MM budget while working as a Program Manager for SunGard account which acts as a DR site providing EMC storage for several customers.  • Successfully completed projects related to virtualization and storage products (Recover Point, VNX, Data  Domain, Isilon, Avamar, Centera, Networker, VMAX, XtremIO, VPLEX, SRM, VIPR and ScaleIO)  adhering to PMP standards. Project Lead Tech Mahindra - Pune, Maharashtra February 2014 to October 2014 • Define scope statement, project management plan, costing & budgeting, procurement coordination, scheduling & execution of change/upgrade requests for IT Infra migration projects for a client.  • Responsible for providing RCA to the client. Modifications to scope, timeline, and cost prepared and communicated through formal Change Request in ARIES process.  • Network LAN and/or WAN network implementation and support for British Telecom Project Lead Mphasis - Pune, Maharashtra June 2008 to February 2014 Responsible for establishing and defining requirements, planning, directing, and controlling project resource  allocation, documenting requirements, and communicating requirements to the project team.  • Ensured all requirements are documented, reviewed by impacted groups, and utilized as the basis for planning and executing projects.  • Successfully provided direction to the overall project by working with the client to validate scope, vision, goals and objectives, major activities, assumptions, and deliverables.  • Facilitated open communications by being a single point of contact for Client implementation  communications. Closely worked with the client and project team to ensure that all project roles and responsibilities were documented. Obtained client sign-off on the project scope and requirements, and on the Design Proposal Summary (DPS), as needed.  • Diligently communicated all issues to the project team and managed changes to requirements through a  formal Change Management process throughout the project.  • Defined, scheduled, controlled, and adjusted all tasks for the project. Compiled input from project team to develop the project schedule.  • Successfully procured the network devices as per project requirements, raised PO, and shipped devices to client locations on time.  • Cross checked billing hours periodically to ensure the project is within budget and on schedule. Successfully  created financial change request as the project progressed, reviewed it with client and updated project  documents.  • Onsite experience in setting up a ConvaTec Banglore, Amcare Lincoln and Deeside Offices.  • Data center migration and Firewall memory upgrade projects.  • LCM (Life cycle Management) refresh project at HP Datacenters in Plano and Texas which included  identifying the devices EOL and replacing them.  • Managed Network and Voice projects for ConvaTec Account.  • Change Manager for General Motors. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology J S College of Engineering, Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra June 2003 to June 2008 Skills Change management, Risk management, Vendor management, Operations Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nishatshaikh Additional Information CORE SKILLS:  • Project Management • Change Management • Risk Management  • Operations Delivery Management • Stakeholder Management • Vendor Management  • Quality Management • Problem & Incident  Management