Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Santa Monica, CA Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Information Systems Support and Review Office - Santa Monica, CA March 2016 to Present • Manage three concurrent multi-million dollar Enterprise Cloud initiatives, fulfilling the Census Bureau's 5-year  strategic plan goal to improve data innovation.  • Utilize JIRA, Confluence, HP-ALM, and Redmine to oversee and monitor the daily progress of development teams, eliminating any roadblocks that could restrict successful delivery of functionality to end-users.  • Prepare clear and accurate status reports to brief executives weekly on system development progress using Earned  Value (EV) cost and schedule data, risks to project and individual system success, and complex technical issues.  • Respond to stakeholder change requests, anticipating and tracking their impact on dependent systems.  • Partner simultaneously with developers, architects, engineers, end-users, and stakeholders to understand, integrate, and prioritize business goals and information needs to develop and scale system requirements. Requirements Lead CEDCaP April 2015 to March 2016 Drafted and maintained more than 3,500 mission-, program-, capability-, and solution-level requirements for 13  systems within Census Enterprise Data Collection and Processing (CEDCaP), a high-risk, $550 million long-term IT  initiative that aims to bring an enterprise-wide approach to data collection and processing.  • Led and partnered with 33 system, IT support, and methodology teams through a 40-day rapid, iterative  development process modified after the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe®), helping them meet 90%+ of their  commitments that tied to requirements each Program Increment.  • Planned and executed logistics for 45 Release Train events per year (Planning Meetings, Interim Demonstrations, Final Demonstrations, Retrospectives), attended by over 200 internal/external developers and stakeholders. Project Manager Non-Response Follow-Up Branch August 2014 to April 2015 Led a weekly Non-Response Follow-Up (NRFU) 45-member team meeting, with the purpose of eliminating $5.2  billion in operational costs for the re-engineering and implementation of the 2020 Census NRFU operation.  • Recommended the use of a mobile application, over paper data collection, for the 2015 Census Test NRFU  operation after performing a cost comparison analysis, resulting in a seamless operational transition for end-users.  • Designed, executed, and managed hundreds of test cases for the NRFU user acceptance test on a short deadline  and provided guidance on the Evaluation Follow-Up operation's user acceptance testing. Business Analyst Innovation and Technology Office October 2012 to August 2014 Created a user-friendly template for employees at headquarters to effortlessly revise data capture procedures for all survey and census sponsors and provided training sessions, which resulted in decreased time updating  documents by 50%, a persistent template for staff, and recognition from leadership with an award.  • Developed and trained 48 Data Capture Processing Specialists at the National Processing Center (NPC) on all paper  data capture processes for the 2012 Economic Census. Education Bachelor of Arts in International Relations, Political Science, & Public Administration Elon University - Elon, NC May 2011 Skills SDLC, PM, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Information Technology, PM, PMP, SDLC, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Project Management, CSM, Project Management, CSM Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) Present