Job Seeker • Influence best practices while launching an Enterprise PMO to develop the best practices and tools for project and program management.  • Redesigned entire IT infrastructure and network, creating IT blueprint and centralized user authentication across an entire campus - this was the Institute's most significant investment ever, strengthening the network and achieving global access.  • Deliver strategic business solutions for Student program (SaaS) across all campuses, following a product lifecycle management process to ensure quality and operational readiness (cloud-based components).  • Developed, managed and implemented a new approach and architectural data exchange strategy needed to simplify application environment, improve data exchange agility, reduce implementation of new/replacement applications, and reduce the ongoing effort and cost to maintain data exchange channels. Work Experience Link Technology (AECOM) - Las Vegas, NV June 2019 to Present Achieved operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving issues; completing audits; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change. Provides a single point of contact for the customer to coordinate program priorities and goals. Coordinate the investigation and resolution of operational problems in conjunction with other personnel.    • DFARS Migration - Coordinate/monitor the migration of all projects with the new Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clause in its contract to a secure location. Caesar's Entertainment - Las Vegas, NV November 2018 to March 2019 The primary focus of a this role was to precise, horizontal management of the formal project requirement through the project life cycle which included detailed analysis in planning; precise documentation and client agreement; building/coordinating the team strategy to fulfill the requirements; organization and tracking of the various team members and organizations while in project execution; proper, precise and timely communications with appropriate project stakeholders; precise management of changes to the requirement through the project life cycle through final detailed completion, validation and formal project closeout.  Professional Experience (continued)  • CX3 Product Model - Coordination of testing and installation of a suite of gaming products within a Caesar's property. Ensure project funding aligns with the approved budgets in the system of records. Work with SME to determine the appropriate hardware and software needs.  • Hotel Systems Transformation - Replacing a 30-year-old Lodging Management System (LMS) with a cloud-based ERP system called Infor Hospitality Management System (HMS) and apply this new system to 36 properties. This project also included training for 4,456 team members, supervisors, and managers currently using LMS across all properties, 596 Call center employees' currently performing activities in LMS, and additional corporate groups. Blue Cross Blue Shield of LA - Baton Rouge, LA July 2018 to December 2018 Helped managed key client projects. Managed the coordination and completion of projects on time within budget and within scope. Overseen all aspects of projects. Set deadlines, assign responsibilities and monitor and summarize progress of project. Prepare reports for upper management regarding status of project. Worked directly with clients to ensure deliverables fall within the applicable scope and budget. Coordinated with other departments to ensure all aspects of each project are compatible.  • Medicare Advantage PPO Network Sharing - Network Sharing allows MA PPO members from all MA PPO Blue Plans to get in-network benefits when traveling or living in the service areas of other MA PPO Blue Plans as long as the member sees a contracted Medicare Advantage PPO provider.  • Medicare Advantage OGB - Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana OGB HMO Health Plan option for State of Louisiana employees, retirees and dependents. Project Manager Robert Half - Baton Rouge, LA March 2018 to July 2018 Assisting in planning, directing, and coordination of projects to ensure clients goals or objectives are accomplished within the prescribed time frame and funding parameters. Keeping the stakeholders and business leads engaged regarding risks, issues, strategies, timelines, and success. Assist in building the PMO process.  • Single Calendar Solution - A single calendar solution is needed for the President of the university that would pull all information from existing calendars from all departments.  • Cashiering Payment Processing System - A multifaceted payment processing solution for both in-line and on-line customers, students, alumni, departments, and community. It will allow for centralized control, payment processing, data management, research, reporting security, and auditability, while facilitating de-centralized deployment over various departments and entities that accept payments for products, services, or events.  • Campus Mapping - The scope of this project is to provide LSU students with a 3D map overlay of the campus. IT Project Manager Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana - Baton Rouge, LA April 2013 to March 2018 Actively engaged business leaders and executives regarding project deployment, strategies, timelines, issues, risks and success. Utilized PMBOK, Agile, Scrum and ITIL tools and methodologies to effectively manage the project life cycle. Maintained project and resource plans with Planview.  • Internet Web Based Inquiry - The scope of this analysis covers only Internet/Web-based self-service enquiries and EDI Transactions pertaining to the Inquiry Accuracy measure that is mentioned in the MTM and FEP Program Guidelines.  • Integration Strategy Platform - A new approach and architectural data exchange strategy is needed to simplify our application environment, improve our data exchange agility, reduce implementation of new/replacement applications, and reduce the ongoing effort and cost to maintain data exchange channels.  • Hyperion Upgrade - Company is operating on Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.2 and will upgrade to 11.1.2.4 framework, which includes changes to Hyperion application in production and development environments.  • Health Care Exchanges - (Health Care Reform/Affordable Care Act) responsible for the implementation and deployment of member enrollment and financial management solutions  • Lexis/Nexus Member SSN - Reconciliation responsible for the implementation and deployment of BCBSLA member reconciliation of 1.2 million members with Lexis/Nexus solution. Project Manager Money Management - Baton Rouge, LA September 2012 to April 2013 Review existing project artifacts, schedule and documents for completeness and application to project activities and stakeholders.  Professional Experience (continued)    • Coordinate stakeholder management activities with the user community and team.  • Coordinate with the other technology team members as to status and progress in applications programs remediation and testing.  • Perform update and overall management of the critical spreadsheet and SharePoint list that serve as the primary data management of the project.  • Follow up on incomplete tasks, addressing concerns with inaccurate information.  • Effectively managed and ensure adherence to deadlines for assigned projects.  • Provide updated tracking of application program and packages readiness.  • Coordinate monitor and audit project closings to ensure all proper documents and information are submitted on time. Application Analyst/ Project Manager Anthelio Health - Baton Rouge, LA June 2011 to September 2012 Continuously interacted with business leaders and executives regarding project deployment, strategies, timelines, issues, risks and success. Utilized Project Management tools and methodologies to effectively manage the project life cycle. Maintained project and resource plans with MS Project.  • Direct and manage project development throughout lifecycle.  • Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  • Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  • Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.  • Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project.  • Analyzes existing applications and systems to determine needed modifications and/or enhancements using a mainframe/personal computer and knowledge of the assigned systems.  • Diagnoses and corrects software applications and systems to identify and solve problems using mainframe/ personal computer hardware and software.  • Works closely with customers to gather information about application needs, objectives, functions, features, input, and output requirements.  • Analyzes, defines, and documents requirements for data, workflow, hardware and operating system environment, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks and controls, and outputs.  • Writes and maintains technical application specifications. Information Technology Administrator Shobe Financial - Baton Rouge, LA February 2010 to July 2010 Provided IT support for hardware and software applications  • Monitor and install software and software updates on PC's.  • Install peripherals: printers, speakers, and scanners on PC's.  • Call to open issues/support tickets, process and document issues with application/software representatives.  • Adding new users and permissions in Active Directory.  • Maintenance of network hardware, firewall, and Cisco VPN devices. Skills Planview, Ariba, Strategic planning, Program management, Budget management, Budget Additional Information KEY AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • United States Navy Veteran  • Department of Defense Top Secret/SCI security clearance (Inactive)  • Planview Administrator 10.0 and 11.3  • Stakeholder Management  • ServiceNow Administrator  • Ariba P2P  • Open Work Bench    • Strategic Planning & Implementation  • Leadership & Performance Improvement  • Project Management/Program Management  • Budget Management  • IT & Enterprise Management Systems  • Daptiv Administrator  • Clarity