IT Infrastructure Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Project Manager - ONE Gas Broken Arrow, OK Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Infrastructure Project Manager ONE Gas - Tulsa, OK August 2014 to Present Multiple years managing IT projects within the Infrastructure team including multi-year efforts:  o IVR redesign for information centers and critical emergency dispatch teams across three  states  o IT Infrastructure build out of new construction conference center and remote site locations  o Lead and implemented automated start up processes for Customer Service groups across three states.  o Design and implementation of process to coordinate efforts for new  applications/technologies moving into the production environment  o Annual project planning including financials and timelines for the IT infrastructure  department.  - Constant immersion into IT Infrastructure functions including network and voice infrastructure,  servers, storage, database, service management processes, client computing, and field support.  - Managed and contributed to Service Management initiative for the IT organization resulting in calculations of over 60 million dollars of IT costs.  - Managed and contributed to the redesign of the IT Project Management framework.  - Maintain regular status reporting for IT Infrastructure projects to communicate milestone  completion, risks, issues, and upcoming activities.  - Financial management and forecasting for $7.5-million-dollar Infrastructure capital budget to ensure projects are completed on budget.  - Management of project teams with various functions including telecom data and voice, server and storage infrastructure, back up and data recovery, and client technology.  - Coordination of multiple projects involving activities at remote site locations to find synergies and reduce inefficiencies.  - Experienced with Microsoft Project, OneDrive, SharePoint, and other collaboration tools. Technology Consultant Deloitte Consulting LLP - Tulsa, OK March 2012 to August 2014 Adapting to new roles as I became a part of new projects such as a providing guidance and support  for a Federal health insurance plan, managing clients and reporting for a healthcare provider,  supporting multiple internal technology tools, and managing and assisting clients with a compliance platform.  - Analyzing problems as part of a support team to determine root causes both individually and as a member of a team.  - Communicating effectively with other team members and clients both in the United States and globally.  - Recognizing successful and unsuccessful processes and discussing them with other team members  and team leadership.  - Working with multiple programs and systems that were integral to my position including Microsoft  Word/Excel/ Project/Outlook, request management tools, information databases, and Salesforce.com.  - Organizing cultural and holiday events with colleagues for the Tulsa center. Intern Deloitte Consulting LLP - Tulsa, OK June 2014 to July 2014 - Contacting constituents regarding policy issues, personal concerns, and voting information.  - Working closely with other team members to accomplish tasks and organize information.  - Maintaining professionalism as a representative of a political candidate. Education B.A. in Political Science Oklahoma State University January 2013 to December 2016 Political Science Pennsylvania State University September 2009 to June 2012