Payscout - IT Manager Payscout - <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Payscout - IT Manager - ITT Technical Institute - Sylmar Valley Village, CA ? SKILLS    Experienced IT Manager with top-notch implementation • Agile Project Management (ACP)  and agile project management abilities. Responsible for • Team leadership  entire IT infrastructure of corporate headquarters and 4 • PCI Compliance  remote offices. Hands-on manager and technical lead for • SaaS (SalesForce, Google, Microsoft, Ring  all IT-related projects. Led special projects while ensuring Central)  they met strategic business requirements and were • Cost analysis and savings  completed on time and within budget constraints. • IT Management and delivery  • Change management  Talented Leader offering 10 years of management • Distributed Ledger Technology proficient  experience across multiple disciplines. Excel in solving • Policy and Procedure Creation  complex problems and making accurate decisions based  on sound judgment and analytical strengths. Experienced  in leading large teams across multiple countries, driving  delivery of technical projects on time and on budget. Work Experience Payscout - IT Manager ITT Technical Institute - Sylmar - Sylmar, CA September 2018 to Present Associate of Science: Network &  • Manage company-wide networking and internal System Administration  technology systems. • Graduated with 4.0 GPA  • Lead and motivate a team of 15  Developers/Administrators/Support Representatives to promote collaboration and keep members on-task and  productive. Technical Project Manager Payscout - Sherman Oaks, CA May 2016 to September 2018 Managing people in an unpredictable and stressful  environment - In agile projects, project timelines are  critical. Project Manager ensures timely completion of each project sprint.  • Motivating the team to remain focused on reaching the goal. During an agile project, challenges and issues  create frustration among team members. Project  manager motivates his team members to avoid any  issues that degrade employees' performance.  • Modifying work-pressure and timelines to remain on pace - Projects are divided into several segments. The  project manager assigns tasks to individual and balances the workload.  • Communicating changes to the stakeholders - Must  establish a reliable and informative cadence to keep all  stakeholders updated on the project.  • Developing risk management plans. Identify  internal/external risks and develops risk management  plans to mitigate. IT Support Administrator Payscout - Sherman Oaks, CA July 2015 to May 2016 Maintained all company wide internal technology  systems for Company Headquarters and 4 Remote  Offices.  • Improved office operations by automating client  correspondence, record tracking and data  communications.  • Integrated logistics systems into company processes to improve operations and manage work orders and price  changes.  • Interpreted management directives to define and document administrative staff processes. Project Management Not current - Expired 2016 to 2016 2016)  improved efficiency of technological platforms.  • Created full-fledged implementation plans using Agile  Project Management techniques, accounting for ROI,  cost-benefit, acquisition costs, ideal customer profile and other analyses.  • Maintain good standing for Level 1 PCI-DSS. Working  hand in hand with Sys Admins and QSA. Account Manager Deluxe Film Services - Van Nuys, CA June 2009 to November 2014 • Managed a team of 12 Coordinators.  • Worked Closely with Studio Executives to ensure on time delivery and customer satisfaction.  • Provided extensive support in sales, technical and business areas to key accounts.  • Improved company systems to streamline employee  workload and increase efficiency.  • Motivated team members to meet and/or exceed  Deadlines/SLAs. Education Bachelor of Science ITT Technical Institute - Sylmar, CA 2015 Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-e-friedman-101982 http://www.achainofblocks.com Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Project+ Present