Enterprise Architect Enterprise Architect Enterprise Architect Newark, DE Defining solution architectures with interoperability between platforms. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Enterprise Architect AVIANCA AIRLINES - Bogotá, Cundinamarca June 2017 to Present I've been establishing standards, policies and guidelines for enterprise  architecture and solution architecture. I've been designing the AS-IS  architecture and defining the TO-BE architecture from the IT perspective for the core airline business. I've been supporting development projects with software-test factories and internal requirements, ensuring  compliance with quality standards. Information Architect Banco de Bogota - Bogotá, Cundinamarca December 2015 to June 2017 I made the analysis, organization, disposition and structuring of the data in information spaces, and of their selection and presentation in the interactive and non-interactive information systems. I adopted information management patterns based on the DAMA and BIAN frameworks. I designed the diagrams-views of information architectures and I issued concepts of data architecture, SOAP architecture, REST and IFX messaging. Business IT Project Manager DHL/ Excel Logistics - Bogotá, Cundinamarca January 2012 to April 2015 I managed technology projects complying with the triple extended restriction. I designed a solution architecture to leverage the business strategy of B2C market diversification. I implemented the billing system. SAP collections management; improving the portfolio collection process by 17%. I managed to reduce logistic costs of invoice delivery and paper expenses by 35% with the integration between electronic billing project and other legacy systems. IT Manager Compuline - Bogotá, Cundinamarca November 2011 to January 2012 I led a work-team for the development of innovation programs and projects with state-of-the-art technology in different architectures and IT platforms. I managed the customization of the SCRUM framework for software development; improving deployment times by 20%. Education MASTER'S in ARCHITECTURE of INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Universidad de los Andes - Bogotá, Cundinamarca February 2012 to March 2015 PROJECT MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST Universidad Industrial de Santander - Bucaramanga, Santander March 2007 to December 2008 Skills ENTERPRISE ARCHITECT (10+ years), SYSTEMS ENGINEER (10+ years), JAVA (6 years), ORACLE (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years) Links http://co.linkedin.com/in/albertoarizan Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master April 2019 to Present ITIL v3 February 2009 to Present Additional Information HARD SKILLS:  Processes Architecture  Cloud Computing (IaaS, PaaS & SaaS).  MEGA Hopex  Java  Oracle  SQL Server  VMWare  Enterprise Architect Tool  Fuse ESB     SOFT SKILLS:  Leadership  Empathy  Decision Making  Positive Attitude  Creativity  Collaboration