Corporate Account Manager Corporate Account <span class="hl">Manager</span> Corporate Account Manager Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Corporate Account Manager ARTUN TRAVEL - Chicago, IL January 2014 to April 2019 Responsible for planning and delivering business, leisure, academic, and group travel itineraries. Develop and maintain strong business relationships with airline companies to negotiate and secure additional discounts and favorable terms on behalf of clients. Comprise weekly sales and expense reports to track ongoing performance. Analyze client and portfolio trends to address client behavior and build action plans to maintain high retention, booking numbers, and revenue. Participate in company marketing and re-branding initiatives. Maintain contact with banks on a regular basis, oversee cashflows, and monitor account transactions.     • Managed 45 corporate accounts totaling $6m in value.   • Improved sales process by using Sabre and Microsoft CRM products.  • Increased sales revenue by 52% with the help of social media to target younger demographics.  • Created sales and expense reports.  IT Consultant TECHNO-WORLD USA - Northbrook, IL January 2013 to January 2014 Diagnosed and serviced hardware and software issues on personal and business computer. Managed daily inventory, ordered necessary supplies and software, determined priorities, and ensured adherence to project deadlines. Project Manager ACARAY January 2008 to October 2010 Liaised with college students to identify problems and implement appropriate resolutions. Prioritized urgency of problematic issues by analyzing cost, demand, and urgency. Proposed construction plans for management and government approval, while tracking ongoing status of multiple projects simultaneously. Education Master's in Business Administration Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL June 2018 to Present B.S. in Economics HITIT UNIVERSITY 2012 Skills HTML (10+ years), CSS (5 years), Sabre (6 years), Analysis (5 years), Budgeting (3 years), Expense Reports (5 years), Sales Management (5 years), SQL (3 years), Account Management, Data Entry, MS Office, Microsoft Office (10+ years), Sales, CRM, Powerpoint Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/gerry-yilmaz-3aa87392/ Certifications/Licenses Scaling operations: Linking strategy and execution Driver's License