Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Expedient Baltimore, MD A multifaceted, flexible professional with a strong technical aptitude and exceptional  communication skills. Possesses strong experience in project management, engineering  resource planning, project team coordination, and customer focused communication in a  fast-paced, high volume cloud managed services and virtualized hosting delivery department. Work Experience Project Manager Expedient - Pittsburgh, PA February 2016 to Present Baltimore, MD  ? Project Management  ? Manage a complex portfolio of projects for a broad spectrum of clients.  ? Develop project timelines and manage delivery schedules to maximise revenue  recognition and meet client timelines.  ? Leverage understanding of IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service) and Managed  Services technologies and best practices to plan and execute project  deliverables.  ? Manage large server migrations (virtual to virtual and physical to virtual) and make critical decisions ensuring successful migration execution and customer  satisfaction.  ? Manage implementation and delivery of complex cloud/ IT projects spanning  multiple virtual and/or physical environments, Disaster Recovery as a Service  (DRaaS) implementations, and multi-market virtualized environments.  ? Engineering Management  ? Coordinate engineering resources to ensure timely delivery of project  milestones.  ? Assign and manage daily tasks using Trello.  ? Coordinate time between engineering resources and customers to facilitate  server migrations, firewall migrations, Disaster Recovery implementations, troubleshooting, etc.  ? Client Communication  ? Primary point of client communication during the entire project delivery process.  ? Schedule and lead project status calls for high-impact, high-complexity, and high-visibility projects.  ? Provide best-practice insight to customers regarding product subscriptions and virtual environment setups. Technical & Operational Analyst Carnegie Robotics - Pittsburgh, PA April 2013 to February 2016 Production Planning and Management  ? Planned production of complex electronic, optical and robotic systems and components.  ? Sourced and implemented the company Manufacturing Resource Planning  system, reducing time to quote by more than half and improving inventory  tracking accuracy by 40% in the first year.  ? Used the aforementioned MRP system for resource planning, inventory control, Bill of Material management and release, and Sales Order management.  ? Created flowcharts and written procedures for company's ISO 9001:2008  Certification effort.  ? Implemented changes and improvements to the Return Materials Authorization  handling process that increased documentation accuracy and centralized the acceptance and processing of inbound RMA's to one department, down from 3.  ? Procurement/Purchasing Management  ? Procured essential materials for product manufacturing (electronics, circuit  board, camera lenses, complex machined parts, etc).  ? Conducted DFM (Design for Manufacturing) reviews with key personnel.  ? Negotiated vendor pricing and lead time to ensure continuous parts flow.  ? Negotiated preferred vendor status to ensure supply of a key component.  ? Created Purchase Orders, Justifications, Bid Requests and Purchase Requests.  ? IT Services and Asset Management  ? Managed and procured company IT assets.  ? Provided IT support to the entire company including network connectivity  troubleshooting and desktop support.  ? Maintained existing inventory of computers and equipment; responsible for all IT  onboarding for new employees. IT Recruiter Sigma Resources - Monroeville, PA October 2011 to February 2013 Identified and procured IT and programming resources to meet the needs of a major  national client  ? Interacted with all clients in order to gain a complete understanding of their desired  candidate qualifications  ? Created and maintained vendor accounts and relationships through active outreach and hierarchical contact procedures  ? Contacted and established relationships with candidates  ? Assessed project needs and created working recruitment profiles and search strategies  based on understanding of relevant technologies Education Dale Carnegie March 2019 Bachelors in Sociology in Sociology University of Mary Washington - Fredericksburg, VA May 2010 Skills ERP, MRP, DATA CENTER, VISIO, TIME MANAGEMENT Additional Information SKILLS  ? Project/time management tools such as Trello  ? Project management  ? Interpersonal communication with coworkers and customers at all levels  ? Microsoft Office suite, including Visio  ? Data center/cloud technologies and service implementations  ? ERP/MRP management and implementation  ? Customer and vendor relationship management