Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Fiserv Output Solutions Greenwood, IN Work Experience Project Manager Fiserv Output Solutions February 2016 to Present Instant Issue Program  ? Lead the Fiserv team in unison with the HID counterpart to ensure on time project delivery  ? Lead instant and central issue implementation in parallel for new clients  ? Conduct risk analysis to gage issues and avoid potential delays  ? Guide internal calls to cover concerns and help synergize the team prior to client specific kickoff calls  ? Streamline Fiserv processes to provide better project schedules and costs  ? Utilize CRM for more effective communication with internal groups and clients  ? Create and maintain risk register(s) and original workflow  ? Evaluate internal processes to find areas to improve  ? Maintain continuous awareness of schedule and cost for projects to be delivered  ? Team with the sales group to assure sales are being made within the scope limits  Central Reissue Program  ? Intake projects and allocate to appropriate resources  ? Gather and analyze data to find process improvements  ? Work with the client to find the scope, cost and schedule  ? Gate keep project intake to ensure necessary information is present  ? Perform final project check lists before billing to ensure all aspects are complete IT Project Consultant August 2015 to October 2015 Ansys  Allison Transmission - PMO Project Manager  ? Track issues, risks and resolutions  ? Develop and maintain project plans  ? Hold go/no go meetings before go live  ? Develop an understanding and applied company specific PMO standards  ? Facilitate meetings with business and clients  ? Deliver daily status updates to clients and IT Director  ? Generate lessons learned throughout the project life cycle  Chroma Flo - IT Project Coordinator  ? Track issues and resolutions for each project  ? Deliver daily status updates  ? Develop project plan with project manager  ? Work remotely with users and business around the country Release Coordinator, Amway Global Utilize HP PPM April 2014 to July 2015 Use CA Clarity to manage change requests  ? Train new employees and contractors  ? Utilize HP PPM to monitor and coordinate releases.  ? Manage and coordinate day to day activities, releases and cutover.  ? Communicate status of project through all phases to those affected.  ? Created pre-approved changes to save time outside of working hours  ? Ensure quality was consistently up to company standards  ? Work with all project stakeholders to ensure all voices are heard Application Systems Analyst Rutherford and Associates February 2014 to April 2014 Document issues and requests in the help desk software  ? Perform quality assurance testing on all Rutherford software  ? Deliver support to existing customers by investigating errors and bugs  ? Document software changes and tips on the kiwi-based documentation site  ? Propose low-impact application changes and enhancements and liaise with customers  ? Develop knowledge of all Rutherford software through training, visits and independent study IT Project Coordinator Whirlpool/IBM Contract Recast September 2013 to February 2014 Whirlpool  Whirlpool/IBM Contract Recast  ? Evaluation and improvement on Whirlpools contract with IBM  ? Help create improved contract between IBM and Whirlpool  ? Coordinate weekly meetings with groups to stay up to date on tasks  ? Provide weekly status updates on task completions, due dates and concerns  Work Intake Process Improvements  ? Improving process of projects going from a request to start date  ? Present insight on process improvements  ? Document and implement new intake process  ? Monitor first projects going through new intake  ? Provide workflow changes to new process  ? Facilitate/coordinate tasks to assist in infrastructure project management and delivery  Resource Usage Process Improvements  ? Create and document new process  ? Coordinate first live go of new process  ? Train team members on new processes  ? Interview Subject Matter Experts for their opinion of what to change  ? Create $1.2 million in savings a year by improving usage and eliminating redundancies Education Bachelors of Science in Global IT Project Management Davenport University - Grand Rapids, MI April 2019 Skills HTML, VBA, VMWARE, LINUX, SQL, Customer Service, Outlook, Word, Microsoft Project Certifications/Licenses PMP April 2018 to Present Project Management Professional from PMI