IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Ardent Health Dallas, TX More than 15 years of Project Management related experience with a focus on Analysis, IT Hosting, Data Center Operations, Project Administrative and Resource Management. Experienced in preparing RFPs and managing the proposal process. Experienced in managing client and vendor relationships. Experienced in Program Management Office (PMO) adherence. Experienced working with Change Management, database, Citrix, IIS, distributed systems and shared infrastructure. Proven ability to learn quickly and adapt to rapidly changing business situations, solving problems quickly and effectively. Work Experience IT Project Manager Ardent Health - Addison, TX October 2017 to Present • Plan, direct and manage the activities of designated applications and infrastructure projects to ensure that goals and objectives of each project are accomplished within prescribed scope, time frame and funding parameters by performing the following duties personally and/or through designated operational, applications and infrastructure subject matter experts.  • Serve as customer's immediate point of contact for all sponsored IT projects.  • Manages and maintains responsibility to deliver assigned project(s) throughout the entire project lifecycle (Initiation through Closure). Projects include infrastructure and application development.  • Develops and manages scope of work, project plans, project budgets, issue logs, resolution, status and risk to project success.  • Coordinates and manages customer steering and project team meetings.  • Works directly with the Project Sponsor to manage key stakeholders.  • Effectively orients the project team to the project approach, tasks, assignments and milestones.  • Directs and coordinates activities of project personnel to ensure project progresses on schedule and within prescribed scope and budget.  • Prepares project reports, presentations for executive management, customer, core project team or others.  • Confers with hospital departments, applications, systems, network and infrastructure subject matter experts to facilitate the resolution of technical and/or business process related issues.  • Contribute to the development and execution of the Project Management Office and associated project management methodology.  • Maintains a high level of knowledge regarding healthcare operations, healthcare IT and associated best practices. Infrastructure Project Manager nThrive - Plano, TX September 2016 to October 2017 • Ensures accuracy around project administration and project deliverables and timelines for the Enterprise Active Directory User and Workstation Migration, SFTP, and System Monitoring.  • Oversee infrastructure programs and projects in support of business-driven initiatives.  • See projects from initial concept through final implementation utilizing project management disciplines and methodologies.  • Estimate project scope and staffing while integrating resources to deliver defined project milestones, on time and within budget.  • Lead multiple projects under a coordinated program structure.  • Plan, direct and coordinate activities of infrastructure projects to ensure that goals and objectives of projects are accomplished within prescribed time frames and funding parameters.  • Manages programs (consisting of multiple, related project) with coordinated planning, management and execution that are directed toward a single objective.  • Manage server refresh moves from P2V, P2P, and V2P  • Work closely with the Senior Management to assure that project deliverables are consistent with Enterprise & Business Segment goals and objectives.  • Responsible for managing the team that develops and carries out project implementation projects.  • Monitor and report project status, issues and risks.  • Identify and resolve changes in program risk & scope. Prioritizes and tracks issues, and creates remediation plans for resolution of impediments in priority order.  • Develop mitigation plans to address identified risks.  • Advises project team, customers and staff on solutions to issues & risks.  • Reviews program team status reports to ensure compliance to schedule, budget& requirements.  • Communicates project plans, status, issues & risks accurately & consistently to project stakeholders.  • Identifies appropriate methods to report on large, complex projects & programs as distinct from smaller, less complex activities.  • Maintains project documentation in an appropriate project repository for easy access by stakeholders.  • Complies with the company's infrastructure standards.  • Complies with Project Management standards & practices to assure consistent project execution.  • Ensures that the team is fully functional and productive.  • Enables close cooperation across all roles and functions. IT Project Manager Mondelez - Dallas, TX October 2012 to September 2016 • Oversees the day to day operations of the company infrastructure and end user computing  • Manager Oracle, SQL, and IIS Farms and all migrations pertaining to them  • Manages the team directly supporting the company's (HP) Infrastructure  • Manage Oracle and SQL moves from P2V, P2P, and V2P servers to Mondelez dedicated farm  • Focus on UNIX and Wintel platforms (SQL, VMWare, Windows, Internetworking, Storage, etc) and AS/400  • Develop and implement processes, procedures and workflows for all aspects of the hosting service offering  • Supervise, train, and manage the performance of 3rd party vendors (HP, Infosys)  • Oversee companywide OS server upgrade for AIX, UNIX, and Wintel  • Managed medium to large Windows and Database refresh projects to ensure the end user proficiency  • Change Management Tower Lead approver for Hosting and EUC  • Identify inefficiencies within internal systems and processes and implement improvements where necessary  • Support project teams in the effective use of Relativity for analysis, document review and production  • Manage risks, priorities and expectations in a fast-paced, project driven environment  • Meet or exceed the service expectations of both internal and external clients  • Provide issue resolution support  • Manage the creation and distribution of operational and business reports  • Develop and enhance cooperative interdepartmental relationships and communications Americas -NA Regional Engagement Manager HCL - Frisco, TX September 2011 to October 2012 • Responsible for maintenance of the regional forecast, operational readiness, and other meetings with RPMO and customer management.  • Responsible for allocation of resources for all projects within the North America region.  • Responsible for coordinating with customer counterpart to prepare and deliver RPMO quote request via the RPMO Sharepoint portal  • Managed the delivery of all data center hardware and the proper installation and testing of it  • Oversight of application installation on all servers in the customer data center  • Tracked project issues and risks via MS Excel log  • Responsible for resource allocation to telecommunication focused projects  • Oversight of all third-party delivery engineers  • Managed infrastructure and application projects from inception to close  • Coordinate with the Center of Excellence (COE) to prepare cost estimates and submit to the Acision RPMO.  • Tracked all project financials  • Tracked all LDAP and Single Sign-on request.  • Managed application connections via ODBC and the internet  • Executed project creation using PM Smart, a portfolio management tool for internal and customer project tracking.  • Facilitate project closure activities including customer acceptance and Lessons Learned documentation.  • Manage Project Change Requests and all project documentation for the North America region.  • Maintain strategic oversight of in-flight projects within the North America region, as well as resource work load management.  • Coordinates with the GPMO for any escalations related to the regional projects and resources  • Responsible for providing weekly and monthly reporting to client Project Management counterparts and Global PMO management. Project Manager Luminant Energy - Dallas, TX January 2010 to September 2011 • Responsible for managing Enterprise wide Proof of Concepts, Application Development, and Infrastructure projects  • Managed medium to large Windows and Database refresh projects to ensure the end user proficiency  • Responsible for managing project schedules and project status  • Managed server builds and environment compatibility with desired applications  • Tracked issues and risks along with escalation and resolution within the business and with third party vendors  • Manage vendors (Capgemini and HCL)  • Managed several matrix project teams concurrently, which consisted of Third Party vendors, Business SMEs, and infrastructure and application analyst and engineers  • Oversight of voice and data build outs and moves at all power plant locations  • Represented department on Change Management and Sev 1 calls  • Oversight of the submittal and approval process for project requests with third party vendors  • Tracked all LDAP and Single Sign-on request for all LUMP applications.  • Responsible for all project documentation, review and approve statements of work and request for proposals for the Fossil, Mining, and power generation side of the business verticals  • Managed application connections via ODBC and the internet  • Actively serves as Project Lead and liaison between customers and subcontractors  • Developed working relationships within the organization and key third-party vendors to effectively manage work requests and escalations  • Assist in development of effective proposal requests and contracts  • Tracked vendor time and invoices  • Assist with budget forecast development and monthly oversight of Luminant Fossil's IT spend, including projects, licenses, support, and other areas  • Assisted in creating and implementing processes for the management of Information Technology and third-party vendors  • Stay informed of technology changes that could potentially benefit Luminant Fossil  • Proactively identify and effectively propose improvement opportunities that drive value to the business Education Business Management University of Phoenix Present Skills ORACLE, SQL, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, LDAP, REMEDY