IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Stratham, NH Project manager with experience in Securities and Banking industries. Demonstrated communication skills and experience working with business sponsors, development and testing teams. Excellent analysis, design, debugging and programming capabilities. Client focused with strong relationship building and planning skills. Ability to work autonomously or as a team player in a matrix environment. Skilled in risk management, issues management, stakeholder management and scheduling. Work Experience IT Project Manager Liberty Mutual - Dover, NH July 2014 to Present Worked with application teams to migrate legacy DB2 and WebSphere applications to Amazon Web Services. Extensive knowledge of DBaaS, ICCU, and Power platforms. Secured DBA resources and aligning AWS resources to set up Development environments and establish migration blueprint.     Migrated applications to WebSphere 8.5. Completed upgrades for Underwriting, Claims, and Product and Policy domains.     Upgraded Database servers to DBaaS platforms running DB2 LUW 10.5. Managed project from inception through deployment. Extensive planning and communication with application teams. New servers, security ID migration, MQ centralization, Batch jobs, Data connections, Informatica and Golden Gate interfaces were part of scope of work.     Designed the framework for the DB2 LUW Factory. Kicked off the initial work effort and ran daily scrum sessions with team of 10 dedicated members. Facilitated use of RTC and Agile to convert work effort into 2 week scrums and monthly infrastructure deployments. Conducted daily meetings for initial 60 days of the project. Project Delivery Manager TD Bank - Falmouth, Maine April 2013 to July 2013 Developed plan to deploy new Cisco 2960 switches to 606 stores throughout the east coast footprint. Coordinated equipment shipments, tracked capital and expense items for the project. Constant communication to Retail stakeholders. Developed run book for deployments. Coordinated outages with ATM Network, Change Management and Retail channel. Ran pilot leading to full deployment of 15 stores per evening. Tracked financial charges to facilitate inputs to General Ledger and Fixed Asset database. Attended training in TD transformation processes.    Managed migration of Linux and Windows servers with legacy applications to a new network. Project scope included new IP addresses and analysis of DNS changes. Coordinated deployments with various application owners, network engineers, Windows and Linux support, and F5 load balance team. Systems Project Manager Fidelity Institutional - Smithfield, RI November 2011 to April 2013 Developed trading functionality for a new portal for Advisors who manage 403(b) Clients, replacing the legacy system in place. (Nov 2011 through Sept 2012). Approx. budget of $2M. Three releases. On budget for all four projects.    Designed new Cost Basis tax reports for Registered Advisors. Tax reports covered Open and Closed Tax positions and realized/unrealized gains. New reports conformed to the new laws governing Cost Basis. Approx. budget of $700K.    Upgraded a file distribution/transfer process for 40,000 ad hoc users. Updated status screens and build file repository.  Project Manager in Fidelity Institutional group managing 4-5 development teams, DBAs, systems analysts, and QA/UAT testing teams across time zones in USA, Ireland, and India.    Developed project plans and timelines covering 3 development and 3 QA teams. Managed staffing and budget for project. Published project scorecard status reports and reconciled PPMC budgets, actual versus forecast versus approved.    Ran projects across the entire life cycle from initial sizing, project kickoff, requirements and design, build, QA and final deployment. Maintained issues log, risk log, status meeting minutes, and monitored milestones. Ran walk-through, problem determination, and Fusion sessions.    Technologies included Java, Oracle, DB2, Informatica, Web Focus, HP Service Center, Quality Center, Transparent Data Encryption, HTML, JavaScript, MQ, COBOL, Linux, Mainframe, CICS, HTTPS, and XML/HTTP. Education MBA in Finance UCLA - Los Angeles, CA 2000 to 2000 B.A. in Economics Claremont McKenna College - Claremont, CA 2000 to 2000 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Infrastructure Management, RUP, MS- Project, Excel project Plans, DB2, CICS, RSA, Actimize, TSO, JCL.MVS, ChangeMan, VSAM, Omegamon, DFHSM, MQ, Startool, Xpediter, BMC, Remedy, Clarity, SharePoint, SDLC, Oracle, Offshore development, production support and escalations. PMP Certification, Java, Informatica, Web Focus, HP Service Center, Quality Center, Transparent Data Encryption, HTML, JavaScript, COBOL, Linux, Mainframe, HTTPS, XML.