Inside Sales Manager Inside Sales <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMP certified Carlsbad, CA PMP Certified, Psychology Bachelor degree. 5 years in IT and 6 years of administering various cross-functional projects in a multicultural and multinational company with over 150 employees and over 200 international clients. Expert in task management, team management with competing priorities, articulates and effective communicator, decision making with great judgement, work well under pressure, self-aware, self-improving and self-disciplined. Experience in conflict resolution, planning, budget control, delegation and business process improvement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Inside Sales Manager The Vines of Mendoza - Argentina January 2016 to September 2018 Survey of international sales process, redesigned our CRM system and input process,  redesigned the sales process and legal closing process. Managed implementation of new  sales tools and providers. Managed sales internal and external communication plan including  presentations and reports to the BOD. Project Manager Resort & Spa March 2015 to January 2016 Implemented the second phase of the business ERP system integrating the finances of a second business (Resort & Spa) to the core business. Implemented the CRM into the finance,  legal and client services team to share information, as well as the integration with a third- party sales tool. Ran projects to document process of the whole business and surveyed and  implemented a new operational process for accounts receivable for over 200 clients. IT Project Manager Resort & Spa February 2013 to March 2015 Oversaw internal IT operational projects for the Resort & Spa infrastructure, including Opera and Micros implementation, building of a communication tower in the property and server  improvement projects that connected the main office 100 kilometers from the Resort & Spa. IT Project Coordinator The Vines Resort and Spa September 2012 to February 2013 Right hand of external project manager for the first phase of the ERP implementation across 8  internal teams and 2 integrations. Focused on the IT infrastructure for The Vines Resort and Spa  during the building phase, oversaw IT team and external providers. Managed external and internal teams in building 3 core business websites. Implemented two separate ticketing  systems for the client services team as well as the IT team. Education Master in Project Management Universidad Tecnologica Nacional - Mendoza April 2015 Project Management and Administration Universidad Nacional de Cuyo October 2013 BA in Psychology / December Willamette University - Salem, OR December 2011 Skills budget (Less than 1 year), Project Management (6 years), ERP (2 years), It Project Management (5 years), Business Process Improvement (2 years), Agile (1 year), Scheduling, Word, Sales, Microsoft Project, Accounting, Quickbooks, Excel Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Familiar April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ydairf6p-ofqdom1 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.