IT Project Coordinator/Technical Support Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/Technical Support Engineer IT Project Coordinator/Technical Support Engineer Yonkers, NY Work Experience IT Project Coordinator/Technical Support Engineer Nat Sherman, LLC March 2019 to July 2019 Provide remote and hands on desktop support with end users' laptop, desktop, iPad and iPhone.  ? Support Microsoft 365, which includes Outlook, Office Apps, SharePoint and One Drive.  ? Educate and teach network users and other employees on network security, policies and standards.  ? Work on Security and other IT Project Implementations with the Manager and Business Information Security Officer.  ? Work with IT staff to maintain and adhere to business continuity and disaster recovery plans.  ? Created and setup IT Helpdesk system. IT Manager RestorixHealth Inc - White Plains, NY March 2009 to April 2018 Responsible for Information Technology (" IT") infrastructure operations and support of over a 1000-user, multi-location health services management firm, with a mandate to ensure uninterrupted and reliable hardware and applications technology solutions that support and enhance the company's business practices and objectives.  ? Responsible for both tier 1 and tier 2 end-user technical support for both internal systems and vendor provided Software as a Service ("SaaS") applications.    ? Effectively manage IT skilled exempt and non-exempt employees, including staffing and staff development in your team.  ? Ensure the company is deploying appropriate software and hardware releases and that the company's IT assets are standardized across all users and platforms.  ? Ensure company is current with all software licenses and is in compliance with all manufacturer recommended application updates that apply to the company's uses of the software.  ? Project management to ensure IT related implementation tasks related to new wound care center deployments are accomplished in an effective and timely manner.  ? Manage the company's networking infrastructure to include LAN and internet access.  ? Manage the company's telecommunications requirements, including landline communication and technology links, cell phone contracts, PDA deployment, etc.  ? Manage the company's Microsoft Exchange email infrastructure to include email account and policy management.  ? Support client applications such as Outlook and OWA.  ? Provide development support for the public web site to include making basic HTML changes. Education B.S. degree in Information Science & Systems in Information Science & Systems Morgan State University Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, EXCHANGE, MS EXCHANGE SERVER 5.5, ANDROID, IPHONE Additional Information Operating Systems: MS Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 10 Workstations, MS Windows  Server 4.0- 2012    Software: Active Directory, MS Exchange Server 5.5-2007, BitDefender, Salesforce, Dell Sonicwall Windows Terminal Server, RDP, WoundDocs, Office 365, SAManage, Airwatch, VMWare, MModal, Adobe Acrobat, Teamviewer, WebEx. 8x8 Phone systems. Armor Managed Service, ManageEngine Service Desk Plus. ManageEngine Patch Management    Databases: Microsoft Dynamics GP, Budget Maestro, Spreadsheet Server,  SQL Server.    Hardware: Dell Desktops, Laptops and Servers. Lenovo Desktops and Laptops. Xerox Multifunction Printers, Ricoh Scanner and Printers, Hewlett Packard LaserJet Printers. Android Phones, IPhone, Blackberry, Tablets, and IPads.