OIT Project Manager OIT <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> OIT Project Manager - State of Colorado Aurora, CO ? Experienced professional with an M.S. degree in Organizational Development and expertise in IT Project Management and Project Coordination.  ? Experience in maintaining collaborative relationships between PMO, Contract Purchases, IT Leadership, Network Engineers, Department managers, Change Management, Human Resources, Vendor Management and Security personnel  ? Experienced in working with IT Portfolio Managers, creating budget tracking documentation and creating a process to capture actuals spent to date in both CAP and OP expenditures  ? Experience includes organizing project documentation using Google Drive, organizing project document requirements within Clarity PPM (CA PPM 15.0) for PMO office. Working with respective SME's to create project timelines, tasks, milestones, budget, implementation, architecture, security and procurement plans Work Experience OIT Project Manager State of Colorado - Denver, CO January 2019 to Present Assigned to a variety of small, medium to complex IT projects. Build out of floors, network infrastructure, upgrade applications, application development, server migrations, firewall upgrades, data migration and other IT projects  ? Review project vision with Stakeholders in order to deliver on time, within budget, quality projects  ? Create a work breakdown structure to create manageable timelines, milestones, tasks and action items  ? Assign resources, assign their tasks and action items  ? Manage budgets, research costs for devices or services, request quotes, create SOW's, PO's and Change Orders, reconcile invoices to budget follow up issues  ? Manage risks and issues, mitigate and escalate as necessary to Stakeholders  ? Develop collaborative relationships with Stakeholders, vendors, project teams and PMO  ? Report to IT Portfolio Manager and Program Manager. Work with Project Management Office (PMO) using CA PPM 15.0 for managing timelines and creating weekly status reports  ? Work tools used Google Drive, MS Office Suite, Trello for Agile Methodology, Testing, UAT and Service Now for tracking tickets and Change Orders  ? Agile Methodology for project management Jr. Project Manager Catholic Health Initiatives - Englewood, CO April 2018 to June 2018 Prioritized and managed multiple IT network infrastructure projects that were moderate to complex in nature. Approximately $15M budget  ? (WDB) WAN Distribution Block Project  ? Firewall Migration Project  ? National WAN Upgrade  ? Skype Upgrade Project and  ? Prime Infrastructure Project (software upgrade) are among the projects worked with Cisco as vendor.  ? Reviewed Network Implementation procedures to plan and implement change for the business using Service Now application  ? Worked with Change Management and Project Management leadership to create extensive changes within network and datacenters  ? Assigned resources and provided a variety of accesses to end of life devices, IPS, VPN concentrators, security accesses to Cisco contractors using Workday, TAGS and working with Human Resources  ? Monitored budget, timelines, action items, dependencies with other projects within CHI IT Stability projects  ? Procurement/ordering of Cisco hardware, cables, and other devices  ? Processed purchase orders, invoices, shipments. Scheduled travel arrangements using Concur and scheduled meetings using Outlook, WebEx.  ? Collateral relationships included PMO, Contract Purchases, IT Leadership, Network Engineers and Department managers, Change Management, Human Resources and Security personnel  ? Prioritized deadlines, tasks, action items. Managed risks and issues and escalated as needed  ? Tracked inventory of ASA's, PAN's, switches, routers, UPS, cables and other hardware for approximately 25 sites and 8 projects  ? Created project plans using MS Project and Excel  ? Reported project status updates to business leadership, PMO and Program Managers Jr. Project Manager State of Colorado - Denver, CO October 2017 to March 2018 Supporting an application upgrade for an $8.5M CHATS Modernization project for the State of Colorado, project has been in process since June 2016, vendor is Deloitte. Worked with (AWS) Amazon Web Services for cloud storage and Salesforce architecture for user interface  ? Organized project documentation using Google Drive, organized project document requirements within Clarity PPM (CA PPM 15.0) for PMO office. Working with respective SME's created project, implementation, architecture, system security and procurement plans.  ? Weekly status updates and written reports for Stakeholders and Executive Leadership within Clarity and Google Drive  ? Working with IT Portfolio Manager, created budget tracking documentation and created a process for capturing actuals spent to date in both CAP and OP expenditures  ? Provided a variety of accesses to State applications and networks to local and offshore resources for both OIT and CDHS departments  ? Tracked risk and issues log, escalated as needed to PM and IT Portfolio Manager Program Coordinator Catholic Health Initiatives - Englewood, CO February 2017 to August 2017 Supported a $25M ITS Program that included 15 from moderate to complex IT projects. A time of great change for this organization and its personnel, operational structure and daily processes. Performed dual roles as a program coordinator and business analyst  ? Researched and documented existing financial business processes and created new possible scenarios that included PM's developing their projects' financial variance analysis, forecasts and budgets  ? Tracked all incoming quotes for all projects and followed through to accounts payable/invoicing  ? Assisted in creating initial project plans using MS Project and Excel. Monitored and tracked progress of schedules, milestones and action items, tracked all incoming requests for quotes and P.O.'s  ? Used Visio to create flow charts of CHI's infrastructure and networks as part of the Change Control process, also created flow charts for Vendor Management, Procurement, Purchase Order and Invoice tracking  ? SharePoint owner of ITS Program site and all its artifacts provided access as needed  ? On-boarded and provided accesses to CHI applications and CHI's network devices to 300 Cisco, Unisys and HCL contractors  ? Used Skype, Lync, WebEx applications for meetings and communicating, Lawson and WebNow for budget and milestone tracking, Clarity for PMO timesheets and project tracking and reporting, IT Service Now and Remedy for change management, transitioned to CPR tool for change management and all professional services and procurements of $75K or more  ? Discovered and gathered inventory of 19,000+ network devices for each region (7 regions) such as firewalls, servers, switches, routers and load balancers. Discovered a major dependency of needing a WAN distribution block before major upgrades could be implemented  ? Created cadences of monthly, bi-weekly and weekly meetings that included Steering committee, vendor, internal CHI and ad hoc meetings as needed  ? By interviewing CIO, Directors, PM's and project leads developed a structure/format for the new steering committee  ? Reliable, entrepreneurial, great organizational, information gathering, interviewing and problem-solving skills  ? Tracked, monitored and followed-up with Risk and Issues logs escalated as needed  ? Daily stand up meetings: Using Agile methodology Project Manager NGL Water Solutions - Denver, CO July 2015 to September 2016 Managed ongoing projects for a small but rapidly growing Salt Water Disposal company. Opened new sites by designing, planning and coordinating their IT infrastructure and front-end equipment to remote sites in Texas, Colorado and North Dakota  ? Procurement and tracking of equipment  ? Information gathering of current infrastructure for manned and unmanned sites, brainstorming and researching new approaches to connectivity, out of the box answers to troubled sites  ? Created project plans for small but complex projects, tracked and monitored progress, reported to department manager and Sr. VP as needed  ? Communicated with all areas of the IT department and provided them with project plans, status updates, updated documents and followed up with other departments to assure that they were on task, budget and on time  ? Monitored project risks and issues and escalated as needed. Kept track of parking lot items and brought them on board when appropriate  ? Scheduled meetings provided meeting minutes and followed up with action items  ? Worked with finance to create budgets, assign budgets to the correct product and service, and approved invoices for $500K or more budgets.  ? Tracked spending through accounts payable and the use of financial tools to ensure accuracy  ? As time permitted researched and discovered unnecessary spending such as internet services to sites no longer open for business, deactivating several telephone and cell phone lines, total $5.5 million in annual savings  ? In charge of ATT and Verizon cell phone and device accounts that included 250 cell phone lines, monitored, added and deactivate lines as needed and met with sales representatives  ? Used Excel, Word, Power Point and MS Project  ? Researched products created training documents and trained personnel as needed  ? Interviewed, trained and supervised 7 direct reports IT Project Coordinator Summit Utilities - Littleton, CO November 2014 to July 2015 Six-million-dollar ERP software implementation project for a natural gas company. Worked in all areas of their business to bring about a quality IT implementation project to their financial, work management/operations/procurement and customer service work-streams that also included remote desktop and mobile work applications  ? Point of contact for PMO and support for vendor PM's, consultants, business analysts, change manager, technical trainer, testers, system administrator, vendor application specialists, contractors as well as C-Level stakeholders and project manager  ? Created a variety of reports that assisted in analysis of project progress, timelines, risks and issues and created flow charts as needed  ? Updated project progress as needed using MS Project and excel, monitored incidents and risks to prevent issues using JIRA application  ? Reviewed, updated and requested approvals for PMO documentation, reviewed change orders for accuracy, monitored and reviewed timesheets for Vendor staff and assigned to correct budgets. Attained status updates from testers, projects lead, vendor PM's, application specialists, stakeholders and project manager  ? Scheduled meetings, assisted in executive, financial and project steering meetings, meeting minutes, created slide decks and agendas. Created and prioritized action items and followed up directly with individuals  ? Managed seven data conversions with the eighth being go-live. Patches and updates as needed to complete project to customer satisfaction  ? Lead daily stand up meetings, used Agile methodology for project Project Coordinator MoneyGram International - Lakewood, CO August 2014 to October 2014 Worked with stakeholders, PM's and Program Manager by updating project plan using MS Project  ? Point of contact for PMO and all related issues and activities relating to closing and relocating Lakewood facility to Poland and Texas  ? Called out decisions to project leads and follow up on questions and concerns, monitored risks and issues  ? Meeting minutes; created status reports for travel, IT infrastructure milestones, training and human resources as well as other weekly project and program communications  ? Verified and coordinated necessary documentation for employees and their international travel, such as passports, corporate credit card applications and expense reporting  ? Created a process (SOP) for new travelers  ? Coordinated and facilitate Steering, Program and Project meetings using WebEx, phone and audio-visual equipment. Documented, distributed meeting notes, decisions, and updates from contributing project members.  ? Filed, organized and stored all project artifacts  ? Assisted with any ad hoc requests from stakeholders Project Coordinator Sports Authority - Englewood, CO February 2014 to June 2014 As a project coordinator was responsible for overseeing infrastructure and front-end devices for 35 store remodels and new stores per quarter  ? Supervised and supported 6 Technicians who were responsible for troubleshooting and resolving devices' hardware, software, IP addresses, connectivity and other issues within stores as well as installation and configuration of devices for all New and remodeled Sports Authority retail stores  ? Worked closely and assisted Construction Project Managers by keeping timelines, quality, budget and deliverables to project plans  ? Created timeline and schedules for POTS, Networking, MDF, IDF's, POS/registers, Wi-Fi and AP's, iPod and iPads, Kiosks, Printers etc.  ? Created spreadsheets for vendors to use as a timeline for all IT related devices  ? Worked with one other PC to track and monitor $10M annual budget  ? Attended initial store project scope meetings, weekly project meetings and addressed issues, escalated as needed Updated project teams on upcoming timelines and deliverables  ? Coordinated with Construction project managers to ensure on-time scheduling of a variety of vendors such as AT&T, Cisco, Low Voltage Electricians, Network Engineers and other collateral vendors Project Coordinator Comcast/NBC Universal - Centennial, CO October 2013 to February 2014 Contract position for a short-term conversion project in (VOD) Video on Demand department. Task was to exchange Arris firewalls to more robust Juniper firewalls to 235 customer sites. Provided administrative support by keeping meeting minutes, creating and updating vendor contact information, relationship management with third party vendors  ? Scheduled, coordinated, organized and facilitated project meetings  ? Scheduled appointments with 235 Comcast Cable clients for install, conversion/cutover process  ? Provided progress updates to Network Engineers, Project Managers, Sales and Marketing and Program Manager  ? Used Excel, created project timelines, assigned resources, tasks, tracked IP addresses, catcher ID's, uploaded software and bandwidth information. Used SharePoint to decimate project information  ? Used JIRA to track risk and issues and HipChat for effective communication  ? Created shipping schedule, tracked serial numbers for devices shipped, tracked deliveries and returns  ? Followed up with issues and escalated to Project and Program Manager if necessary  ? Interviewed, reviewed install and conversion/cutover process with 2 technicians, provided support and direction as needed Project Coordinator Broadridge Financial Solutions - Wheat Ridge, CO April 2013 to August 2013 Provided administrative support to project manager(s) and management  ? Compiled/created a variety of daily reports for distribution, ran queries relating to back office processes in financial industry, coordinated 14-17 projects by creating relevant formats for reporting and updating project timelines and milestones  ? Assisted Project Leads in Operations, Infrastructure, Testing, Development and Implementation/Integration departments. Updated Conversion Projects. Tracked all Tech Services and Project Calendars in SharePoint.  ? Assisted in scheduling SAN/OS Upgrades, Conversion Projects based on resources and client priority. Assisted with logistics for arranging distributed teams with meetings  ? Organized, prepared and ran meetings for Architecture team, meeting minutes, distributed to relevant individuals, forwarded to Senior Directors and VP  ? Followed up with Project Leads regarding action items still pending, tracked project hours to correct budgets, tracked project progress and major milestones  ? Created initial work orders for incoming projects and change orders through Remedy ticket, extensive use of Excel & SharePoint, some use of MS Project and MS Access Education M.S. Organizational Psychology Walden University - Minneapolis, MN January 2010 B.S. in Psychology University of La Verne - Los Angeles, CA May 1995 Skills Change management, Security, Budget, Budget management, Organizational change, Cpr, Scrum Master, SDLC Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/rosieaguilar Additional Information Skills:  ? Strong Leadership/Interpersonal skills  ? Organizational Change Management skills  ? Influencer, negotiator, facilitator, coordinator  ? Resources, Vendor and Budget Management  ? Change Management tools: Service Now and CPR  ? Network Infrastructure, Applications, Software, Security  ? Clarity PPM, Service Now/Change Management