Project Support Officer <span class="hl">Project</span> Support Officer Project Support Officer Daytona Beach, FL Dynamic pilot seeking new challenges and opportunities for professional growth and advancement.  Bringing knowledge of aviation and willingness to work flexible schedule. Proven success in producing  high quality content and fostering relationships with clients to align creative objectives and advance  production standards. A tactical team builder and strategic planner seeking to leverage background into  an outside sales representative role with Nucor Corporation. Work Experience Project Support Officer RCS Consulting January 2017 to September 2018 Participated in the day to day running and support of the Project Management Office.    Update and maintenance of RAID logs and processes.    Co-ordination of change control process.    Produced and maintained all necessary project documentation, procedures and systems to agreed  corporate standards thereby ensuring compliance.    Responsible for following up on all action point listed within the highlight meeting minutes and risk or issue reports.    Point of contact on all programmed related issues, resolving and escalating as appropriate. Facilitated  meetings, produced clear meeting objectives, acted as secretariat, and distributed minutes/actions to attendees.    Facilitation of weekly, monthly status reporting activities, and co-ordination of steering Committee/pack.  Located and secured substitute musicians for absences. fueler January 2016 to July 2017 Keeping records of fuel slip for each day.    Fuelling aircraft with inoperative gauges.    fuelling of aircraft in both manual and automatic mode B787, B777, B767, B757, B747, B737, B717, A319, A320, A330, A380, ATR, DASH 8, MD88, ETC.    Service aircraft for Delta, BA, Virgin Atlantic, American airline, united airline, spirit airline, sliver airways, Lufthansa, Thomas cook, sun county, sun wing, air Canada, Copa, Aero Mexico, etc.    Completed and submit all documentation associated with fueling activities.    Fueled aircraft efficiently to reduce aircraft downtime and boost cycle times in order to maximize    on-time departure rate. PMO Analyst AccessChange LTD May 2012 to December 2013 PMO Analyst    Regularly monitoring project timetable, risk register, issue log, lesson learned log and budget. Assisting in the compilation of Project Management Monthly progress report.    Updating and maintaining the project plan regularly and monitoring performance against the plan and report on exceptions.    Collating monthly highlight reports, consolidating and disseminating to all team members and stakeholders.    Accountable for managing Issues and Risks for the project.    Librarian on all Project Documentation.    Accountable for facilitating meetings and logging actions.    Managing and updating change requests for the project.    Managed quality control and maintained high customer satisfaction.    Adhered to all applicable regulations, policies and procedures for health, safety and environmental  compliance.    Supervised team of six skilled TIG and MIG welders, helping fabricate weldments to dimensional  tolerances.    Started machine operations by inserting control instructions into control units. IT Project Officer Nigerian National Petroleum Company March 2011 to June 2012 Coordinating IT Change request.    Accountable for managing project issues and risks. Liaising with suppliers and coordinating project tasks.    Keeping records and maintenance of systems. Installation and updating of software's.    Installation and updating of Operation systems.    Troubleshooting of computer systems Hobbies Traveling, reading and working with children.    Scheduled staff for optimal coverage to meet challenging daily objectives.    Actively suggested operational improvements to enhance quality, improve production times and reduce  costs.    Maintained clean and organized work areas manager February 2007 to December 2011 Assisted guests with gas pumping and payment.    Prepared daily records of food and gas sales and balanced register drawers.    Checked gas dispensers for leaks or malfunctions and repaired faults.    Restocked food and beverage area.    Tracked inventory and reordered items.    Ensured proper age of customers for alcohol and cigarettes.    Attended to gas spills and accidents promptly and according to established guidelines.    Refilled outdoor window maintenance stations.    Processed gas and amenities payments.    Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.    Completed diverse tasks on daily basis to serve customer needs, including processing and issuing money  orders, managing returns and exchanges, and logging daily shipments. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Information Technology Bowen University - Daytona Beach, FL 2013 to 2014 WACE & NECO Smith International Baptist Academy 2003 to 2006 Skills Project lifecycle, Time management, Auditing, Excellent communication skills, Organizational skills, Team player, Training, Business requirements Additional Information Good understanding of project lifecycle. Ability to stay focused, work under pressure and deliver results.    Excellent team player with good co-ordination skills.    Ability to produce realistic plans to meet business requirements.    Strong interpersonal and organizational skills. Excellent time management, interpersonal and organization  skills.    Ability to implement Project Office Procedures. Skills in strategic and operational management.    Flexibility, adaptability and willingness to learn new skills.    Excellent communication skills include presentation and written communication.    Time management skills Results-oriented.    Contract auditing.    Quick learner.    Training and development.