Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - Compass Group Los Angeles, CA A highly self-motivated professional with a solid work ethic, described as efficient, analytical and detail-oriented. I have over ten years of experience in customer service, operations and leadership. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager Compass Group - Charlotte, NC February 2019 to Present ? Define project scope and deliverables.  ? Lead discovery and solutioning sessions with key stakeholders in order to develop and execute project plans. Document and analyze information and processes in order to identify and manage risk throughout the project life cycle.  ? Create and maintain project documentation including stakeholder status reports, project plans and presentations for cross-functional teams.  ? Currently leading the testing and deployment of a Windows/O365 rollout as well as a network implementation project for over 30 Canteen branch locations. Associate IT Project Manager CompuCom Systems Inc. - Fort Mill, SC August 2018 to February 2019 ? Lead internal follow-up meetings with key stakeholders to monitor and control projects.  ? Ensure project deliverables are completed according to deadlines and specifications.  ? Collect and review requirements and documentation for accuracy, planning, and creation of project plans.  ? Lead the successful implementation of MSP plans for over 30 SMB clients. Sr. Project Coordinator CompuCom Systems Inc - Fort Mill, SC July 2016 to August 2018 ? Train and delegate new projects and tasks to Associate Coordinators. Assign, schedule, coordinate and track project tickets throughout the project life cycle.  ? Participate in internal follow-up meetings with stakeholders to monitor and control projects.  ? Work with three Project Managers coordinating between 20 and 40 projects at a time.  ? Review SOW's and contracts for accuracy and planning.  ? Become acting Project Manager when the PM's are out of office.  ? Create, schedule, manage and monitor all open and closed tickets for in-store and onsite service requests. Client Engagement Manager CompuCom Systems Inc - Charlotte, NC August 2015 to July 2016 ? Managed the largest of 18 IT service centers.  ? Managed Sales Reps and Technicians including schedules, delegation of tasks, team meetings and coaching sessions.  ? Acted as the liaison between the client and the Solutions Team.  ? Managed the relationship with the SMB clients utilizing ConnectWise and SalesForce.  ? Work closely with top executives including Regional Managers, VPs and CEO to cover sales goals and marketing strategies. Marketing Manager Crossroads Automotive Group - Indian Trail, NC May 2012 to August 2015 ? Oversaw Marketing Coordinator and Graphic Designer for completion and accuracy of all projects.  ? Led the implementation project of an upgrade program to generate additional sales from service departments and rolled  out to 19 dealerships.  ? Worked closely with top executives and owners to develop marketing strategies.  ? Created and managed reports for all marketing and advertising analytics.  ? Also held previous roles which included overseeing the onboarding, training, and scheduling of all office and sales new hires.  ? Developed and implemented the after-sale customer satisfaction and follow-up process. Managed inventory data entry. Education High school or equivalent Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Visio, Jira, Clarify, Amdocs, Mapping, Documentation, Kanban, Product implementation, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Publisher, Business cases, Process improvement, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 July 2018 to Present ITIL is a set of detailed practices for IT service management that focuses on aligning IT services with the needs of business. Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt August 2019 to Present Lean Six Sigma is a method that relies on a collaborative team effort to improve process performance by systematically removing waste and reducing variation. Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  Project Management  - Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban, Road Mapping, Product Implementation, Acquisitions, Infrastructure Integrations, Client  Engagement, Jira, Confluence, Trello, Sharepoint  Documentation  - Project Charters, Status Reporting, Risk Analyst, Test Cases, Business Cases, BRD, FRD, G-Suite, Microsoft Suite(Word,  Excel, Visio, Powerpoint, Publisher, Outlook, SharePoint, OneDrive, Project, Teams)  Project Skills  - MS Project, ConnectWise, SalesForce, Amdocs(Clarify & ClearVision), iMagicLab, Reynolds & Reynolds(DMS), IT Service  Management, Process Improvement