Technical Consultant/Senior Developer Technical Consultant/Senior Developer IT Manager Suwanee, GA To acquire the position of IT leadership in providing guidance to the organization aligning IT with business objectives and goals. Proven track records in ERP project delivery from enterprise to small and medium size business environments with functional and technical expertise. Deep understanding of enterprise systems, platforms, and IT infrastructures. Experience in IT team leadership, IT service management, network and security, AWS, Google business suites, and Agile methodology. Work Experience Technical Consultant/Senior Developer Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas - Norcross, GA November 2018 to Present Prime resource in data migration from Postgres, Oracle to SAP. Facilitates project planning, scheduling by monitoring progress, UAT and arising risks.  • Designed data mapping and wrote migration script in Talend with profound understanding in the business process as well as SAP sales & procurement process.  • Realigned project planning, scheduling and risk management in an integrated change control perspective and achieved customer satisfaction with successful transition.  • Modeled data across heterogeneous data sources including Oracle, Postgres, and Flat files using SQL/PLSQL, Talend. Senior Consultant Hyundai Construction Equipment (HCE) 2017 to 2017 Transferred back to headquarters after 3.5 years assignment in HCEA. Collaborated in enterprise architecture redesign and business process re-engineering. Performed global operation support for overseas subsidiaries.  • Collaborated with team in business process reengineering and designing new enterprise architecture that produced SAP blueprint value of $30+ million.  • Administered seamless integration with overseas subsidiaries for master data and transactional data exchange using Oracle technology - using PL/SQL modules comprising Stored Procedures, Packages, Triggers and Materialized views. IT Manager Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas - Norcross, GA 2016 to 2017 Planned and managed IT projects, solution development from concept to implementation. Initiated and drove EDI integration with customers and vendors. Performed Agile practice using Rally, Git.  • Achieved project objectives, ensuring completion in a timely and cost-effective manner.  • Led cross-functional teams of technical experts closely or remotely in Agile practice.  • Coordinated to take functional requirements and convert them to technical specifications passed to developers using Rally.  • Performed CERES, WMS enhancement extensively using PL/SQL modules comprising of Stored Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Materialized views, and performance tuning. Hands-on Project Manager / IT Manager Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas - Norcross, GA 2015 to 2015 Completed Odoo ERP with budget of $650K. Built-up team, executed the project, delivered Odoo integrating with legacy systems while managing resource, budget, schedule in balance.  • Created, executed, and documented integration plan for legacy systems including Odoo ERP, CERES, WMS, and SAP.  • Developed and executed migration designing staging database in Oracle into Postgres, writing PL/SQL script for extraction, collaborating with Talend team for transfer and load.  • Planned, executed cut-over leading the hybrid-team across the systems IT Manager Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas - Norcross, GA 2014 to 2014 Transferred from HHI for IT team empowerment. Executed process analysis and initiated the new ERP implementation project plan.  • Researched and planned ERP replacement aiming Open Source technology. Got approval of stakeholders of the project budget.  • Performed CERES, WMS enhancement using PL/SQL modules comprising Stored Procedures, Packages, Triggers, Materialized Views, performance tuning. Global IT Support Manager Hyundai Heavy Industries(HHI) 2012 to 2013 Rolled out in-house WMS solution to Hyundai Atlanta(HCEA), Hyundai Belgium(HHIE), completed the project within time and budget. Process localization applied where necessary and available.  • Established policies and procedures for overseas subsidiaries.  • Identified subsidiary's requirements, performed gap-fit analysis, delivered WMS with process localization where required.  • Completed ERP integration, documented the changes and addressed user concerns.  • Performed SAP production support for India & China subsidiaries. SD Consultant Hyundai Heavy Industries(HHI) 2010 to 2011 Delivered SAP ECC 6.0 to Hyundai Shandong, China. Continued production support after 6 months project delivery.  • Identified and configured the system for requirement from order to cash.  • Resolved SD issues related with legacy system integration, cost for consignment (VC material).  • Involved in one complete life cycle implementation and production support. SD Analyst Hyundai Heavy Industries(HHI) 2008 to 2009 Delivered SAP ECC 6.0 to Hyundai Pune, India. Implementation completed in 6 months and performed operation support thereafter.  • Documented test cases, managed changes and addressed legacy system integration.  • Trained users, prepared training materials, prepared guidelines, assisted users and staffs.  • Configured for export sales in operation support providing custom report for customs purpose. IT Analyst / Manager Hyundai Heavy Industries Europe - Geel, BE 2004 to 2007 Evaluated business needs and streamlined process across the business areas for sales, customer service, warehouse, finance. Planned and executed project. Managed vendors, contracts, and outsourced IT functions. Served as a sole database developer for Oracle creating custom scripts and stored procedures. Education BE in Computer Science University of Ulsan Master's in Mechatronics/ IT University of Ulsan - Ulsan, South Korea Skills ERP, ITSM, Networking, Project Planning, Project Management, Budget Development, Network Security, Firewalls, Database Development, SAP, Oracle, PostgresSQL, Tableau, AIX, Linux, Windows Server 2008, IT Management, Vendor Management, Network Administration, Customer Service Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jmk0913 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP)