IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director IT Director Austin, TX Experienced in the IT industry leading the planning, analysis, maintenance and implementation of various enterprise technologies across different corporations such as Healthcare, Retail, Engineering, Automobile, and Sales.     As an IT Professional for the past 9 years, my extensive amount of experience has given me to provision overall corporate strategic goals. Also, it lets me utilize my technical and management skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance within the organization. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Director HealthQuest Laboratories August 2018 to Present IT Organization Leadership:  • Provide vision and direction for enterprise IT initiatives  • Responsible for IT road-map, architecture designs, and technology purchases  • Responsible for IT security with strategic solutions for data safety  • Deep passion in building/leading technical solutions  • ERP solutions for the organization  • IT Governance & Control - FDA, SOX, HIPAA & COLA/CLIA Compliance    Technology Focus:  • Enterprise Application Integration  • LIMS Implementation & Instrument Interface for all major and managed Labs  • Data Center & Cloud Co-location Build-out  • EMR Implementation & Integration  • CRM / Contact Center Integration for Billing department  • Odoo ERP system integration for all major and managed labs IT Manager Vedanta Laboratories - San Clemente, CA November 2015 to July 2018 Leadership Focus:  • Lead technology implementation adapting Agile PM methodology  • Manage enterprise applications, EMR, LIMS, Inventory Management System, and Billing  • Train and oversee an international team of Technical Officers on the day-to-day business workflow, maintain IT support, daily clinical reports, timely reports for laboratory testing results, and ensure all patient data is uploaded properly.  • Manage and developed an off-shore team for a custom-developed healthcare ERP/CRM application for Vedanta. Designed a custom EMR and an E-Labs module to produce all patient clinical orders (bi-directional) to ensure all results are shared with our medical providers.  • Manage a team of Health Level-7 (HL7) experts in India to ensure orders and results are properly maintained and flow through the clinical applications and billing systems.    Technology Focus:  • Conduct performance checks to ensure all clinical laboratory instruments and equipment are operational, properly calibrated and maintained.  • Provide technical oversight of QC/QA/QI lab systems to ensure compliance with COLA/CLIA, the State of California and other applicable regulatory organizations.  • Design a 24/7 helpdesk support operation utilizing offshore resources from India.  • Deliver solutions from both on-premise server platforms and infrastructures in the Cloud.  • Assist the System Administrator to stand up a Failover, high availability and redundancy-based Data Center with Cisco network gears. Hardware setup includes: Cisco routers, ASA Firewalls, Fabric Interconnects, Cisco Nexus switches, Cisco Chassis/Domain controllers, & Blade Servers.  • Manage Backup/Recovery and Storage Solution for ePHI/PHI using EMC's Storage VNX 5200, DD2500, VDP server and Symantec Backup Exec application.  • Successfully implemented Data Center to sustain network and security, secure ePHI/PHI for HIPAA compliance, facilitate use of Neurobic and Cog-test servers, 25+ VM's, HL7 Mirth Engine and AWS. IT Project Manager Vedanta Laboratories - San Clemente, CA November 2015 to July 2018 Leadership Focus:  • Lead technology implementation adapting Agile PM methodology for all enterprise projects.  • Managing multiple enterprise application for Sovereign Health and identifying/determining the best strategic goal for the business. Enterprise applications include: Sigmund EMR, KIPU EMR, Call Tracking Metrics, Salesforce CRM, RX30 Pharmacy Management System, and Medisoft Billing System.  • Managing multiple custom-developed ERP applications to ensure the profitability for the Rehab center, Laboratory and the Pharmacy business.  • Oversee U.S. and India helpdesk teams to ensure end-users receive proper assistance and support for applications. Train helpdesk on clinical enterprise application to support all staff when technical issues arise.  • Travel to office based in India to train IT helpdesk and clinical staff on daily outcomes from U.S. corporate office, explain end-user's challenges, new clinical objectives and business growth.  • Identify best strategic goals for company growth to ensure quality technical assistance and support for employees.  Technology Focus:  • Perform technological research by studying organization goals, strategies, practices, and projects directed by the Senior Director of IT and the CEO.  • Train internal and external physicians how to use EMR software, setup accounts for Telehealth and educate them on the business workflow process.  • Utilized Salesforce CRM to interact with CTM and our EMR application. Led the team to use the API integration tool to have all our patients' demographics and medical history work through our major enterprise applications.  • Lead implementation in Neurobic CRM applications for all rehab patients to exercise their brain activities and enable stronger cerebral skills to improve their gross-motor skills. CRM application included questionnaires and brain-teaser online games for all patients within the rehab center.  • Deliver solutions from both on-premise server platforms and infrastructures in the Cloud.  • Took inventory of all hosting application and company websites to migrate and consolidate with AWS for optimum efficiency.  • Lead and maintain all software (RX30) and hardware (Linux servers) configurations for the Pharmacy (MedsRx). IT Manager Red Oak Hospital - Houston, TX February 2014 to November 2015 • Maintained company's IT network, servers and security systems.  • Analyzed and manage data for all clinical applications (EMR, LIMS, X-Ray, ER, etc.) and create specific documents to present potential solutions for the Hospital's welfare.  • Managed MS Dynamics 365 ERP system for Red Oak Hospital.  • Investigated and diagnose problems with clinical applications and network by collecting usage stats to improve the company's IT systems.  • Set up new users and manage backup, security and passwords.  • Troubleshoot and resolve hardware issues for Dell and HP servers and printers, and software issues reported to any department within the Hospital.  • Consult, support, advise and educate users and staff on methods and means to make Health Care operations more effective and efficient. IT Sales Manager National Benefit Services, LLC - Houston, TX November 2012 to February 2014 • Implemented a SQL database for all clients and customers with a web-based application.  • Managed the offices infrastructure for patient data and security to ensure all HIPAA compliances.  • Envisioned increasing peace of mind for every man and woman through financial  security, mainly for adults over the age of 40.  • Provided the very best customer care, most-affordable healthcare plans and be the most knowledgeable experts in the industry and achieve excellence in our organization.  • Provided timely and accurate healthcare solutions for our clients. System Analyst Memorial Hermann - Houston, TX November 2011 to December 2012 • Implemented RamSoft Imaging Software for Memorial Herman Hospital. Used SQL database management studio to perform queries, store procedures and build a web-based application for nurses and physicians.  • Performed testing and debugging of software application and Quality Assurance to support development.  • Performed adequate testing to eliminate most bugs prior to the application's release for later developmental stages.  • Using databases and registries, formulated tools to support patient care and ensure quality management and clinical oversight.  • Accessed control for doctors to view X-rays, Mammograms, MRI Scans, Ultrasounds and Microscopy Images.  • Provided users and staff with consultative support and education and ensure proper functioning of complex, interrelated and interdependent software application. Education B.S. (Double Major) in Organizational Leadership and Supervision and Computer Information Systems University of Houston - Houston, TX Skills CRM (9 years), EMR (9 years), ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (7 years), ERP (7 years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Network Administration (9 years), Vmware (9 years), Cisco (5 years), SQL (9 years), HTML (9 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Office 365 (9 years), Disaster Recovery (9 years), Active Directory (9 years), Citrix (4 years), VoIP (9 years), IT Management (9 years), Vendor Management (10+ years), ITIL (9 years), Excel, Exchange Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/malavdesai/ Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2014 to Present SAP FICO/MM/SD Present CPR Publications Professional References Vince Chang  Senior Director, IT  Sovereign Health    Malav is the IT Manager at Vedanta Clinical Laboratories and MedsRx Pharmacy (both are sub divisions under Sovereign Health). He played a key role in Vedanta Labs and MedsRx’s IT build-out. He led the technology implementation of LIMS, RCM, CRM, Call Center Tracking, Inventory Mgmt., etc. He also designed a 24/7 HelpDesk Support operations utilizing offshore resources from India. Malav is a dependable employee and a hard worker. He is a methodical PM and has great leadership skills.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Kevin D. Gallagher  CFO  Retired    I had the pleasure of working with Malav during my tenure as CFO of a analytics driven healthcare provider. I found Malav to be a dedicated and resourceful IT executive, a true asset to the organization.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Marie Hammer  Laboratory Manager  Vedanta Laboratories Inc.    I have worked directly with Malav at Vedanta labs. He is very attentive to the many IT needs of the laboratory. From setting up employee's laptops to networking our many instruments and applications he is knowledgeable, quick and a patient teacher. Malav has interfaced our instruments with the laboratory information system, helped build testing panels and ensured the accuracy of the information transmitted to and from the clients EMRs. He has also worked closely with the doctors setting up their remote workstations and teaching them how to use the systems. Malav has done so much more than I have directly observed as he also works with the pharmacy, supplies and a team who is building specialized EMR program which includes interfaces with the pharmacy and laboratory. I have enjoyed working with Malav and would highly recommend him as an IT manager.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Amanda Habermann  Media Project Specialist  Sovereign Health    As an IT manager at Sovereign Health, Malav is responsible for managing enterprise applications and custom software development having great knowledge of SDLC/PMLC. As a project manager, he has lead the development of a new company-wide electronic medical record application system and an electronic medication administration record (eMAR) software for the pharmacy.     For the media and multimedia teams, Malav has been a key person in implementing Cloud-based storage and assist with technical solutions for video and audio projects. He also assisted in setting up a storage system to facilitate the transfer of audio and video files amongst team members to ensure a collaborative working environment.     Malav is a hard-worker and ensures all projects he takes on are well-done and completed in a timely manner. Malav would be an asset to any team and has my highest recommendation. Please contact me should you have any questions in regards to Malav’s background or experience. Additional Information Areas of Expertise:  • ERP  • Project Management / PMLC  • JIRA  • Custom Application Development / SDLC  • CRM, Enterprise Application Implementation  • Agile/Scrum & Waterfall Methodology  • EMR/EHR Implementation & Integration  • LIMS Implementation & Instrument Interface  • HL7 Integration  • Rx Software Implementation  • Telehealth (E-Therapy)  • IT Governance & Control - GxP, FDA, SOX, OSHA, ePHI/PHI, HIPAA & CLIA/COLA Compliance  • BI Reporting (SAP FICO, MM, & SD)  • Data Warehousing & BI Implementation  • Operating Systems: Windows & Mac  • Microsoft Tools: MS Office, MS Visio, MS Project, Office 365 & SharePoint   • Programming Languages: Visual Basic, C++, Java, C#, HTML, ASP, ASP.Net  • Database Technologies: Cisco Technology, Dell, HP, T-SQL, SQL Server 2005-2008