Logistics Project Manager Logistics <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Logistics Project Manager Columbus, OH To excel in an IT-oriented Project Management environment by contributing my proven abilities to solve problems using the IT skills I've learned over 7 years in the industry. Work Experience Logistics Project Manager Ascena - Columbus, OH January 2019 to February 2019 • Inherited and finished supply chain project to upgrade shipping methods with new technology to increase efficiency across all distribution centers  • Worked with multiple vendors and departments using the Agile methodology and sprints  • Managed and allocated hours across the project  • Managed the budget for the project  • Reported project progress to stakeholders Infrastructure Project Manager JP Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH April 2018 to October 2018 • Managed discretionary and tech refresh projects  ? Worked with the Application Development team to understand the requirements of the application (Transactions Per Second [TPS], bandwidth requirements, application pathing, etc.)  ? Created a Permit To Build (PTB) and reviewed with all parties involved in the project (Solutions Engineer, Build Engineer, Application Development Team, Dev Ops, Server Ops, DRO Unix, Firewall Team, Network Engineer, Keon Engineer, etc., )  ? Work with Solution Engineers to create Infrastructure Design Document (IDD) which outlined the infrastructure to be ordered to support the application requirements  ? Worked with various groups to deploy the code in the following environments  * Dev  * IST/SIT  * QA  * PERF  * PROD  * DR  ? Coordinated with different teams for each environment to run a shakeout (test for errors with the code), network tests, firewall tests, stress test, etc.  ? Created and/or transferred root bearing host groups  ? Created budgets to determine monthly/yearly costs of the infrastructure  • Submitted financial estimates for each project  • Managed hours and budget for each project life cycle  • Followed Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, and other PMP methodology's Technical Project Manager Wells Fargo - Columbus, OH March 2017 to March 2018 • Managed over 50 IT projects across different data centers throughout the country  • Managed different departments throughout Wells Fargo to complete projects in a timely manner including:  ? Network Engineers  ? Data Center Management  ? Cable Management  ? Port Turn-up Team  ? Service Desk  ? Software Engineers  ? Project Managers  • Coordinated with outside vendors including:  ? Dell  ? Hewlett Packard  • QA all installed servers  ? Checked IP configurations  ? Confirm MESH setup  ? Checked hardware status  * Raid Controller, NIC, HDD, etc.  ? Confirmed IDRAC was setup properly  ? Remote Desktop Connection  ? NetBackup  ? SAN connection  ? LUNS  ? Etc.  • Managed tickets utilized in Remedy & Pac 2000  • Completed a final check on all servers before the release date  • Followed Agile Methodology IT Project Management Specialist Honeywell - Columbus, OH February 2015 to December 2016 • Managed multiple IT projects throughout a manufacturing site that runs 24/7 including associated risks and costs such as:  ? Migrated manufacturing test stands running DOS, Windows 95, Windows XP and Windows 7 to a Windows 10 OS  ? Migrated Server 2003 & Server 2008 to Server 2012 OS  ? Brought $50,000,000 manufacturing site under Honeywell enterprise support  ? Brought all servers up to Honeywell compliant standards  ? Remediated backup solution (AppAssure) for the site  ? Remediated and upgraded security cameras to higher FPS & megapixel cameras including better application support structure  ? Upgrade badge readers to HID badge readers and coordinated building access levels  ? Coordinated application support structure for new badge software with HR and appropriate staff  ? Upgraded VMware to ESX 5.5 for multiple OS's  ? Organized server administration tasks with IT enterprise regarding key servers (print server, SQL server, VM server, automate server, file server, applications server) all of which ran Server 2003, 2008 or 2012 OS  ? Consolidated work for permissions and security for all network file shares  ? Managed the migration of Windows 7 to Windows 10 of all PC's including all peripheral devices  ? Managed multiple application projects to migrate them to a Windows 10 environment  ? Consolidated all IT infrastructure and employees from 3 different locations to one site  ? Coordinated with 3rd party vendors in all the various projects and tasks (Dell, Black Hat, AT&T, etc.)  • Directed employees on the proper path for PC troubleshooting and access requests regarding IT enterprise policies  • Supported Multi-DNC program that ran nine critical machines  ? These machines ran 24/7 and generated up to $10,000 worth of product per hour IT Support Time Warner Cable - Columbus, OH February 2013 to February 2015 • Provided the top level of support regarding the most complex issues  • Resolved escalated tickets on a regular basis  • Configured routers and switches as well as firewall settings  • Troubleshoot DHCP / DNS issues with clients  • Monitored and maintained network stability for the Midwest region  • Managed users in Active Directory  • Troubleshoot VoIP issues  • Utilized Remedy for ticket tracking and documentation  ? Resolved 10-15 tickets per day  • Managed security settings within networks  • Troubleshot Windows XP, Vista, 7 and 8 as well as Word, Excel, and Outlook  • Troubleshoot routers and switches IT support Analyst / IT Project Coordinator Limited Brands - Columbus, OH September 2011 to January 2013 • Provided second level support on a multi-million-dollar project regarding software and network-related problems  • Coordinated with technicians to support multiple sites across the country  • Configured servers and set up both LAN and wireless networks  • Troubleshoot MPOS (Mobile Point of Sale) units and managed them via AirWatch  • Utilized Active Directory to create and manage both users and policies across the company.  • Resolved 10-15 tickets a day using Remedy Leasing Office Manager Tienlang - Columbus, OH June 2010 to September 2011 • Reviewed credit reports and performed background checks  • Consistently exceeded every goal (full occupancy, no complaints) Problem Resolution Specialist JP Morgan Chase - Westerville, OH June 2009 to June 2010 • Provided 2nd level IT support  • Promoted twice in one year (from customer service to technical support to problem resolution specialist)  • Ranked 14th out of 753 nationwide in goal achievement  • Successfully carried out assignments to resolve problems considered the "most difficult"  • Supervised training of four employees Education bachelor's degree in Cybersecurity Western Governors University - Columbus, OH Present Computer Science Columbus State Community College - Columbus, OH June 2009 to August 2011