IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - BECTON DICKINSON Orange, CA Certified project management professional with strong work ethic, in depth critical thinking, & excellent interpersonal communication skills, in pursuit of an opportunity as an associate project manager preferably within the healthcare, biotechnology, or medical device industry. Work Experience IT Project Manager BECTON DICKINSON March 2018 to Present • Lead project management initiatives on company wide migration to a unified Windows 10 OS build for over 40,000 global users.  • Strategically interface with third party vendors, technical and functional teams to ensure thorough communication and project transparency across multiple work streams and regions.  • Manage stakeholder engagement for over 60 team members (20 core team members and 40 + second tier stakeholders).  • Manage project budget of $867k, resource allocation, timelines and project risk and issues.  • Lead project team in migration of 30 IT related SharePoint sites from SP2013 to O365.  • Advanced knowledge of reporting and process tools including Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint (administrator), and Service now.  • Orchestrate process improvement methods to increase efficiency for change control and gate governance review standards for regulatory compliance. Associate IT Project Manager/Business System Analyst YTEL June 2017 to October 2017 • Led and managed development team for multiple concurring IT professional service projects  • Gather, write, and analyze business requirement documents (BRDs) for project scope and implementation  • Interact with C-Suite executives on project life cycle progress.  • Use Jira and Confluence for SDLC project ticket tracking and documenting project status.  • Participate in daily Scrum meetings for project scope status, workflow enhancements and sprint activity.  • Coordinate with different levels of development team for release of SaaS updates and bug defects. IT Project Coordinator/ Jr. Scrum Master EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES December 2016 to May 2017 • Responsible for managing communication between SharePoint Online (SPO) migration project team and department owners for migration releases.  • Coordinate meetings and create project scheduling for technical leads and sr. project manager using MS Office products and MS Project.  • Manage; create tickets and track offshore team progress within Jira dashboards and reporting system.  • Participate in daily Scrum meetings for project scope status and workflow enhancements.  • Work with offshore teams in Asia, Europe, and the Middle East for SharePoint Online upgrade for internal users and externally facing medical clients of Edwards.  • Perform SharePoint Online administration tasks and troubleshooting for users. Associate IT Project Manager VEROS REAL ESTATE SOLUTIONS October 2016 to December 2016 • Led companywide audit process for SOC/SSAE and FISMA compliance.  • SaaS - Plan, manage SDLC Life Cycle for proprietary customer facing products using Waterfall methodology.  • Assisted Sr Project Manager on mortgage appraisal portal integration project co-leading team of 12.  • Acted as liaison between Development, QA, and Executive level management for external/internal facing software applications. TECHNICAL RECRUITER Full Life Cycle Recruitment Placing IT October 2014 to September 2016 Technical Recruiter  • Full Life Cycle Recruitment Placing IT professionals into contract and direct hire job opportunities for enterprise level clients. Project Manager VOICEGENIX LLC August 2013 to September 2014 • Project management and oversight for campaign branding.  • Led team of 4 people in project lifecycle process for mobile ad click banners. Education BACHELOR'S DEGREE in POLITICAL SCIENCE UCLA 2013