SR. Information Technology Project Manager SR. Information Technology <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SR. Information Technology Project Manager - United States Army, Fort Belvoir Fort Belvoir, VA Versatile and highly adept Project Management Professional with 10 years’ global Project Management and IT Project Management experience. Exceptional verbal and written interpersonal communication skills bolstered by a collaborative, hands-on servant leadership style. Proven track record developing beneficial stakeholder and business relationships in addition to coaching team members and personnel into the production of results-generating deliverables. Multifaceted technical skillset strengthened by a rapid adaptability to new and emerging technologies, standards, and methodologies. Work Experience SR. Information Technology Project Manager United States Army, Fort Belvoir January 2017 to Present Manage procurement, strategy, and distribution of IT equipment. Strategized for, designed, and implemented complete construction of five conference rooms at separate locations with project delivered on-budget within a stringent timeline.  Noted Contributions:  * Held accountability for strategy, procurement, and distribution of 2.5K+ IT peripherals and components valued at $2.6M+  * Led training for 45+ ARCYBER personnel, subsequently driving organizational DOD 8570-1 compliance.  * Maintained consistent "Excellence" rating on all superior reviews of service from 2012 to-date. Information Technology Project Manager United States Army - London December 2013 to December 2016 Served as Project Manager through several key projects and initiatives, gathering and analyzing requirements and translating complex technical projects into results-generating business solutions.  Noted Contributions:  * Championed entire Northwood HQ NATO network infrastructure development, successfully expanding commands network capabilities by 40%+.  * Successfully planned and directed several key multimillion-dollar projects with business objectives aligned with delivered technical solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage, and bottom-line gains. IT Project Manager United States Army, Camp Arifjan - KW December 2012 to December 2013 Spearheaded large teams to deliver quality projects in expedient fashion while leveraging exceptional communications, leadership, and conflict management skills. Maintained a strong understanding and working knowledge of strategy, monitoring, job-results appraisal, and coaching, mentoring, and effectively leading cross-functional teams.  Noted Contributions:  * Enforced Information Assurance controls network-wide, attributing to SWA Cyber Center's first reception of passing score in ten years for CCRI.  * Drove 100% compliance to organization's mandatory training for over six months, driving overall network compliance.  * Assisted in identifying need for, and execution of replacement of 150+ non-compliant Tier-2 networking devices. Recruiter United States Army 2009 to 2012 Education Master of Science in Cybersecurity Management & Policy in Cybersecurity Management & Policy University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2020 Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems Columbia College - Columbia, MO Links http://linkedin.com/in/charlesherron3 Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: SFC Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2018 to March 2024