IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Miami, FL Work Experience IT Project Manager Carnival Cruise Lines - Doral, FL Present Create applications for Oracle, Blackline, MarkView by working with Rapid Development Teams and aligning business case with Global strategy of Carnival. IT Project Manager HBO LA 2013 to 2018 2013 -- 2018  Joint venture between Warner Media and Ole Communications, which owns several cable networks in the region of Latin America.    IT Project Manager  Implemented $8M Broadcast Management System launched in several phases over 5-year period transitioning from the Legacy system.  • Led business analysis for business area: Gathered requirements based on interviews, workshops, business  process description, workflow diagrams facilitating optimal use of client solution.  • Analyzed impact of each phase as it related to the business area and determine what QA, regression, and UAT was needed. Forecasted project resources and identified conflicts in advance.  • Designed test scripts for business area detailing daily activities, edge cases and best practices that served dual  role as regression test and on-board training for business area.  • Developed release management / change management system process and procedures for easy replication  by all members who submitted defects and test.  • Evaluated deliverables from external vendors as well as internal resources insuring timelines were met and development complete.  • Improved communication and visibility of the project by exploring tools such as Jira Dashboards, Release Hub,  Smartsheets, And Google Drive to communicate information most effectively to Project Team, Business Owner, and Senior Management.  • Led development of Automation Project with external vendor, Orasi to determine if feasibility of increasing  project efficiency. Interactive Project Manager / IT Project Manager FLORIDA POWER AND LIGHT - POWER, FLORIDA, US 2011 to 2012 2011 - 2012  Florida-based power utility company serving roughly 4.8M accounts and 10M people in Florida.    Interactive Project Manager / IT Project Manager  Interactive Project Manager for FPL Solar Rebate Program web-based application on FPL.com. IT Project Manager for Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) compliance activities (both technical and administrative) within the System  Control Center.  • Achieved final design by conducted Usability Testing and UAT on 5+ browsers.  • Reported on health of each project to Governance Group including SPI, CPI, Earned Value.  • Formulated documentation process that reduced time of effort by 50%. Web Producer / Project Manager/ Account Manager CELEBRITY CRUISES 2010 to 2011 2010 - 2011  Premier Cruise Line operated by Royal Caribbean Ltd, which operates Celebrity, Royal Caribbean, and Azamara Club  Cruises.    Web Producer / Project Manager/ Account Manager  Web Producer/ Project Manager/ Account Manager for Celebrity.com leading cross-disciplinary team in full life-cycle  development of digital projects using a hybrid waterfall / agile methodology including e-commerce development, web  redesigns, landing pages, social media site launches, online banners, mobile website development.  • Implemented social marketing strategies increasing traffic to Facebook and determining effectiveness of campaign based on competitive spend on local market and national level. Project Manager DISCOVERY CHANNEL 2006 to 2009 2006 - 2009  Third most widely-distributed subscription channel in the US and airs internationally in 170 countries and 33  languages.  Project Manager  • Developed system to track all scripts for 7 Channels and managed budgets with outside vendors.  • Developed metrics to assess workflow and made recommendations to streamline work. Education Bachelor of Science in (BS), Biology Radford University - Radford, VA Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), JIRA (5 years), MS PROJECT (6 years), XML (5 years), SQL (5 years), SDLC (6 years), PM (10+ years), Waterfall (8 years), Scrum Master (2 years), Software Development, Information Technology Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tamanderson Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ywof6uvhlafuv3po CRM Skills with Salesforce — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/i2r6jcmrx7t4evdb Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/eyi9o6zdyhbemnhz Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Project Management Applications: MS Project; Jira, Viso  Microsoft Office: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint  TV Industry Applications: Avid, Final Cut Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Soft Image  Computer Language (Understanding): XML, SQL