IT Specialist - Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist - <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Manager ( Projects and Infrastructure) - Director New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist - Project Manager Senior 20100 US - New York, NY November 2018 to Present Studding and developing a possible improvement of IT infrastructure. Including front end (retail)and back end (servers etc).   Implementation of IT governance with focus in business continuity, disaster recovery based on high availability, security, processes, accesses, performance and excellence. ITIL Implementation.  IT Director NorthStar - Curitiba, PR June 2016 to September 2018 Directed multiple small to medium-sized it projects since studding clients infrastructure and putting together a solid project with my team to successful implementation. Conducted and Directed projects, kick-off meetings, defined project objectives and scopes, tracked risks, assumptions, and directed detailed project schedules. Conducted regular meetings, facilitated communications, ensured coordination, and cooperation among team members. Established customer expectations of project scope, deliverable, procedures for project communications and dissemination of information for team members. Directed various executive projects including facility relocation, marketing campaigns, and employee acquisition and training. Identified problem areas and instituted large-scale project campaigns to address them. Led successful campaigns. IT Manager/ IT Project Manager / Operations Audit Manager Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated - Brazil January 2015 to June 2016 Responsible: servers, network, telecom infrastructure and support to attend clients. It local project manager. Customer Care (ideas and changes to increase customer satisfaction). Experience with PCI environment. Budget planning, provisioning and predictive projects for high availability service. Experience with outage and internal processes and procedures creation to adapt and delivery better support standards. Direct report to Local CEO and Regional CEO/VP. IT Audit Manager with software, hardware, process, procedures and administrative. Ensure compliance to business agreements, policies, procedures and regulations along with ability to map controls and compliance requirements. Responsible for Operational Audit. IT Infrastructure / Coordinator / IT Project Manager / IT Audit Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LP Building Products) - Brazil February 2013 to November 2014 IT management, project management, planning, structuration and execution (administrative and operational). Handling year budget for investment in the area. Contracts, negotiation, plans to save costs. Team leadership and trainings. PS: Project already implemented and running. Direct report to Local and Regional CEO. Audit (Same that I did in Sykes, but here, I had this experience working with industrial softwares and procedures). Specialist IT for architecture / Infrastructure Servers and Network Cargill - Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires April 2010 to April 2012 Worked with a global infrastructure and Architecture server’s specialist strategic team. The entire team was composed by around 40 people, but 10 from those, worked only on critical technical situations where the problem was affecting directly the company business itself. I was one of those 10. Responsible for Global COB. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology Bagozzi - Curitiba February 1999 to November 2003 Skills Itil, Information Technology, PM, PMP, Project Management Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/pauloferreirait/ Additional Information Administrative Skills  Managing IT area for investments, equipment, services and new hires. Budget handling, planning thinking to save costs and avoid aggressive impacts on operational and business. Audits ( IT and Operation) good experience.  Skills of communication and planning with other areas to get common goals for all company.  Know how to handle more than one project at the same time, from the beginning until deployment with focus to get objectives accomplished.  Know how to handle situations and not familiar environments (critical/emergencies, requirements, not planned actions trough the project implementation).  Pro-active leadership, planning, analyzing potential risks, costs and benefits of the projects, keeping a motivated and focused team.  Know how to bring trainings from team members until end users.  Coaching Leader & Consultant. Professional development plan (PDM) to each team member.    Management/Coordination of IT Remote Projects and Teams  Education  High School Degree – Data Processing Technician    Fluent : English and Spanish , Native: Portuguese    Technical Skills:     Projects:  Methodology Agile and Waterfall  Servers : server architecture, physical and virtual environments from Dell, HP, IBM for variable functions like domain controllers, print servers, file servers, terminal servers, virtual desktops and VDI, backup servers (digital/virtual and tapes), firewalls, WSUS, monitoring. Windows servers 2003/2008/2012. Linux Servers.  Monitoring tools: HP OVO SYSTEM - DELL DRAC SYSTEMS - HP ILO SYSTEMS -NAGIOS/CACTI SYSTEMS - NETSCOUT SYSTEMS - APACHE SERVERS.  Virtualization :  VMware/VSphere ESXi, Veeam Tools, Citrix Metaframe (XENN desktops, XENN Servers and XENN app – Infrastructure and architecture) Thin Clients (wyse terminals, HP Thin Clients, Ncomputing);  Administrative and industrial networks : architecture and infrastructure. Cisco routers and switches.  Operational Systems : all wintel based, ESXi.  Telecom : mobile, conventional and VOIP. Avaya Systems.  Network – Cisco based systems   PS : acts directly to operational tasks, bringing support, follow ups and project execution.  Consultant.  Development: C and C Sharp, Delphi, Visual Basic, HTML, Clipper, data base integration.  Extra Experiences:  Argentina resident for 6 years;   Travels to Portland – USA – Studying global IT infrastructure, standards and policies of the Company. 