Systems Engineer IT Manager/ Project Manager Systems Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Systems Engineer IT Manager/ Project Manager - Core Technologies Council Bluffs, IA A technically proficient, proven team player/builder with expertise in high capacity information technology, document control, and multiple simultaneous projects that span across several business or technology areas. Growth minded and willing to implement new processes. Work Experience Systems Engineer IT Manager/ Project Manager Core Technologies - Omaha, NE April 2017 to Present Build out complex server environments to meet specified customer needs.  ? Building domains and server solutions from the ground up.  ? Performs active monitoring of network configurations, software updates (patching), and ensured optimal performance of all client related systems and security protocols.  ? Last escalation point for break/fix scenarios; providing technical solutions and investigating alternative methods for solving problems.  ? Utilize active directory forest and DNS to create distribution groups, security groups, organizational units, and group policy objects for secure network resource access.  ? Create different servers dedicated to various Microsoft roles such as File Servers, Print Servers, DHCP Servers, IIS Servers, SQL Servers and various database needs.  ? Built and converted servers to AWS and Microsoft Azure cloud computing infrastructure, this also included migrating hosted DNS to new providers.  ? Completed several email conversions from local Exchange servers to cloud hosted solution. Utilizing DFS with AD syncing for Office 365 Exchange and licensing.  ? Perform firewall renewals, SSL renewals, router updates, and modem provisioning.  ? Ensured full and incremental data backups were continuously successful; performed data restore/bare metal restore/image restore as needed for business continuity.  ? Increased team productivity and automated repetitive tasks by using batch files, PowerShell, and endpoint management scripting (LabTech).  ? Built, Administered and managed a datacenter Hyper-V high availability clustered server and networking environment utilizing Failover Clustering, while migrating physical Windows/Linux servers into virtual servers (Physical to virtual).  ? Enhancement and major system upgrade of company internal knowledge base to include; writing policies and best practices for client support, database maintenance and upgrade.  ? Mentored and guided first line and escalation personal. Ensuring all were provided required technical knowledge and were capable of performing assigned duties.  ? Create business processes, best practices, standards, templates and operating procedures to optimize IT project development. Systems Engineer/Team Lead WRK Systems, Inc April 2012 to March 2017 Project Manager/Lead when deploying new servers and hosts for clients  ? Citrix Administrator (Setup, Support and Maintain)  ? VMware host administration (Setup, Support and Maintain)  ? San Administration  ? Technical Support for clients  ? Desktop Support  ? Mentoring and Training New Technicians  ? Server and Desktop Hardware Support  ? Ethernet Cabling  ? Active Directory Education Bellevue University 2013 to 2015 Iowa Western Community College 2010 to 2012 Thomas Jefferson High School - Council Bluffs, IA 2000 Skills System Administrator, Vmware, Active Directory, SCCM, Citrix (6 years), Windows Server (7 years), Active Directory (7 years), Group Policy (7 years), Watchguard (3 years) Additional Information Administration and Configuration  Windows Server 2003/2008/2012R2/2016  Windows SBS Server 2007/2008/2010  Exchange Server 2007/2008/2010/2013/2016  Office 365 Hosted Exchange and licensing  Hyper-V  VMware 5.5-6.5  Citrix 6.5/7.xx  Windows RDS  Active Directory  Windows Group Policy  Datto  Microsoft SCCM  Windows Active Directory  HP Servers and Sans    Networking  Configuring routers, switches, and VLANS  Configuring IP addresses & subnetting  Configuring DHCP & DNS  Configuring, monitoring, managing firewalls  Administration of Virtual Private Networks    ? Troubleshoot, repair, and maintain operation of servers, business workstations, connected peripherals, printers, multi-function devices, and networking equipment to include: firewalls, switches, routers and modems.  ? Utilizing the best IT practices and implementing the same among my team to ensure that products and services produced are in line with the highest quality standards.  ? Superb positive mental attitude, personnel management, attention to detail and discipline.  ? Proven track record of effective client communication in harsh or difficult scenarios.