Lead IT Application Analyst Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Application Analyst Lead IT Application Analyst - Regional One Health Memphis, TN More than 35 years' experience in leading, developing and delivering Enterprise IT projects utilizing both SDLC and Agile methodologies. An IT professional committed to a high level of integrity and professionalism with professional experience in business analysis, analytical and problem solving skills, excellent communication skills and able to see the big picture while paying attention to small details. Work Experience Lead IT Application Analyst Regional One Health June 2018 to Present Assisted in the following implementations: Sr IT Application Analyst Regional One Health June 2016 to Present Assisted in the following implementations: Applications Analyst Regional One Healthcare June 2014 to Present Assisted in the following implementations: Cerner Financials, Cerner DM, 3M HDM February 2019 to February 2019 Focus on issues related to Admission, Discharge, and Transfer issues between system of patient registration to document management applications to coding and abstract management (Cerner Financials, Cerner DM, 3M HDM, Cerner Millennium Chart Deficiencies ) and McKesson ERP modules (fiscal management, supply chain, strategic sourcing, and accounts payable).  Project management and project planning build.  Unit and integrated system testing  Application upgrades and troubleshooting application issues.    Environment: SQL, Discover Reports, Cerner Financials, 3M RDL, 3M HDM, CernerDM, 3M Reporter, UNIX, Windows 7, MS Office McKesson ERP July 2016 to July 2016 Focus on issues related to Admission, Discharge, and Transfer issues between system of patient registration to document management applications to coding and abstract management (Soarian Financials, Siemens EDM, 3M HDM ) and McKesson ERP modules (fiscal management, supply chain, strategic sourcing, and accounts payable).  Project management and project planning build.  Unit and integrated system testing  Application upgrades and trouble shooting application issues.    Environment: SQL, Discover Reports, Cerner Financials, 3M RDL, 3M HDM, Cerner DM, 3M Reporter, UNIX, Windows 7, MS Office Siemens Soarian Financials September 2014 to September 2014 - Siemens Enterprise Data Management (EDM) projected go live Sept 2014  - 3M Health Data Management (HDM) projected go live Sept 2014    Focus on issues related to Admission, Discharge, and Transfer issues between system of patient registration to document management applications to coding and abstract management (Soarian Financials, Siemens EDM, and 3M HDM ).  Project management and project planning build.  Unit and integrated system testing  Application upgrades and troubleshooting application issues.    Environment: SQL, Discover Reports, Siemens Financials, 3M RDL, 3M HDM, Siemens EDM, 3M Reporter, UNIX, Windows 7, Microsoft Project, MS Office IT Consultant COMFORCE May 2012 to July 2013 Executed test cases for all the modules as per schedule and prepared reports of test results.  Plan and schedule the testing activities with respect to hard releases dates.  regression testing.  Responsible for transforming Assumed responsibility and developed expertise for a specific area of functionality of the application.  Analyze user needs as required; leads in the design of tests to verify that end user needs have been met.  Utilize HP QC for maintaining test scripts and test plans to verify systems meet the specifications outlines in data processing requests.  Participated in developing processes to streamline testing efforts  Onsite coordination with developers and product owners for timely and trouble-free releases.  Preparation and review of test cases for functional testing, system testing, integration testing, and business requirements to test case development to verify application software meet those requirements.  Participated in Sprint activities like backlog grooming, daily scrum, demo, and Usability Session (User Experience - UX). Prepares documentation for assigned projects and follows software release procedures.  Follows pre-established standards and guidelines as they pertain to design and development of tests and test plans.  Participate in review of detailed designs.  Delivers and maintains the highest quality of customer services to our clients•  Communicate the testing status and follow up on issues for customer releases.    Environment: Oracle Toad, SQL, UNIX, HP Quality Center, Progress, Windows 7, Microsoft Project, MS Office, SnagIt, V Project Manager/Business Analyst Protech Systems Group, Inc May 2009 to March 2010 Gathered requirements, conducted JAD sessions, conducted user interviews, and documented functional application specifications using agile methodology for design and development of a web-based nursing application  Clarified business requirements, project scope and objectives, via feedback sessions with stakeholders and SMEs  Direct the coordination of all implementation tasks involving third party vendors as well as provide consultation to business owners on system implementation  Improved development team's delivery record by using agile methods and enhancing product management / business analysis  Gathered requirements, conducted user interviews, and documented business requirements for the selection of a EDI web-based application to support the wholesale drug division  Work closely with project managers on assigned projects from inception through development ensuring that adequate internal communication and user involvement is maintained  Developed project plans using MS Project, tracking of tasks to the plan and capturing of manhours to Develop and document business case scenarios, use cases, and worked with business SMEs to develop user test cases  Met with client management and users, and day-to-day management of contractors  Interviewed individuals within business units and documented specific business needs from project initiation to gathering functional requirements    Environment: Microsoft Windows XP, Microsoft Project, SharePoint, MS Office, Visio, WebEx, Breeze, ClearCase, HP Quality Center Education Bachelor in Business Administration Memphis State University M.S. in Computer Science Southwest University Skills BUSINESS ANALYSIS, PROBLEM SOLVER Additional Information Specialties: Problem Solver, Team Builder, Business Analysis, Project Management