Freelance IT Project Manager Freelance <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Freelance IT Project Manager - Scrum Master Glendale, CA Work Experience Freelance IT Project Manager Scrum Master - Glendale, CA September 2013 to Present - Manage project timeline, scope, resources and ensure projects implementation are meeting expectations across the business.  - Control process-flow of the projects.  - Implement various analysis to improve processes and increase team efficiency.    - Plan, execute, monitor and track multiple projects under strict deadlines.  - Wireframing and prototyping.  - Estimate project scope and budget.  - Participate in company's procedure changes.  - Gather and develop business and technical requirements.  - Work with internal development team to execute against requirements.  - Ensure projects are launched according to published schedules.  - Keep business owners up-to-date on project status and potential issues.  - Support development teams in executing on technical product requirements.  - Strong written and oral communication skills.  - Strong attention to detail, follow-through, and organizational skills.  - High analytics, logical and good problem-solving skills. Remote IT Project Manager Scrum Master - New York, NY December 2013 to June 2015 - Worked with functional and technical teams to deliver MVP.  - Managed all product related technical questions with clients and internally.  - Demonstrated strong project management skills to oversee multiple projects with a focus on product quality and deadlines.  - Proven ability to work and lead multi-functional teams.  - Worked with in-house designers and development teams.  - Created wireframes and prototypes.  - Developed project specification documentation.  - Managed internal and external stakeholders Project Manager Scrum Master - Yerevan June 2012 to December 2013 BigBek ?Yerevan, Armenia  - Participated in every phase of the project development lifecycle.  - Managed all aspects of core project development including business objectives, technical direction, quality assurance, status reports to stakeholders.  - Led and organized meetings between project stakeholders, IT resources and 3rd party vendors.  - Applied and shared best practices of Agile (Scrum and Kanban) methodologies and waterfall framework.  - Performed in-depth QA testing, including DB testing, web-service testing, and front-end functional testing.  - Coached QA and PMs.  - Solved conflicts. QA | Project Coordinator BigBek - Yerevan September 2011 to June 2012 Yerevan, Armenia  - Set bug tracking tool (Basecamp).  - Implemented best practices for quality assurance for web and mobile projects.  - Adopted a detail-oriented approach to complete UAT.  - Tested the implementation code on PC, Mobile devices and Tablets.  - Reported and managed bugs in bug tracking tool.  - Assisted the development team in activities such as load testing, stress testing (By JMeter) and functional testing (By Selenium).  - Created manual and automated test scenarios. Education American University of Armenia ?Yerevan - Yerevan