Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Certified Agile Practitioner and Project Manager Falls Church, VA 5 years of IT experience that includes Project/ Product Management, planning & scheduling, Multi-Team(at multiple locations) Coordination, Agile methodology, Content management, review & writing, production support, UI/ UX design, and optimization of web site components in the public domain.  • Project and Product Management.  • Scrum Master Certified.  • Good understanding of SEO, SEMs, Google Ads, Google Docs, and Google Analytics.  • Track weekly site ranking and visits through Google Analytics to improve organic searching  • Oversee content writing team, delegate assignments, edit work for grammatical proficiency and quality of content  • Provided recommendations for the new company website, wrote new content and edited existing content.  • Worked with short deadlines and covered time-sensitive material  • Write quality content for clients from all industries (blogs, articles, website content, social media posts, etc.).  • Skilled and successful in adopting agile framework using Scrum.  • Exposure to the agile framework using Kanban, Lean, XP methodologies.  • Strong knowledge of WordPress (with available online Plug-ins), HTML and CSS.  • Creating wireframes as a part of the web design process to provide a basis of communication among project members.  • Proactive in sensing risk, and work on a mitigation plan.  • Conduct extensive research on the Internet to help with providing factual statistics into the articles/blogs.  • Good understanding of file management tools like WinSCP, File Manager, and FileZilla.  • Knowledge of basic SQL syntaxes of Oracle 11g and SQL server 2012. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager AgileTraining.co - Herndon, VA March 2018 to Present AgileTraining.co is a leading Agile and SAFe certifications training provider in northern America. In the last 1 year, I have been responsible for some key projects delivery for the organization, viz. revamp of the company's website, implementation of the Search engine optimization (SEO), Google Analytics Reports, Integration with the CRM tool AgileCRM, etc.    Role: Project Manager  Hardware: Intel based  Software and Technology: Jira, Microsoft office suite, Microsoft VSTS, Google Analytics, SEO, WordPress,Google Ads, HTML, CSS, Notepad++, Inspectlet, Serpstat. Development Intern University of Virginia - Charlottesville, VA January 2016 to January 2018 Project Name: Website to spread social awareness about the different types of pollutions, its effect and ways to minimize pollutions.  I did this project as a part of my ongoing certification at UVA, this website has information about various environment issues and environment protection programs and excerpts of those programs. In addition to technical advancement, this website gave me the opportunity to know our surroundings and its corresponding problems like global warming, disappearing species, challenges to sustainable development and the possible measures to solve these problems. This website entails about the issues which are fragile for our surroundings and encourage the idea of “Clean and Green” and will also shape the behavior and attitude of people that can make difference.  The audience for this website is anyone who has keen desire to know about the environment and all its issues and how to approach it.     Link to the website: http://myenv.x10host.com/  Hardware: Intel based  Web hosting: using x10host.com.  Software and Technology: JavaScript, WordPress, HTML, CSS, AngularJS, Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Notepad++, Microsoft office, Visio and Justinmind Prototype wireframe tool.     Key Achievements:  ·        Analysis, design, development and optimization of various components of the website using agile methodology.  ·        Walkthrough of the website to other team members and course instructor.  ·        Knowledge Management.  ·        Documentation. Assistant IT Manager Red Square Developer PVT LTD August 2012 to January 2015 Project Name: Website for the company Red square developers PVT ltd.     Red square had a requirement for a website containing organization details, its available and ongoing projects, rates, available units, floor plan, customer service options etc.  A complete requirement, robust design which includes web page design and content writing were part of initial phases.  After implementation, its enhancement, maintenance and support were a big chunk of work.  After successful go live, performance and optimization were the next asks by the Management.  Role- Assistant IT Manager  Hardware: Intel based  Software and Technology: JavaScript, WordPress, HTML, CSS, Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Notepad++, Microsoft office, MPP, and Visio.       Key Achievements:     ·        Analysis, design, development and optimization of web-based components of the organization, also managed team of size 6 people.  ·        Maintenance of adequate communication links & interfaces between project disciplines & senior management.  ·        Develop and maintain Work Breakdown Structure.  ·        Coordinate resources & determine Project Execution Plan.  ·        Liaise with Project Team to ensure project schedule target dates are maintained.  ·        Attend regular progress review meetings to facilitate the mounting of progress review report and working whereabouts to the higher authority.  ·        Task assignment to team, tracking taking corrective actions, helping and guiding the team for the tasks.  ·        Managing risks and working for mitigation plan and its execution in case risk materializes.  ·        Status reporting. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science NORTH MAHARASHTRA UNIVERSITY 2008 to 2012 CBSE in Board Rose Public School - Bihar Sharif, Bihar 2008 CBSE in Board St. Paul Secondary School - Bihar Sharif, Bihar 2006 Certification in IT University of Virginia (UVA) - Charlottesville, VA Skills CONTENT MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), JAVASCRIPT, CSS (Less than 1 year), WORDPRESS (Less than 1 year), Blog writer, Agile (3 years), Technical Writer (3 years), Scrum (3 years), SAFe (1 year), Scrum Master, CSM, Jira (3 years), Agile Scrum, Project Management (5 years), Project Coordination (5 years), Certified Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master Certified September 2018 to September 2020 Scrum Fundamental Certified September 2018 to September 2020 Additional Information Soft Skills    Strong quantitative & analytical abilities| Strong problem solving and technical skills| Strong communication, collaboration, teaming & persuasive skills| Technical documentation| Process Improvement    Tools and technologies worked on    • Project Management tools- Jira and MS VSTS.  • Markup and Scripting- HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Website content management system- WordPress  • Tools: MySQL, Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Google Docs.  • Editor- Notepad++, Dreamweaver.  • Databases- SQL server 2012, Oracle 9i, 10g, 11g, MS ACCESS.  • Operating Systems: Windows, Unix, Macintosh.