IT Data Manager/ Senior IT Associate - Risk & Compliance, Consumer & Business Banking <span class="hl">IT</span> Data <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Associate - Risk &amp; Compliance, Consumer &amp; Business Banking IT Data Manager/ Senior IT Associate - Risk & Compliance, Consumer & Business Banking - SANTANDER BANK N.A. - Financial Services, MA Boston, MA Manage Enterprise Information Integration, combining data residing in different sources and providing business segments with integrated view. Consistently deliver solutions built to the requirement of the business partners. Manage projects throughout the SDLC, using best practices and agile methodologies. Define stakeholder management strategy for complex process integration and shared service model.    Project Management  • System Integration/ Migration  • Application Development  • Data Synchronization  • Master Data Management  • Machine Learning Applications  • Data Warehousing    IT Project Life-cycle  • Requirements Analysis  • Business and IT Planning  • Cross-Functional Supervision  • Leading Workshops, SIT and UAT Sessions  • Project ROI and Status Reporting  • Client Relationship Management    Leadership  • Custom Solution Design  • Issues Resolution and Tactical Workarounds  • Presentations for Clients and Senior Management  • Process Improvement and Automation  • Team Building & Mentoring Work Experience IT Data Manager/ Senior IT Associate - Risk & Compliance, Consumer & Business Banking SANTANDER BANK N.A. - Financial Services, MA April 2013 to Present • Design solutions, manage projects and track progress to ensure project milestones are completed on time, on budget and business objectives are met.    • Mitigate risks through careful analysis of the data. Anticipate and manage change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.    • Establish project road maps and plans. Adjust project approach between agile and waterfall based on project specifics and client goals. Define implementation and delivery strategy.    • Manage team, establish personal goals, conducted mid-year and year-end reviews, provide support and guidance.    • Honored with Santander's "Extra Mile Award" in 2014 in recognition of outstanding project results.    Projects Highlights:  ·        Customer Data Integration & Synchronization. Led design and implementation of the robust, scalable machine learning system for integration and synchronization of customer private information across all customer data origination systems in the organization.   Results: Delivered industry leading data solution for data synchronization and laid foundation for customer MDM within organization. Automated operational processes and improved data quality across the organization. Received CIO recognition at the quarterly Town hall.   ·        Troubled Debt Restructuring. Designed solution and managed all phases of the project for development of application for tracking and managing commercial and retail debt restructuring.   Results: Delivered fully functioning application integrated with core operational, financial and risk systems which enabled finance and workout business units to streamline operational processes and meet compliance requirements.   ·        FDIC Compliance. Designed and managed implementation of the Customer and Contract segmentation solution to meet FDIC requirements on determining and applying account holds.   Result: Successfully met FDIC requirements and passed regulatory tests within required timeline. Received CIO recognition.   ·        Charge-Off/ Recovery General Ledger (GL) Adjustment & Reconciliation. Designed solution and managed all phases of implementation of the fully automated system allowing reconciliation of the financial transactions between source systems and corporate GL and automated GL adjustment postings.   Result: Successfully delivered project on schedule and on budget. Met Risk and Compliance requirements.  ·        Real Time Fraud Alerts. Managed solution design and software development for detecting data changes and messaging queuing for real time Fraud Alert System.   Results: Successfully developed and tested solution that enabled detecting changes in core customer and credit card systems integrated with Fraud Detection System.   ·        Credit Risk DataMart. Served as technical lead on the multi-year enterprise-wide initiative to implement core risk and compliance Data Warehouse that integrated data from more than 50 various system. Defined solution, managed implementation planning, managed working session and reported status to management.   Result: Timely delivered integrated risk system that improved quality of reporting and data traceability throughout of the organization.   ·        Customer Segmentation. Managed all phases of development and implementation of the customer segmentation process at the core customer database. Worked with CRM and Business Line units to define business rules and to convert them into logical procedures.   Result: Completed project within the timeline, delivered scalable adaptive software. Received “Extra Mile” recognition from the senior management.   ·        Customer Scoring System. Managed reverse-engineering initiative to build software for modeling Marketing Campaigns. Worked in close collaboration with Data Science and Advanced Analytics team to define requirements and build software.   Result: Timely delivered software that exceeded quality and precision of vendor alternatives.  Project Manager/Consultant Cambridge Healthtech Associates, Biotech Consulting, MA February 2012 to February 2013 • Performed business analysis, developed project plans, prepared project valuations for the clients in the collaborative technology development projects  • Coordinated work between Business Development, Accounting, Marketing, IT and other departments, communicated with senior management (CSO, CFO) and external vendors  • Coached management and project team in project management concepts and techniques  • Analyzed market data and trends to conduct cost benefit analysis, evaluated competitive pricing models and interest level within the industry  • Conducted marketing researches to identify new trends of interests within biotech and health-tech industry including researches on the Big Data and Data Integration  • Analyzed database's member's characteristics and activities to evaluate possible business expansion and lead generation  • Made recommendations for corporate strategy improvements. Identified specific areas where cost reductions were possible. Contributed into refining business model and corporate strategy Project Management GDI Inc September 2011 to July 2012 Project Manager  • Interacted with clients to define project requirements and deliverables, established project milestones and timelines  • Planned resource allocation supplies usage and delivery, reported project progress to the stakeholders and management  • Communicated with the local regulatory authorities to gather requirements for the project implementation, monitored compliance  • Tracked labor hours and material allocation, documented expenses and reported resource usage to the management on the weekly basis  • Provided ongoing support to the project team, trained new employees, monitored project quality Education Certification Stanford University 2019 Certification John Hopkins University 2016 Programming Certification Rice University 2013 MS in Finance Boston University 2012 BS in Economics University of Massachusetts 2009 Skills Data analytics, Db2, Machine learning, Application development, Python Certifications/Licenses SQL