Technical Program Manager Technical Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Program Manager - Cloudistics Ashburn, VA Work Experience Technical Program Manager Cloudistics February 2019 to Present Managing and tracking dependencies during project(s) execution phase and reporting out issues and escalating when needed.  ? Collaborating with Engineering leads to prepare specifications of product delivery leading to product releases.  ? Engaging with internal and external stakeholders to streamline processes, identifying and defining risk mitigation strategies and facilitated appropriate software engineering solutions.  ? Managing the software schedules and leading cross-functional teams. Senior Project Manager US Patent and Trademark Office 2017 to May 2018 Understanding customer's key requirements and critical success factors for efficient project delivery and management.  ? Delivering weekly status reports with performance trending analysis.  ? Updating monthly reports for project to include status, risks, schedules, mitigation plans, and future requirements  ? Implementing change control processes after approval from Change Control Board and documenting in the project management plan.  ? Managing policies and processes to achieve accurate and timely updates while documenting the requirement and conducting status meetings.  ? Implementing DevOps practices within different business units within the organization while providing briefings to senior level management and stakeholders to communicate status and ensure stakeholder engagement. IT Project Manager DELL/QUEST - Reston, VA 2014 to February 2017 Led US team of 8 technical software engineers. Met target deliverables of all functions across broad technical, financial and business with a budget up to $8 million.  ? Managed planning process, delivery and implementation of new services of the supported enterprise solutions to existing and new customers.  ? Decreased deployment and service times 25% by developing and implementing improvement plan, training and standardizing deployment procedures.  ? Increased business unit revenue through up-selling opportunities.  ? Delivered weekly status reports with performance trending analysis and developed a detailed project management plan to monitor and track progress of the project while documenting all the lessons learned.  ? Successfully managed changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using project change control techniques. Customer Success Manager COLLEGE-BOARD - Reston, VA 2013 to 2014 Improved customer service levels through process standardization and implementation of key metrics (e.g. .3 pt. improvement in customer delight scores).  ? Provided support to clients by resolving complaints when intended course plan was no longer feasible.  ? Initiated investigation of order entry errors, damaged product, and return discrepancies, working closely with other departmental teams to ensure corrections were processed accurately and timely.  ? Proactively reached out to clients to strengthen engagement and utilization. Cloud Engagement Manager CloudReach Managing a team of 10 software engineers and the full life-cycle of internal software development projects according to agile framework.  ? Managing stakeholder expectations by clearly articulating scope, schedule and budget.  ? Technical evaluation of client requirements to move infrastructure to the cloud. Education Web Development Certificate George Washington University - Washington, DC 2018 Bachelor of Arts in (BA), Journalism Texas Southern University - Houston, TX MBA Texas Woman's University - Denton, TX Skills Firebase, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Mongoose, Node.js, Deployment, Mvc, Mongodb, Nosql, Unix, jquery, Css, Usability, Mysql, Algorithms, Windows 7, Windows vista, Windows xp Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/murial-anindo Additional Information TECHNICAL // SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows 7,10, Windows Vista, Windows XP, UNIX  Technologies: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, Node JS, React, Bootstrap, Materialize, Handlebars, Sequelize, Algorithms,  Mongoose, Express (routing, MVC paradigm)  Databases: MySQL and MongoDB, NoSQL  Backup solutions/Cloud: Netvault, Rapid Recovery & Vranger, AWS, Google Cloud    Movie List (CHILLIST)  Role: Designed systems from a user perspective and usability of the application.  ? Movie List is a simple/fun React application that movie goers can use to view new released movies and favorite them.  ? Developed with: React.js, Firebase, Heroku, Node.JS  ? Heroku Deployment: https://dry-cliffs-10729.herokuapp.com/