Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Performance and Operational Management Atlanta, GA Solution oriented manager with over 10 years of progressive experience streamlining technology systems and processes. Coupled with technical expertise, strong business acumen and operational understanding to ensure all technical strategies and activities align with corporate goals and partner effectively with teams and clients. Self-motivated and results driven problem solver, consistent follow through in executing and streamlining processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Thales Group - Atlanta, GA 2018 to Present • Lead the Atlanta team delivery of the Government Program Driver's License Project for the State of Georgia.  • Facilitate project meetings, hold project participants accountable, creates and post meeting minutes, reviews and posts project documents, maintains project schedules and milestones and ensures project owners/contributors adhere to set timelines, budgets, and deliverables.  • Manages and reports on changes to business requirements, projects scope and project schedules using appropriate, defined business channels.  • Forms collaborative partnerships with all levels of staff, including sales, operations, technology, and other departments; Manages conflicting point of views to arrive at creative responsive solutions.  • Assembles project team, assigning individual responsibilities, identifying appropriate resources needed and developing schedule to ensure timely completion of project and meeting deadlines of project.  • Provides management direction to team members during project life cycle, ensures business alignments, team capacity and quality assurance as it relates to the entire project portfolio.  • Lead, execute and implements all special projects in accordance to production times and project plans, ensuring to hold team accountable for deliverables. Director of Operations McNulty International - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2018 • Provide proactive strategic leadership for three business operations for MI parent company.  • Client implementation, onboarding, servicing and recruiting of staff and high performing leadership teams.  • Maintained strong relationships and partnered with internal stakeholders to provide solutions to diverse client challenges.  • Developed and managed project scope, schedule, risks, issues, resources, and deliverables throughout project coordinating with application managers, business partners, and project team.  • Innately identified client needs and provided effective strategies and solutions that aligned with project scope and budget.  • Managed over 40 Sales Accounts and a staff of 10 employees. IT Security Specialist Lead CNA Insurance - Chicago, IL 2014 to 2016 • Lead team that managed governance over ISec Application/Network technical specifications in IBM Health Check Process.  • Generated and deployed company phishing campaigns and follow up activities.  • Managed HIPPA Phase I security Audit gaps and mitigated 52 audit opportunities successfully.  • Principal developer of the 2015-2016 Security Awareness Business Unit Training initiative. IT Project Manager and Business Analyst CNA Insurance - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2014 • Managed team of 15 (local and internationally); successfully deploying Internet Hardening Project and Nexus Aurora.  • Negotiated Statement of Work (SOW) contract collaborating with legal and other internal/external stakeholders.  • Lead proposal presentations of stakeholders/executive leadership, submitted proposals to stakeholders for final approval, answered questions and engaged the necessary parties to answer any customer questions and concerns.  • Lead BA on Quality Lead Initiative worked with Marketing and Underwriting teams to come up with a process to capture quality  leads for future CNA business. Gathered and developed high level requirements for project. Regional Account Manager Roche - Chicago, IL 2010 to 2012 • SPOC for patients, MDs, pharmacies and insurance carriers to assure accuracy of insurance claim/coverage processing. Managed over 100 physician offices throughout the Illinois region.  • Identified reimbursement knowledge barriers and provided education to patients and providers to   assist in effectively navigating through insurance and payer managed care reimbursement processes.  • Consulted physician office management on services that we offered to streamline their reimbursement and save costs, which helped increase our Regional Rheumatology Access Solutions assistance enrollment by 20%.  • Collected and analysed data to create reports and graphs to represent current reimbursement trends and current state of business in order to make recommendations.  • Conducted weekly/monthly meetings with field partners and provider offices to create strategic plans for each account.  • Developed and facilitated a 4-week team building workshop to enhance the relationships and communication amongst team.    TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY  SAS Enterprise | Peoplesoft | Microsoft Office MS | Project Hummingbird |  Primavera | CRM Systems | Contract Management Systems | Salesforce | PhishMe | SharePoint Education MS in PUBLIC SERVICE MANAGEMENT DePaul University Skills Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Budgeting, Business Operations, Performance Management, Relationship Management Additional Information Perfomance Highlights:    • Developed strategy that enabled team members to proactively reset their focus to ensure the successful execution and delivery of projects.  • Instrumental in hiring high performing team(s) that lead, sustain growth, and address business needs.  • Consistently coach and leads team to over exceed client goals and as such my team is continuously recognized for our achievements.   • Key contributor in deploying million dollar enterprise-wide projects under budget.