Project Manager, IT <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Manager, IT - NEP GROUP, INC Pittsburgh, PA Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Oracle, SQL Server, Windows Server, TCP/IP, SMTP, HTTP, FTP, DNS, iOS Management, AirWatch, MDM, VPP, Adobe Creative Cloud, Wordpress, Webflow, CSS, HTML5, Citrix XenApp, macOS, iOS, Google for Work, Exchange Server, Munki. Work Experience Project Manager, IT NEP GROUP, INC - Pittsburgh, PA 2018 to Present Pittsburgh, PA  NEP is the world's leading outsourced technical production partner for premier content producers of live sports, entertainment, music and corporate events.  Project Manager, IT, 2018-Present  • Managed $3M in Centralized Shared Services Budgets.  • Managed Shared Services Consolidation and standardization through the implementation of a 7-region organizational reporting structure.  • Managed a multi-year standardization of 42 divisions on consolidated software, solutions and processes.  • Completed Disaster Recovery planning and plan US-based consolidated infrastructure.  • Facilitated the consolidation of software agreements to leverage global spend.  • Created NEP's IT standards for the integration of Mergers and Acquisitions across Collaboration, Network, Voice/Telecom, Active Directory and Cloud Solutions.  • Oversaw 7 multi-million-dollar, multi-country integrations of acquired organizations into NEP's Global Solutions using standard Project Management Framework, Tools & Techniques. INDEPENDENT CONSULTANT Self-Employed - Pittsburgh, PA 2014 to Present Digital Solutions Project Manager NEP Group - Pittsburgh, PA October 2017 to March 2019 * Completed development and global market launch of new Webflow based corporate and regional sites.  * Managed development of new regionalized brand sites for business segments communicating with developers and division leadership. Junior Project Manager, IT NEP Group - Pittsburgh, PA January 2018 to December 2018 • Together with the Director, Global IT Shared Services, developed an integration framework for fast, efficient and seamless integrations as part of M&A activities.  • Managed, developed and maintained 16 multi-language website solutions for NEP brands in the US, UK, Sweden, Spain, Japan and Australia.  • Developed a standard 30, 60, and 90-day rapid integration plan.  • Completed Business Continuity Management Planning with US-based divisions.  • Managed the development of a common IT Online Management Console to centralize budgeting, IT System inventory, Vendor and Contracts Systems Support Specialist NIP Group - Pittsburgh, PA October 2016 to January 2018 * Utilize sound judgment and timeliness to provide effective diagnostic evaluation of company needs while responding to and resolving to each issue or complaint with diplomacy and tact, while still upholding the core values of NEP.  * Accurately document, track and monitor problems to ensure an appropriate resolution which requires a high level of attention to detail.  * Quickly identity potential issues, research and work as a team to resolve technical problems in a timely manner via during company acquisitions and communicate via telephone, email, and Service-Now incident submissions in a mixed-platform environment.  * Engage in self- initiated professional growth through assessing chief issues and company needs and implementing services or solutions through their worldwide network.  * Facilitate the creation, updating of, and deployment of macOS and Windows-based images across a worldwide network. IT Coordinator SAINT ELIZABETH ANN SETON CATHOLIC CHURCH & SCHOOL - Palm Coast, FL 2011 to 2016 Adjunct Instructor, Continuing Education Pennsylvania Highlands Community College - Johnstown, PA August 2012 to May 2014 Marketing Intern PENNSYLVANIA HIGHLANDS COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Johnstown, PA 2012 to 2014 Education Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy in Computer Science SAINT VINCENT COLLEGE - Latrobe, PA May 2016 Associate of Arts PENNSYLVANIA HIGHLANDS COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Johnstown, PA May 2014 Skills Customer Service, Outlook, Word, budget, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Estimating, Maintenance, Project Management (3 years), PM, Waterfall Links http://linkedin.com/in/austinkeith http://austinp.me