Consulting Project Manager / IT / Procces Control Consulting <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> /<span class="hl">IT</span> / Procces Control Project Manament Consulting Engineer / IT Weston, FL Telecommunication Engineer  Ingeniero at Telécomunicaciones  Professional with the capacity to analyze, design, project and manage in sectors of the industries  Electronics, communications and mechanics. Activities based primarily on the  Projection, research, installation, operation, conservation and maintenance of equipment of  Communication, telephony, Radio television. Human and technical resources Management. Direction and  Organization of projects in the area of Technology. Analysis and design of communication systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consulting Project Manager / IT / Procces Control Banesco Banco Universal - Caracas, Venezuela January 2009 to August 2016 Project Consultant in the IT area Change Management Department. Management of the change management process through procedures  Operatives and technological enablers. Process Planning and management to facilitate the implementation of changes in the systems platforms of the  Bank, control and monitoring of these changes to report results,  Complying with the internal policies and rules of the change process. To Support the technological areas of the Bank, through consultations, via telephone, e-mail and the Web, in order to make known the  tool, its correct use and achieve the maximum performance in its  Operation. Train users of technology, through lectures and courses, in order to prepare users in the use and management of new  Tools and technical updates. Support the head of department in the sessions of the Committee on changes, through the presence in the meetings of  Work, in order to bring the assistance, to make the report of the most important conclusions, for its publication on the site, electronic mail and to make the special presentations of statistics, reinforcements of norms  Etc. To Generate the log of changes approved by the Committee, for its  Dissemination on the organization's website. Elaborate Weekly, Monthly and  Quarterly the statistics of changes, through the technological enabler  And Excel reports, in order to visualize the success, motive and  Area of changes made in production and take corrective actions  Necessary. To Receive and analyze, daily, requests for change, through the Workflow tool, in order to verify changes that impact other services and affect customer service, to proceed to your  Approval or forwarding them to another instance. To Support strategic projects of the VP of Technology and other areas of the organization, through work meetings and presentation of results to the respective Committee, in order to reach the  Objective within the time and with the established quality. Generate The management indicators, with the purpose of issuing the detours and alerts  Detected, to take the corrective actions necessary. To Elaborate the agenda of the different committees of change, through the Habilitator CCC Harvest and  Reports in Excel, in order to be published on the site for evaluation on the respective Committee. Perform periodic audits of the different services, through the verification of the tool used, to ensure compliance with the change management process. Track Changes after your  Implementation, revise its results and follow up the closure of the same within the established times. Perform Post-  Implementation (PIR) of those changes with result, unSuccessful. Management of ITIL Methodology  Less Consultor de Proyecto Provizon Consultores, C.A - Caracas, Distrito Capital April 2008 to April 2009 Caracas, Venezuela  Project consultant in monitoring and tracking, projects from start to end, monitoring of activities timeline, oversight, cost and  Quality. Also developing functions of Asesoría Administrativa, management in the area of accounting, purchase and sales books, income control and  Egress, cashing. Facturación: handling orders and orders for purchases, contracts, bonds, working hours. Managing the procuration,  Handling of minutes, participation in tender processes. Analyst of employers'and commercial obligations. Recruitment and selection functions, development of profiles for resource purposes. Education Bachelor's in Science Universidad Santa Maria - Caracas, Distrito Capital September 2004 to July 2009 Bachelor of Science Escuela de Ingeníeria 2009 Skills CENTRAL OFFICE (9 years), DATA COLLECTION (5 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (5 years), TEAM MANAGEMENT (5 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (2 years), CCNA (2 years), ITIL (2 years), Consulting (5 years), Excel (10+ years), Word, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses CCNA Routing and Switching June 2008 to Present Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  Capacidad analítica Habilidades de comunicación  Carácter innovador Respeto  Capacidad de trabajo en equipo Proactividad y capacidad de  Habilidades de Liderazgo autoaprendizaje  Team management Adaptabilidad  Budget coordination Habilidades sociales  Client Relation Project management  Project Management Data collection  Creative Problem solving