Manager Program Quality <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Quality SENIOR IT Quality, Program/ Project Manager Fairfax, VA Work Experience Manager Program Quality Hill-Rom - Cary, NC February 2019 to Present Zenith, 20+ million-dollar program is one of a kind at Hill-Rom. This will integrate Patient Data coming from different medical devices, apply extreme Analytics and will generate information beneficial to caregivers in determining early warning signs pertaining patient deterioration.  Leading a team of 10 onshore and offshore groups, that’s responsible for requirements gathering, quality assurance, and quality control of cloud-based application. Manage and administer group annual Plan budget.   ¨       Training and educating Technical and Business teams involved in Zenith on Agile frame work.  ¨       Overseeing Project plans across teams to ensure impediments are addressed on time  ¨       Conducting Scrum of Scrum to ensure effective cross communication  ¨       Providing bi-weekly status to executive steering committee on Release 1 progress and on Release 2 plan  ¨       Resource onboarding across teams  ¨       Creating testing strategy, defining best practices and approaches that includes testing of HL7 protocols, validation of Rules Engine, of API services.  ¨       Implementing automation testing framework and targeting 90% automated test execution. Goal is to have manual testing only for E2E test cases where actual devices are involved and require manual intervention to trigger data for Enterprise Gateway.  ¨       Identifying dependencies, gaps across teams and managing the mitigation plan for dependencies  ¨       Set up BETA site for formal V&V SENIOR IT Project Manager MetLife - Cary, NC March 2018 to December 2018 Independent consultant that worked on a multimillion-dollar Program at MetLife. Primary responsibilities included managing yearly budget, working closely with business and tech leads to identify high level requirements. Working with PMs to define project plans  ? Created and maintained Program level plan on budget, resources, impediments and dependencies  ? Worked closely with project managers in defining strategic plan across projects and relating milestones back to program's road map  ? Reviewed cross-teams project plans, dependencies and provided feedback  ? Prepared and presented weekly program status to leadership team and stakeholders  ? Streamlined communication between upstream and downstream teams, improved cross team partnership and collaboration  ? Transformed group delivery approach from Waterfall to Agile methodology.  ? Reviewed existing Test Approach and test cases. Eliminated redundant test cases by 34%. This reduced QA test execution effort and budget was used to increase automation effort which helped accommodate delays in code delivery by dev teams.  ? Helped improved team's ability to analyze requirements and create efficient test cases by providing internal trainings on Requirement Analysis and Test Case authoring process.  ? Worked closely with Business teams to build positive relationship and to arranged knowledge sessions between QA and Business resulting in high quality test cases from QA team  ? Helped prepared UAT plans and facilitated UAT/QA daily sync up calls Program Manager Duke Clinical Research Institute - Durham, NC August 2016 to March 2018 Responsible for overseeing the delivery of multiple projects in Tech Services Group under Data solutions Program. Ensuring proper use of project management, development and data management tools. Serving as a POC for Programmers, Data Managers, Clinical Operations and other groups for any program related activities. Managed team of 12 resources that included FTE and consultants.  ? Lead discussions with project managers defining project charters across multiple projects  ? Planned and prepared programs budget  ? Remodeled resource utilization forecasting for better accuracy and efficiency from 90 to 30 days, this increased our efficiency by 45%.  ? Improved release management process by implementing Agile Framework. This helped increase transparency amongst Business Project Leads and Technical Managers resulting improved and positive customer experience  ? Implemented new estimation model for QA team which improved upfront communication between the Program Managers and CROs  ? Implemented automation execution for ETL services reducing manual test execution effort by 20% AVP- Project Manager of QA and Testing Deutsche Bank - Cary, NC August 2013 to August 2016 Implemented best Quality Practices in Equity Synthesis and Securities Lending /FRM domains. Managed team of 22+ offshore resources working on multiple projects and utilized both Agile and Waterfall methodologies across different projects.  ? Prepared and Managed Program budget for Equities Synthesis group  ? Worked closely with projects managers across projects to understand their milestones and provided strategic roadmap  ? Lead projects managers in prioritizing projects across program by understanding interdependencies  ? Engaged business and technical leads in defining high level business goals and obtaining realistic technical solutions  ? Built brand new QA organization for Equities and Securities Lending domains  ? Implemented Release management by using IRA which helped manage workload across scrum teams and eliminated dependencies on email communication from team members  ? By adding Testing in SDLC, it helped improved code quality and reduced defect leakage to production  ? Implemented fully automated framework to assess legacy systems saving $500K in testing effort  ? Implemented clear communication culture by encouraging leads across teams to have leads meeting. This  enabled leads to discuss dependencies in detail outside the program calls  ? Improved cross team collaboration  ? Hired Business Analysts to gather requirements from traders across multiple projects, prior to these traders were directly talking to tech leads and providing requirements  ? Held Scrum of Scrum to ensure clear communication to Program  ? Prepared and presented weekly program status for Senior leadership and stakeholders  ? Implemented internal audit process within the Equity team to ensure readiness for Audit at organization level  ? Implemented successful Agile frame work across Equities and Sec Lending teams Education Bachelor of Arts in English Literature and Psychology in English Literature and Psychology Punjab University Skills Budgeting (Less than 1 year), Capa (Less than 1 year), cgmp (Less than 1 year), Cmmi (Less than 1 year), Corrective and preventive action (Less than 1 year), Cost reduction (Less than 1 year), Crm (Less than 1 year), Customer relationship management (Less than 1 year), Financial services (Less than 1 year), Gcp (Less than 1 year), Healthcare (Less than 1 year), Hr (Less than 1 year), Ibm svc (Less than 1 year), Iso (Less than 1 year), Large-scale (Less than 1 year), offshore (3 years), Pmbok (Less than 1 year), Project leadership (Less than 1 year), project management (1 year), testing (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/nabeela-masood-82998910a Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0pcf-ag2zu-sjpkt Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Highlights of Expertise  • Program and Project Management  • Negotiation & Vendor Management  • Strategic Planner, Effective communicator  • Quality Assurance and Testing  • Agile Transformation  • P&L Accountability, Cost Reduction, & Budgeting  • Financial Services, Healthcare and Medical Industries    • Multi-Team Coordination (Onshore & Offshore)  • Large-Scale Project Leadership  • PMBOK, CMMI SVC & DEV, ISO 9001  • GCP, cGMP, CAPA, FINRA  • DevOps, CI/CD, CRM, HR, & Quality Management Systems, Automation