IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - Scripps Health Santee, CA Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER Scripps Health - San Diego, CA 2015 to Present SR. EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT Scripps Health - San Diego, CA 2013 to 2015 PATIENT SERVICE REP Scripps Health - San Diego, CA 2012 to 2013 Crites Construction Consulting (Moreno Valley, CA), OWNER/ PROJECT MANAGER  Diamond Construction (Colton, CA), PROJECT MANAGER  Bethel Christian Schools (Riverside ,CA)    Projects and Achievement Highlights:  • Led Volunteers from multiple teams in an effort to provide families with gifts, food, and other needs during the holidays. We worked with the Soldiers Angles for 2 years and with the Jewish family services to provide over 60 families with gifts, trees, meals, and other needs during the Christmas Season. Organized volunteers, arranged transportation for deliveries, created communication for donations.   • Epic EHR Implementation: Drove organizational readiness for 3 Waves of implementations and one enterprise upgrade of the new Epic EHR across 5 hospitals and 32 clinics. Steered meetings with organizational leaders to develop a strategic plan for implementing Epic. Worked with site operational leaders to identify next steps to prepare for implementation. Recommended and contracted, 1200 Super Users, 120 phone support and 1000 on site support professionals for each wave of implementation. Created a command center plan including executive leadership, analyst, and operational support at go live. Led the command center operations daily for 4 weeks of just-in-time go live support to comply with budgetary and time constraints. Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in a rapidly changing environment. Identified lessons learned from each site to increase accuracy and productivity in sequential waves.    • Epic Training Redesign: Lead cross functional teams in a training redesign for new employee Epic training. Decreased training time 57%, increased end user satisfaction to 92%, and created a collaborative relationship between corporate training and IT training teams. Developed and trained both teams to work in SharePoint to reduce time spent to schedule end users, implement improved workflow to eliminate redundancy and increase accuracy. Created and led Epic training roster submission project to 99% accuracy.    • IT Department Relocation: Collaborated with facilities to redesign an existing facility to house corporate IT infrastructure and relocated 500 + IT professionals from multiple locations to a single location. Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches to create detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.    * Residential and Public Works: remodels, additions, and new construction. Worked with regulatory bodies, owners, and vendors to produce end products meeting regulatory requirements within time, budget, and scope. Education BBA University of Phoenix - Ontario, CA New Horizons Computer Learning Centers - San Diego, CA Skills Project lifecycle, Requirements analysis, Migrations, Budgeting, Portfolio management, PMP Certifications/Licenses PMP August 2018 to August 2021 Additional Information Volunteer History  1. Bethel Christian Church: Children's Choir and Church.   2. Bethel Christian School: Substitute Teacher, Volleyball Coach, Basketball Coach   3. River of Life Church: Children's Church Leader, Led teaching volunteers for 4 services per week.. Created curriculum and led plays