Desktop Support Desktop Support Desktop Support Providence, RI • Supported all technically issues including networking, patching, cabling, new hire setups, deployments to clients, remote support, phone support, device support.  • Software's used daily (Active Directory, RDP, DAMEWARE, GOTOASSIST WIN7, WINXP, WIN8).  • Windows XP to Windows 7 Migration, assist with medical software's and configured over 200+ databases) Partnered with Dell (2014).  • Provided one-on-one end user problem resolutions over the for the client PC software and connectivity.  • Sets up and assisted in the configuration of end-user PC desktop hardware, software and peripherals, both onsite and remotely through Bomgar or VNC, VTC.  • Identified, diagnosed, and resolved first level problems for end-users of the workstations, laptops, terminal services. Work Experience Desktop Support Freedom Tech August 2018 to May 2019 • Support Incoming live helpdesk  • 1000+ External clients such as (firefighters, police, ambulance, lawyers, doctors, construction)  • 25 + call daily 5 persons helpdesk over 150+ calls per day high FCR  • Onsite support when clients request  • Remote VPN support for external and internal clients over 100+ customers per client  • Imaging computers while supporting live helpdesk multitasking  • Support & upgraded all OS, MAC, WINDOWS 7-10  • Office 365 management and project management and allocating time for new users and account daily  • Server 2012 and Active Directory/Exchange server access for support  • Barracuda and traffic administration for whitelisting and blocking emails Senior Support Service Technician Dominion Diagnostics June 2016 to August 2018 • Supported all technically issues including networking, patching, cabling, new hire setups, deployments to clients, remote support, phone support, device support.  • Managed two technicians relating to hardware issue.  • Supported over 340 client's internal only helpdesk tech.  • All devices managed and supported. Project Manager Sonos January 2015 to February 2016 • Provided key support to the Team Manager to coordinate with the other members on team.  • Ensured each location was setup properly and efficiently.  • Had to report on each contractor assigned to the project on how their work was progressing.  • Setup over 200+ RJ45 and phone jacks as well as 2000 Monitors including 30+ televisions. IT Service Desk Manager Neptune-Benson December 2014 to February 2015 • Vlookup for Reporting - for specified common inter office issues while developing an in-office ticketing system per user/department specified; Performed any function related to the company's overall expansion and growth within technology provided and test End-User software before presenting software that may have been purchased if it provided the functions necessary, all while troubleshooting hundreds of technical issues.  • Supported users onsite and remotely.  • Skilled in assisting my manager with Accounting as well which was divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, auditing processes for Thrive Network (3rd party vendor we managed).  • Assisted executives any time of day with any technical issue.  • Supported all AutoCAD issues when supporting designers.  • LAN/WAN/VPN troubleshooting and tunneling was common at this organization.  • Reset user's Oracle logins and performed other administrative functions with Oracle.  • Ability to set ODBC Oracle drivers.  • All devices and reports assets were Managed and reported company assets by reporting on a company's assets laptops, cellphones and more.  • Accounting background/knowledge - Plainview. IT Support Technician CVS Caremark June 2014 to January 2015 • Supported, monitored, tested and troubleshot hardware and software problems.  • VMware troubleshooting, VPN (Cisco any connect), Nortel vpn.  • Oracle databases setup and identifying route issues.  • Multi-tasked using phone and remote in to three pcs while still asking the user the ticket information to input.  • LAN/WAN/VPN troubleshot and tunneled.  • SharePoint admin for users whom could not upload documents to troubleshoot and provide them access.  • Level 3 meetings (web meeting) through SharePoint and outlook configuration.  • Software's used daily (Active Directory, RDP, DAMEWARE, GOTOASSIST WIN7, WINXP, WIN8).  • Followed SLA per business impact and per issue.  • Skilled in supporting Excel 2010-2013 Spreadsheet issues such as Vlookup formulas.  • Managed BUSINESS CRICTAL alerts by discovering the issues and escalating when needed.  • Set certain permissions and grants for SharePoint users and increase memory per user.  • Supported HIGH LEVEL issues as well as VP users.  • Managed users/clients important credit card transaction errors and make sure they get processed correctly within as400 (claims). IT Support Technician CG Group February 2014 to January 2015 • Supported over 500 clients.  • Traveled to Naval Base Fort Bragg for support.  • Supported all device apple, android, iOS, blackberry, iPad, tablet, projectors.  • Military Clarence access high level access.  • Managed all hardware assets and supported all issues hardware and software related internal. Managed Services Helpdesk/ IT Support Corporate IT Solutions December 2013 to July 2014 • Managed Services Helpdesk engineer installing printers, new users adding users to the correct workgroup.  • Identified, diagnosed, and resolved first level problems for end-users of the workstations, laptops, terminal services.  • Provided Oracle (odbc) assistance on all levels.  • Citrix sessions, end-user software and hardware, network and VPN connectivity, the Internet, server services, server drive space, validation of server error messages for escalation, and new computer technology in a call center.  • Provided one-on-one end user problem resolutions over the for the client PC software and connectivity.  • Sets up and assisted in the configuration of end-user PC desktop hardware, software and peripherals, both onsite and remotely through Bomgar or VNC, VTC.  • Provided weekly spreadsheet of the migration assets while at Blue Cross.  • Supported hundreds of clients such as CVS Caremark, HONEYWELL BATTERY, Accenture.  • Avaya Support.    Blue Cross Blue Shield, RI  Window Migration Technician  • Windows XP to Windows 7 Migration, assist with medical software's and configured over 200+ databases) Partnered with Dell (2014).  • Residential Properties LTD Accountant training learned fundamental skills for one week.  • Boston Medical BMC**(Windows 7 migration) Partnered with Dell (2014).  • Finance and Manage AVIDA** phone integration/migration with Windstream/Charter (Neptune project) - Other short contracting roles. Project Analyst RBS Citizens Financial Group May 2013 to December 2013 • Troubleshot Avaya IP and Digital phones to ensure connectivity to the intranet.  • Excel function for all citizens up phones to track assets.  • Data Wipe laptops using Norton Ghost removing Windows XP and re-imaged vendor laptops to Windows 7.  • Properly completed tickets through Triole/Oracle, Planview Enterprise when assisting Fujitsu contractors.  • Hardware Support (PC and SERVER components/racking & stacking).    • Basic Avaya IP Telephony (Stations/Gateways) (TTI Terminal Translate Initialization TTT 3cx), programming / Wyse/Avaya Station setup and configuration.  • Hierarchal Overview and functional understanding of Classes of services, restrictions & endpoint.    • Implemented password re-sets and disablement of users removing/deactivating accounts in active tool directory.  • Enabled troubleshooting steps for WYSE terminals VCS (VPN remote access tool/application).  • Troubleshot data wiping and re-imaging processes, when the machines did not identify the software.  • Installed and removed over 1000+ IP/Digital phones.  COO Executive Project Analyst  • Planview Analyst Reviewed all documents the requirements of a project throughout its lifecycle HPSM from importing data from excel and Planview Enterprise.  • Excel Data entries 1200+ colleague/contractor roles administratively in to "Planview Enterprise".  • Developed portfolio management templates for PM's.  • Lead Planview Administrator for entire Citizens organization (only four admins in entire organization).  • Assisted in recruitment of new contractors and helped decide allocation hours and salary per field.  • SharePoint Administrator updates for the organization.  • Understood and followed certain company Build management experience.  • Understood and executed the Policies & Procedures of the company in satisfying the day to day.  • Analyzed numerous Excel tables to ensure the data will accurately reflect within the tool (VIP level).  • Executed data wiping and re-imaging processes to guarantee connectivity to the intranet Adhered to policy and compliance guidelines regarding security of customer information.  • Included RBS Citizens.  • Planview Enterprise or other Excel documentation to allocate.  • Oracle used when inputting information to reflect from the excel or HPSM reporting.  • Excellent written and verbal skills to communicate effectively with vendors and other important business leaders. Education Associates in Information Technology Community College of Rhode Island Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gw8f5wknrv67b68a Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.