Project Manager/Scrum Master <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master Project Manager/Scrum Master Oakland, CA Intelligent and seasoned Business professional with over 15 years of solid national and international experience (in public, private, and startup companies), developing and managing IT & corporate programs and projects using SDLC, PMI, Waterfall, and Agile/Scrum methodologies to meet the customers' and channel partners' needs based on projects roadmap. Excellent relationship management experience and proven ability in identifying customers business requirements and recommending global programs and projects to fill the gaps. Strong verbal and written communications skills, in addition to:  • Customer facing Project and Program Management  • Risk and Change Management  • Business Data Analysis & process improvement  • Performance and Progress Analysis  • Direct and Indirect Business Development  • Knowledge of Genesys Call Center Technology  (IVR, Telephony), CRM, Data Bases, E-Commerce, etc.    • Local and remote Team Management  • Hands on Software development experience  • Customer Expectations Management  • Managing Strategic Partnerships  • Agile Coaching and Training  • Working Knowledge of MS Office, Project, Visio, Share Point, JIRA, Confluence, TFS, FTP, OneNote, Scrum Wise, Illustrator, Photoshop, InDesign, WebEx, Skype, Ring Central. Work Experience Project Manager/Scrum Master CloudVirga - Irvine, CA April 2018 to April 2019 Contractor)  In a nutshell, I was responsible for managing a continuous and incremental delivery of automated/digital mortgage initiation and delivery software packages using Agile methodologies. In charge of running/facilitating Agile/Scrum ceremonies: product backlog grooming, daily scrum meetings, Sprint planning, Sprint backlog grooming, Sprint review, and retrospective meetings. In addition to removing impediments, conflict resolution, risk and issue management, status report documentation, Keeping track of progress via burn-down chart, Team velocity performance evaluation and tracking, using tools such as Value Stream Mapping. I worked closely with Technical team leads and other local and remote Scrum Masters (via Scum of Scrums meetings) to ensure feature dependencies are tracked, managed, and reported. I worked very closely with Product Owners and Development teams to ensure requirements are communicated clearly and early enough, and complexities and dependencies are removed, if possible. I worked with the customer care and stakeholders to ensure we receive customer's feedback on delivered products.    Tools Used:  MS Project and Excel for detail Project Plan, RAID, and Calculating Velocity and Capacity  TFS for keeping track of EPICS, Features, and PBIs and managing various Sprints and progress tracking  JIRA for issue tracking  Share point for document repository and version control, and document approval process  MS office (word, power point, excel, and Visio) for documentation and regular status reporting  Ring Central for online meetings Project Manager/Scrum Master HSF Affiliates - Irvine, CA April 2017 to July 2017 Contractor)  As a member of the PMO office, I was responsible for managing development and implementation of a new Enterprise Contract Management and Billing Application (CM&B) using Agile SDLC methodology.  I was in charge of two remote Scrum teams running two weeks duration Sprints for continuous delivery. I facilitated all Scrum ceremonies (daily scrum meetings, Sprint planning, Sprint backlog grooming, Sprint review, and retrospective meetings), in addition to conflict resolution and supporting the development team with removing road blockers and impediments.    The delivered solutions were meant to replace the existing system in order to improve billing accuracy for marketing and other fees charged to affiliated franchises.    Tools Used:  MS Project and Excel for detail Project Plan  Scrum Wise for managing various Sprints for Scrum projects  One Note for keeping track and sharing project related notes  Adobe Connect for online meetings Project Manager Veros Solutions - Santa Ana, CA July 2015 to September 2016 Customer facing  As a member of the PMO office, in charge of managing highly visible and collaborative multi million dollar software development/implementation projects, using waterfall and Agile methodologies, for government-sponsored financial enterprises (i.e. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac), by working directly with all internal and external stakeholders and cross-functional teams on a daily basis to deliver solutions on time and within budget.  Agile delivery was practiced at times due to certain time sensitive capabilities that had to be delivered urgently, due to government regulations.    This position required attention to details, strong organizational skills, creating and/or proof reading artifacts, relationship building abilities, proactively identifying risks and implementing mitigations before they turn into issues, thorough and effective communication, change management, mentoring and coaching junior project managers, among other project and team management expertise.    Tools used:  MS Project for detail Project Plan  Share point for document repository and version control  Visio for product roadmap and process flow/Swim lanes activities  JIRA for issue tracking and resolution  MS office (word, power point, excel) for documentation (BRD, FRS, RAID), presentation, status reporting and dashboard, cost/resource/budget tracking, etc.  MS Outlook, WebEx, Skype for conferences and meeting International Project/Program Manager Arbonne International, Inc - Irvine, CA October 2013 to March 2015 As a member of the PMO office under the IT department, I managed the International business expansion program that contained 8 parallel different projects, pertaining to the readiness of all functional areas at the time of opening the new country for business:  - Infrastructure readiness (Telecom and Facilities)  - IT readiness to complete the implementation of new release of Ecommerce web based application using waterfall SDLC model  - Finance and accounting departments readiness  - Tax department readiness (VAT registration/calculation)  - Legal department readiness (contracts and other documents compliance)  - Product readiness for the new market based on country requirements and regulations  - Field readiness through training and client engagement  - Marketing and collateral readiness and localization    Tools used:  MS Project for detail Project Plan  Share point and Confluence for document repository and version control  Visio for product roadmap, process flow, and training  JIRA for issue tracking, Tracking QA and UAT execution  MS office (word, power point, excel, etc.) for documentation (BRD, FRS), customer presentation, status reporting and dashboard, cost/resource/budget tracking  MS Outlook, WebEx, Skype for conferences and meeting, communication Sr. IT Project Analyst Consultant 99Only - Los Angeles, CA May 2013 to October 2013 Functional lead on IT related Software release projects for process improvement and re-engineering as well as system enhancement or replacement. The responsibilities included, managing business requirements gathering and gap analysis, conducting functional design meetings, managing creation of related artifacts, holding stakeholders review sessions, and mentoring junior Business analysts.    Tools used:  Share point for document repository and version control  Visio for product roadmap, process flow, and training  Excel for issue tracking, Tracking QA and UAT execution  MS office (word, power point, excel, etc.) for documentation (BRD, FRS), status reporting  MS Outlook, WebEx, Skype for conferences and meeting IT General Manager - Project Management Mitra Adiperkasa - Jakarta, ID April 2012 to January 2013 Leading Software release projects, process optimization and re-engineering, and leading teams of experts in implementing various technology and business process solutions to fill the gaps was the major part of my position at this leading retailer company in Indonesia with over 1,900 retail stores.  The implementation projects included implementation of an E-Commerce website, new Merchandize planning system, Promotional Planning system, POS, and the Customer Loyalty program/CRM (ETP).    Tools used:  MS Project for detail Project Plans  Share point for document repository and version control, and document approval process  Visio and Power Point for process flow, Technical Design  MS office (word, power point, excel, etc.) for documentation (BRD, FRS), status reporting and dashboard, cost/resource/budget tracking, etc. IT Global Project Manager/Coordinator Thermo Fisher Scientific - Western and Northern Europe March 2011 to April 2012 In charge of initiating and managing technical projects and cross functional team across Europe and remotely. Projects included, implementation of MS CRM and Electronic Invoicing, that impacted multiple departments, systems, or work-flows with moderate to high risk and complexity. Responsibilities also included requirement gathering, project documents preparation (i.e. URS, User Guide, Training material, Test Scripts, etc.), project status review and communication, schedule and issue tracking, lead test and validation, contract and subcontract administration, system maintenance and analysis, data quality, compliance to applicable laws, regulations and standards, and working with business leaders to determine priorities, timing and budget.    Tools used, MS Project for detail Project Plan  Share point for document repository and version control  Visio for product roadmap, process work flow  MS office (word, power point, excel) for documentation, presentation, status reporting, cost/resource/budget tracking, etc.  MS Outlook, WebEx, Skype for conferences and meeting Business Analysis Consultant Spectrum Chemicals - Gardena, CA March 2010 to December 2010 In charge of business operation and processes analysis and evaluation for efficiency improvements in various functional areas of the business by helping to implement Oracle Workflow and Oracle ERP system. Functional areas under study were Purchasing and Procurement, Order Entry/Management and Customer Service, Quality Control and Lab Operation, Delivery, Packing, and Shipping departments. The responsibilities also included documenting Business Requirements and help in preparing Functional Requirements and organizing the project team (third party developers, stakeholders, testers, and others), and ensuring the success and completion of the project on time.    Tools used:  Share point for document repository and version control  Visio for product roadmap and process flow for each product  JIRA for issue tracking and resolution  MS office (word, power point, excel) for documentation (BRD, FRS, gap analysis), presentation, status reporting and dashboard. Principal Customer Success Program Manager Alcatel-Lucent - Daly City, CA June 2007 to September 2009 Responsibilities included:  Developing and executing programs for strategic customers to resolve any call center related software solution implementation issues to ensure gaining customer reference-ability. The Implemented project I monitored and managed included IVR, and other Telephony solution.  This position also involved working with and motivating cross-functional teams to affect process improvements resulting in more effective internal communication and more smooth project implementation and issue/risk resolution.    Tools used:  Excel for Issue tracking, resolution, and reporting  Share point for document repository and version control  Visio for process flow  MS office (word, power point, excel) for documentation (BRD, FRS), presentation, status reporting Education M.S. in Telecommunications Management Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA B.S. in Computer Science California State University - Hayward, CA Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/6vl6adj74mxk-k8d Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.