IT Technician II <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician II Experienced IT Technical and Business Management Arlington, TX I have a BBA from UT Arlington (UTA), with years of business and management work experience that I would like to integrate with my information technology career that I love. I bring to the table both IT and business management acumen to the right company that needs such talent. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician II Retail Technology Group - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX June 2017 to Present Perform scheduled, as well as emergency on-call troubleshooting and repair of any technical issues for restaurants with contracts with Retail Technology Group (RTG). This includes POS computers and any peripherals, to the network to the back office servers and anything on the main rack: switches, modems, firewalls, hot spots, etc. If we have never dealt with an issue before we are expected to learn it and solve the problem on the spot, regardless. I have consistently proved excellent at analyzing, learning, and solving in short order issues I have never seen before. I can disassemble, find an issue, repair it, and reassemble most any technology related component assigned to me. IT Technician SmartSource Technical Staffing - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX April 2014 to Present • Installing and uninstalling, and testing components at Chase bank branch locations such as: Memory on servers on main rack, Uninterrupted power supply and pod on rack, Wiping data from retired computers, Credit card readers, Dual monitors and configuration  • Uninstalled and backed up data from old workstations and installed and restored multiple new workstations from Windows XP to Windows 7 at other company locations   • Skills used here were everything from OS upgrades to hardware maintenance and upgrades Field Service Technician Spaceek, Inc. - Richardson, TX March 2017 to May 2017 • Installed, tested, and repaired network of a new parking sensor technology.  • Writing of technical manuals regarding the installations of networks and the hardware required.  • Made improvements, tested and replaced technology that was being used that didn't work. Shop Technician Ricoh USA - Arlington, TX September 2016 to March 2017 Assembling and programming, and testing Ricoh MFP's and printers. The position requires being able to assemble and setup a wide range of machines, as well as troubleshoot issues. Within a month of being employed at Ricoh I have been promoted to "Specials", which means setting up machines for special customers such as Fedex, the US Air Force, and US Army Corps of Engineers, etc. Site Data Analyst ID Plans Corp. - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX July 2016 to September 2016 • Survey data of retail properties and enter data into proprietary software of the company. Requires a wide range of technical as well as business knowledge and competencies. 3D Print Project Analyst/ IT Manager Lapgear - Arlington, TX 2014 to December 2015 • Operating 3D printer for the production of parts to be used in prototypes of models.  • Using Blender creating 3D renders of potential new products with STL / SLA files.  • Maintaining and repairing the 3D printer: replaced nearly all parts, including motherboard, and rewired the 3D printer.  • Manage daily technology needs and processes of the organization.  • Maintain and support company network, backing up systems on servers, checking back-ups.  • Adding and removing users to and from domain.  • Setting up new hardware and maintaining old hardware.    Accomplishments  - Initiated a product line to provide product to an entire demographic that had been ignored by the company IT Project Support and Trainer CompuCom - Dallas, TX October 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities   • Troubleshoot issues with user’s machines via phone support  • Support on a project involving hundreds of businesses  • Support with Windows XP and Windows 7   • Troubleshoot and Support Microsoft Outlook migration project Education CompTIA A+ in Information Technology NCSA 2007 to 2008 BBA in Business Management and Administration University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX 1984 to 1989 Skills 3D Printing using Gigabot anf Makergear M2 Printers, 3D Modeling using various programs, Repairing 3D Printers, It Specialist, Comptia, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Information Technology, Network Support, Computer Repair, Service Desk, Tech Support, PM, Project Management, PM, Itil Certifications/Licenses Computer Hardware Technician CH-111, 2012 in Information Technology February 2012 to Present Studied and took a test regarding all basic computer hardware. Computer Hardware Technician 2011 CH-211, 2012 in Information Technology March 2012 to Present Studied and took a test regarding more advanced computer hardware. Microsoft Office XP CS-295, 2012 in Information Technology March 2012 to Present Studied and took a test regarding all Microsoft Office XP. A valid IT Specialist certification