IT Program Manager - Senior Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Senior Consultant IT Program Manager - Senior Consultant Sunrise, FL Highly qualified Bilingual (Spanish) Project Manager/Business Analyst with Client facing experience. High level of competence in conducting information gathering interviews and producing written documentation. Proven ability to meet and exceed expectations in quality and rollout. Consistently able to identify problems and implement solutions. Strong organizational, analytical, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Extremely motivated self-starter and highly driven goal-focused performer. Work Experience IT Program Manager - Senior Consultant Effectus Partners February 2019 to August 2019 * Provided strategic thought leadership to top priority initiatives impacting multiple business functions. Delivered consultative services to clients while leading the technology vertical for the organization. Simultaneously led the implementation of multiple software solutions. Collaborated with multiple teams (external and internal) to develop approaches to address key business opportunities.  * Lead transformational change across a variety of functional business units for clients  * Created and implemented a product roadmap to ensure strategic focus and effective execution towards goals  * Lead the transition from a Waterfall to Agile methodology  * Provided training to other business verticals on how to best utilize various Project Management methodologies to produce the best results within their project teams  * Met face-to-face with clients to provide consultative services which led to an 28% increase in new project requests IT Project Manager - Senior Consultant Effectus Partners October 2018 to February 2019 Created, implemented, and managed processes that drove quality and efficiency within the organization by creating a standardized PMO methodology. Developed procedures and guidelines to improve the efficiency of client projects being delivered and adopted. A hands-on leader and contributor to ensure that project teams were executing and providing deliverables per expectations.  * Promoted to Program manager based on performance  * Created and led the User Acceptance Testing policy; increased user adoption by 40%  * Designed a new requirements gathering process which led to a 70% increase of items ready for development  * Managed on-site and off-shore teams in all phases of the software development lifecycle  * Trained end users on the use and functionality of the software solutions that were delivered. Implementation Project Manager, Mi9 Retail 2017 to 2018 Managed the implementation of software projects from start to finish for high-end retail brands in the fashion, jewelry, and hardware industry. Have reoccurring status meetings with internal and external executive to report of the health/direction of the project.  * Oversaw the entire software implementation life cycle, including the following tasks: gather requirements, author specifications, build task lists, run status reviews, prioritize, manage scope, track, anticipate and address challenges before they become issues  * Led three concurrent Pilot Programs for a newly developed module  * Developed and maintained full-scale project plans including defining scope, goals, and deliverables  * Managed large internationally located teams to successfully implement multiple concurrent projects Marketing Project Manager (Volunteer Position) 2016 to 2018 Managed several marketing related project for the South Florida Chapter of the organization. Projects include assessing new software tools, re-configuration of the website, and strategy related projects. Project Manager City National Bank 2015 to 2017 Managed multifaceted projects ranging from operational process improvement, vendor management, solution assessments, in-house developments, application upgrades, and implementation of new systems or services. Created documentation to include: requirements documents, vendor analysis, UAT test scripts, enhancement specifications, and operational process flows.  * Led and coordinated the implementation of projects throughout the entire project lifecycle.  * Created documentation for Request For Proposals (RFP) and Functional Requirements.  * Facilitated and negotiated all project conflicts between the project team and stakeholders.  * Identified areas of risk to the project's success and determine/implement a plan to overcome the risk.  * Successfully ran 10 simultaneous projects of varying scope and project types to on-time Go-live delivery. IT Implementation Business Analyst/PM ProcessMAP 2014 to 2015 Analytical lead for all stages of software implementation, from requirements gathering to Go-live of SAAS application. Create documentation to include: functional specification documents, UAT story cases, gap-analysis, enhancement specifications, support process flows, and training materials. Simultaneously working on projects for several global clients covering 1000+ global sites, with responsibilities including: leading checkpoint calls with stakeholders, creating/implementing an action item tracking system, conducting training and owning the UAT process.  * Collaborated with business process owners, customers, and end users to their understand business processes and translate them into visual workflow documents  * Developed functional specification documents for software implementations  * Managed internationally located teams to lead the configuration, workflow design, and client modification/enhancement requests for all implementations  * Trained super-users and end-users both onsite and remotely. Technical Investigative Analyst Internal Revenue Service 2011 to 2012 Effectively utilized time management skills to plan and concurrently work on different stages of projects/investigations and deliver expected results within strict time deadlines. Collected and analyzed documents and any other relevant information to deliver recommended action reports to stakeholders. Coordinated collaboration between multiple departments and agencies in several locations to thoroughly complete investigative work.  * Conducted interviews and translated information gained into written documentation which led to actionable tasks.  * Built inter-departmental relationships which aided the coordination of cross-functional projects with virtual teams.  * Utilized multiple complex information systems and analyze data which was used to produce deliverable items.  * Analyzed completed projects to assist in the planning of current and future projects and timeline development.  * Utilized spreadsheets and project management software to successfully delivery results on time. Regulatory Auditor US Customs and Border Protection, Office of International Trade 2010 to 2011 Employed effective use of organizational skills to keep track of the different stages of multiple projects/audits and related requirements/deadlines. Made recommendations on how to improve efficiency and quality based on the details discovered during the analysis process. Wrote analysis reports and presented results to stakeholders based on findings and support them with work papers, spreadsheets, and organized documentation.  * Traveled to clients' sites to conduct interviews to: learn about business functions, conduct gap analysis between their current state and their goals, determine areas of non-compliance which could lead to government sanctions, and make recommendations to improve inefficient processes.  * Used data and information received during client interviews to plan, organize, and prioritize project tasks.  * Improved efficiency on a project that was behind schedule; after 3 weeks it was ahead of schedule. Associate Project Manager Revelex Corp 2008 to 2008 2008  Proactively managed IT projects, to avoid delays/problems during project lifecycle, while remaining within budget requirements. Led the development team to the successful creation, modification, and implementation of new and innovative technology solutions aimed to improve the performance and productivity of clients' companies. Provided a single point of contact for the client during all stages of projects and provided support functions after project completion. Responsible for all project concerns and collaboration with cross-functional teams on designing, implementation, and user acceptance testing (UAT) of clients' products.  * Documented project goals and requirements along with any additional changes or enhancements to original project goals.  * Resolved competing demands for resources while keeping projects on schedule.  * Defined project timeline, milestones, requirements documentation outlining product enhancements, and objectives with clients.  * Handled all communication and transfer of information between clients and software developers.  * Collaborated with cross-functional teams on designing, implementation, and user testing of client's web site launch.    OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION AND EXPERIENCE  Bilingual: Spanish  Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Education Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Key Performance/Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL February 2010 Masters of International Business Administration in International Business Administration Nova Southeastern University - Davie, FL June 2009 Bachelors of Business in Management Information Systems Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL May 2007 Bachelors of Business in Marketing Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL May 2007 Skills Visual studio, Visual studio .net, Visio, Sql server integration services, Sql server, Sql, R2, Vmware, Data warehousing, Windows server 2008, Windows server 2008 r2, Windows xp, Outlook, Integration Assessments Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pgpyez5ulwkajyqf Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Microsoft: Visio, Project, Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise edition, Sql Server Management Studio, Sql Server Data Tools, Sql Server Integration Services, Office including level 2 certification in Access, Windows XP/7, Outlook  Other: WebEx/GoToMeeting/Joinme, Smartsheet, Data Warehousing, Visual Studio .net, VMware workstation