IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Support Engineer - Microsoft Corporation Everett, WA To find employment that harnesses my experience in the IT, telecom and agile Project Management fields. Ideally, this career will challenge my existing skill set while providing opportunities to learn new skills in the technology industry. The perfect position for me is one where I can grow my professional ability while insuring stability in order for me to support my family and community.  -Skills and Knowledge-  Five years of experience as a Technical Specialist/ IT admin/network technician  Three years of experience as a Customer Service Representative  Two years of experience as a Technical Project Manager  Two years of experience managing and mentoring staff to utilize Agile software development processes  Two years of experience managing and developing software, mobile apps (android, iOS) via the Agile process Work Experience IT Specialist Radiant Global Logistics - Bellevue, WA November 2018 to Present Duties  • Reviewed and implemented system images and hardware configurations.  • Analyzed and resolved software, hardware, and network issues or failures.  • Installed and maintained new and existing Apple, PC, and network hardware.  • Worked with LAN, WAN, and WiFi equipment (Cisco, Alcatel, etc).  • Organized equipment deployment for seamless transition between classes.  • Installed network devices such as routers, hubs, switches and NICs.  • Deployed SaaS services for proprietary/confidential research software and data.  • Set-up and maintained a variety of server operating systems such as centOS/redhat and windows server.  • Technical, Audio/visual, and IT solutions engineer for all events including Television, Film and Radio broadcasts for internal or external events.  • Used ticketing systems such as Remedy and Request Tracker. Support Engineer Microsoft Corporation August 2017 to Present Engineer  Duties  • Knowledge in Microsoft Intune's CA, MDM, MAM and active directory as well as Azure.  • Represent Microsoft and communicate with corporate customers via telephone, written correspondence, electronic service and in person regarding finding solutions for technically complex problems.  • Solve highly complex level of problems, involving broad, in-depth product knowledge or in-depth product specialty; may include support of additional product line.  • Responsible for efficiently managing the relationship with these customers and thoroughly documenting their cases.  • Collaborate on cross-team and cross-product technical issues by working with resources from other groups as needed to resolve customer issues.  • Collaborates with Tech Leads and escalation resources when appropriate.  • Develop specialized expertise in complex MS technologies.  • Mentor and share information improving overall knowledge of group or organization.  • Mentor front line support organizations supporting for complex technical and political issues.  • Use trace analysis, logs, and other tools to analyze problems and develop solutions which may involve writing script.  • Lead triage meetings to share knowledge with other engineers and develop customer solutions efficiently. Consistently shares best practices with team members.  • Act as technical resource for broad and complex issues, and may typically be assigned to moderately strategic accounts  • Write complex technical articles and sample programs for knowledge base  • Maintain strong working knowledge of pre-release products and take ownership for product improvement in key product areas. Technical Support Specialist Konami Gaming Incorporated November 2015 to August 2017 Duties  • Oversee multiple product versions across all technical phases of deployment.  • Author resource proposals, test plans, and test cases based on the needs of the Client.  • Develop, implement, and maintain knowledge base, new engineer onboarding, and NOC policies and procedures.  • Analyze, track, investigate, and resolve Go-Live problems and upgrades in a timely, effective manner.  • Install, monitor and support RTSC for Casino Gaming data and review for database & connection integrity.  • Perform operational audits and train clients on system changes and updates.  • Coordinate, schedule, and supervise product deployment with engineers and other departments, as necessary.  • Travel to customer locations and provide on-site support of the product.  • Setup and configure out of the box software products to be used with specific hardware peripherals.  • Monitor both TCP handshakes and UDP media streaming as per state regulatory guidelines via Solarwinds, Securelink, wireshark and other proprietary monitoring tools.  • Cross-function as QA engineer for upcoming product development and release. IT Admin Simon Fraser University March 2014 to September 2015 Duties  • Reviewed and implemented system images and hardware configurations.  • Analyzed and resolved software, hardware, and network issues or failures.  • Installed and maintained new and existing Apple, PC, and network hardware.  • Worked with LAN, WAN, and WiFi equipment (Cisco, Alcatel, etc).  • Organized equipment deployment for seamless transition between classes.  • Installed network devices such as routers, hubs, switches and NICs.  • Deployed SaaS services for proprietary/confidential research software and data.  • Set-up and maintained a variety of server operating systems such as centOS/redhat and windows server.  • Technical, Audio/visual, and IT solutions engineer for all events including Television, Film and Radio broadcasts for internal or external events.  • Used ticketing systems such as Remedy and Request Tracker. Network Technician Pactel Solutions September 2012 to August 2013 Duties  • Analyzed and resolved service issues between network provisioning and NOC systems.  • Provided support solutions for Installation and Maintenance Technicians across all services.  • Configured ONTs, fiber hubs, COE and optical to digital FTTP equipment and network infrastructure.  • Collaborated across departments to determine the 'best use' practices in documentation and reporting.  • Coordinated with customer to implement VoIP, Wi-fi, switch and router service solutions  • Monitored network for streaming stability across various on-demand and web based mediums  • Provisioned telco head-end equipment and calibrated commercial fiber-optic hardware. Project Manager F(n)X Studios July 2012 to September 2012 Duties  • Created and modified project schedules.  • Drove team members to meet milestones.  • Ensured adherences to quality standards, internal processes and reviews project deliverables.  • Led RIP sessions and daily standups.  • Developed detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and status reports.  • Drove the team to resolve all issues and roadblocks within a timely fashion.  • Managed project budget, schedule, communication, deliverables, risks and progress reporting.  • Created Statements of work (SOW) creation for vendor resources.  • Communicated project status to Stakeholders, Clients and department heads. Education Bachelor's degree in GIS in spatial analysis and human Geography Simon Fraser University 2015 Project Management Edmonds Community College 2013 Skills Tech Support, MSP, Connectwise, Active Directory