Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Coordinator - Parker Hannifin - New Hope Minneapolis, MN Detail-oriented and organized Project Coordinator with 5years of experience with a great knowledge of business requirements and project handling. A motivated team player with good communication, result driven, high organization skills and ability to meeting deadlines for successful delivery of any project. Work Experience Project Coordinator Parker Hannifin - New Hope August 2017 to Present Duties and Responsibilities  • Create Full Scale Project Plan, including work breakdown structure, Task dependence, Task Estimate, Resource and Project milestone  • Updating and Reviewing Project Plan with project team members  • Collaborate with the project Manager to define the goal, objective, scope and the deliverables of the project.  • Manage the scope, quality and project timeline according to the project plan  • Organizing and maintaining project team SharePoint site, including ensuring required project documentation are posted, ensuring version control, and access for team members.  • Ensures project control procedures and policies within program of related projects are executed.  • Creating meeting agendas and power point presentations, attending meetings and take minutes as needed.  • Proactively facilitated communication/information exchange between members of the project team and suppliers.  • Supporting the Project Managers by maintaining vital project documentations on our document repository.  • Preparing project status reports, attend and arrange project team meetings.  • Providing administrative support to all personnel associated with the project.  • Support the PM in evaluating Project Progress  • Create weekly status report to the Project Manager  • Delegate work according to skill sets of resources Project Coordinator Abbott Laboratories - Plymouth, MN February 2016 to August 2017 Duties and Responsibilities  • Create Full Scale Project Plan, including work breakdown structure, Task dependence, Task Estimate, Resource and Project milestone  • Updating and Reviewing Project Plan with project team members  • Collaborate with the project Manager to define the goal, objective, scope and the deliverables of the project.  • Manage the scope, quality and project timeline according to the project plan  • Organizing and maintaining project team SharePoint site, including ensuring required project documentation are posted, ensuring version control, and access for team members.  • Ensures project control procedures and policies within program of related projects are executed.  • Creating meeting agendas and power point presentations, attending meetings and take minutes as needed.  • Proactively facilitated communication/information exchange between members of the project team and suppliers.  • Scheduling and coordinated strategic project follow up meetings as needed.  • Supporting the Project Managers by maintaining vital project documentations on our document repository.  • Preparing project status reports, attend and arrange project team meetings.  • Providing administrative support to all personnel associated with the project.  • Support the PM in evaluating Project Progress  • Create weekly status report to the Project Manager  • Delegate work according to skill sets of resources  • Manage team and project documentation via shared folders and SharePoint site  • Report and post key milestones  • Consolidate score card for business and report out. Project Coordinator TD Bank - Wayzata, MN January 2015 to February 2016 Duties and Responsibilities  • Assisted the PM in Keeping Track of the Project Budget in an excel spreadsheet  • Reported to managers the development of the project.  • Tracked Project milestones, Schedule and Deliverables  • Managed changes and ensure effective communication among project team member.  • Organized and maintained project team SharePoint site, ensuring required documentation are posted for team member access  • Facilitated project planning and scheduling across individual projects.  • Analyzed complex plans, issue and escalating where necessary.  • Liaised with customers, vendors, project managers and members of the team to carry out relevant task.  • Manage site development finances by receiving and reviewing invoices for work done  • Help co-ordinate and work on SAP projects also receive and collating forecast data  • Maintained Vital Project document on documents repository  • Managed Project Dependence, Task estimates, Resource and Associated Documents  • Managed changes in the project scope in accordance with change management practices and revised project plans to meet on the development of project progress  • Monitoring project risks and scope creep to identify potential problems and proactively identifying solutions to address them in advance  • Setting up project milestone and summary task and assigning task to resources in MS project.  • Addressed/resolved assigned issues and escalate risk to the Project Manager as needed IT Manager Emmanuel Corporation - Lagos, NG April 2009 to December 2012 Duties and Responsibilities  • Coordinated all Project Managers for all IT Projects (Hardware and Software).  • Built credibility, established rapport and maintained communication with stakeholders at multiple levels, including those external to the organization.  • Maintained continuous alignment of project scope with strategic business objectives and made recommendations to modify projects to enhance effectiveness toward the business result or strategic intent. Education Bachelor's in Mass Communication Ondo State - Akungba May 2005 to May 2009 Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communication Adekunle Ajasin University 2009 Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT, SHARE POINT, REQUIREMENT GATHERING, SDLC, SCHEDULING, ORGANIZATION SKILLS, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, OUTLOOK, WORD, BUDGET, GOAL-ORIENTED, HIGHLY ORGANIZED, Project Management Additional Information KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCES  • Creating Meeting agendas, Power Point Presentation, taking meeting minutes as needed  • Strong organization skills with attention to detail  • Ability to work independently and as part of a team  • Strong skills in Microsoft office 2007, 2013, 2016 (Word, Excel, Power Point, Share point 2010, 2013, 2016 and Outlook)  • Microsoft Project and Project Server 2007, 2010, 2016  • SDLC, Agile, Waterfall methodology  • PPM  • Scheduling/meeting agendas/Live Meetings/Webinar/WebEx/Goto  • Develop strong business relationships with customers and field technicians  • Requirement Gathering  • Adopt at initiating, organizing/planning and executing projects on time scope & budget  • Highly organized, Goal-oriented, efficient and possess a strong drive to success