Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - Sprint Los Angeles, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager Sprint - Overland Park, KS 2016 to Present Lead PMO and Operations under Vice President  ? Create and maintain organization's yearly budget (in excess of $2.5M)  ? Manage 7 different consulting groups (ranging from 3-24 consultants) for organization's modeling and infrastructure needs  ? Negotiate terms and pricing with different vendors (contracts, training, conferences)  ? Manage the infrastructure and cadence that enables the organization to deliver on the established goals and priorities by driving efficiency, focused alignment, and collaboration across the team.  ? Create, maintain, and enforce project management processes and pipeline for modeling, data architect, business intelligence, systems, and infrastructure teams  ? Project and program manage end to end creation of the first SAS Viya platform along with SAS Grid platform. Once the platform was stable, the SAS user community was migrated to it, resulting in a savings of about $2M/yr in licenses/fees  ? Manage and support various analytics projects, including: quality of network experience proof of concept, best retail (COR) and dealer store location model build, near real time data collection in data lake, mixed media model, involuntary churn, and text mining  ? Drive key initiatives, build new analysis of training effectiveness, and program manage large scale training events  ? Understand what analytic tools, talent and resources exist in the company today, identify gaps, strategize and implement solutions for the gaps  ? Build SAS training program for SAS VIYA and SAS Grid for the Enterprise's SAS user community, encouraging user adoption.  ? Host and communicate sessions surrounding merger readiness IT Project Manager ETS, State of Wyoming - Cheyenne, WY 2015 to 2016 Big Data POC Evaluation  ? Led planning & implementation of a Big Data POC using Cloudera CDH 5.3 and HDP 2.2  ? Project resulted in the selection of HDP 2.2 for data management platform  ? Unified Network Infrastructure Roll Out  ? Provided change management support internally to various departments and agencies by resolving conflict and negotiate department/agency buy-in for multi-million dollar state-wide network infrastructure rollout  ? Tracked network installation process and reported project progress to senior executives weekly.  ? Resulted in fiber network accessibility to all schools and government facilities in the state of Wyoming  ? Expense Management Software Upgrade & Installation  ? Oversaw the upgrade of the expense management software by vendor (Telesoft)  ? Established and maintained clear lines of communication between stakeholders and vendors, addressed issues as they arose, ensured deadlines were met and acceptable deliverables were received per contract obligations  ? Tracked cost schedule and technical performance  ? The final product delivered drastically reduced extensive manual work required with the previous version because it contained many of the necessary functions; this resulted in savings of $225K/year  ? Electronic Medicaid Waiver System (EMWS) Installation  ? Collected stakeholder requirements, formalized requirements draft for contract, created documents and established timelines with vendor  ? The implementation of this software allowed the Department of Health to manage all Medicaid Waiver programs in one system rather than in fragments found in different locations  ? Wyoming Department of Agriculture/Consumer Health Services Inspection System Replacement (Compliance Purposes)  ? Defined project scope and goals based on stakeholder feedback, formalized requirements for contract purposes, managed client engagement from kickoff to delivery, and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestone  ? Facilitated communication between stakeholders and vendors to ensure deadlines were met, managed customer expectations, and addressed scope changes. Project Manager M D Anderson - Houston, TX 2014 to 2014 Opioid Study Portal: Studied opioid prescribing habits of Texas emergency physicians before and after receiving educational material. Initially the data was collected via pen and paper. Upon learning the challenges of utilizing this method, a website was created to collect, maintain and extract relevant data. This website was delivered using Scrum methodology. Data collected was analyzed. Project Manager Pima Medical Institute - Houston, TX 2013 to 2014 Dental Clinic Rollout: The institute expanded itself to include a dental hygiene program, which involved establishing various processes on the clinical, business & infrastructure side while ensuring HIPAA and PCI security compliance in all forms of communication and DevOps. The overall project was managed using agile methodology. Business Analyst Spring Branch Community Health Center - Houston, TX 2012 to 2013 Business Analyst Roles, Texas 2009 to 2012 Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Houston - Houston, TX 2014 Master of Healthcare Administration in Healthcare Administration University of Houston - Houston, TX 2014 BS in Biology University of Houston - Houston, TX 2010 Skills PMBOK, PROJECT LIFECYCLE, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, CDH, ETL, HADOOP, MDM, ROLLOUT, MICROSOFT PROJECT, SAS, Hadoop, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, LIFE CYCLE, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LIFE CYCLE, REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS, SDLC, EPIC, JIRA, LAN/WAN, EMR, PMP, PMI, Program Management, Project Management Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP May 2016 to May 2022