Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - Succeed Partners, LLC Troy, MI Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Succeed Partners, LLC - Troy, MI April 2019 to Present Management of all company accounts across diverse business sectors working multiple active projects.  Responsible for tracking all projects concurrently through different phases of implementation from requirements gathering and estimating until project completion and warranty. Collaborate daily with  multiple stakeholders including clients, business analysts, data architects, and developers to produce  internal and external applications using an agile development model.  ? Implementation of JIRA development tracking software for full development life cycle.  ? Creation of projects, task structure, process cycle, quality assurance and developer kanban boards.  ? Collaborate with developers to create technical specifications and designs from business  requirements.  ? Requirement prioritization to create development sprint cycles.  ? Release management of project deliverables to customers.  ? Development process utilizing various types of coding languages and technology stacks including  .net/VB, HTML/CSS/JAVASCRIPT, SQL/NOSQL, PHP, Ruby, Teamcenter, and K2. IT Product Manager TST Tooling Software Technology - Clarkston, MI April 2018 to April 2019 Management of all development, quality assurance, support, and marketing for a tooling ERP application  using Winforms VB.net with Dev Express and Spreadsheet gear controls on a .net framework 4.5 from Visual Basic programming language on a SQL database-driven backend.  IT Project Management  ? Implementation of JIRA development tracking software for full development life cycle.  ? Creation of projects, task structure, process cycle, quality assurance and developer kanban boards.  ? Business and use case creation from customer interviews and market research.  ? Functional requirement writing from business cases.  ? Collaborated with developers to create technical specifications and designs from business  requirements.  ? Requirement prioritization to create development sprint cycles.  ERP Implementation and Customer Support  ? Comprehensive consultation and implementation of tracking software including documentation  and training of client staff, and completing follow-up via reporting and database auditing for accuracy and overall customer satisfaction.  Quality Assurance Department Creation  ? Established QA procedures including focus and regression testing.  ? Developed reusable test case structure for project and focus testing.  ? Created regression testing cycle for product releases. IT Quality Assurance Analyst Jackson National Life - Lansing, MI August 2013 to April 2018 Project team leader with strong collaboration skills working with business process managers,  engineers, multiple software-specific development teams, and contractors to achieve required  results for successful implementations and customer satisfaction.  ? Responsible for end-to-end project management including gathering requirements, conducting  research, test plan creation, quality testing, user acceptance testing, and regression testing. Also,  provided customer acceptance and deployment support as well as warranty issue tracking for multiple systems and projects at different stages of production.  ? Subject Matter Expert (SME) on multiple internal systems: (e.g., UNISYS, JPOD, New Business  Desktop, Document Control Center, DocCap) IT Consultant AXA INC - East Lansing, MI 2012 to 2013 Handled new software systems setups and hardware installations for professional client. Created  information delivery systems, research and development protocols, data tracking system, word  processing, spreadsheets, and customized logistics systems.  ? Worked with clients in small businesses, academic organizations, non-profits, start-ups and ad-hoc consulting. Mortgage Banker Quicken Loans - Detroit, MI 2011 to 2012 Appointed to quickly learn bank mortgage business; including becoming a Licensed mortgage  banker in eight states (AL, CA, FL, GA, MI, MN, T0X, VA).  ? Experienced with originating and processing VA, FHA, HARP and conventional mortgage loans  using the LOLA and Rocket systems. Lean Manufacturing Engineer Diversified Machine, Inc - Howell, MI 2009 to 2010 Implemented lean manufacturing solutions directly to the plant floor.  ? Designed and built devices for implementation of process improvements.  ? Translated Ford Production System concepts into supplier assembly operations.  ? Constructed KANBAN maintenance protocol and wrote QCS instructions. Education Bachelor of Science in Psychology and Economics Central Michigan University - Mount Pleasant, MI Troy Athens High School - Troy, MI