IT / Electrician - ATM technician <span class="hl">IT</span> / Electrician - ATM technician Houston, TX Bachelor of Science in Telecommunications Engineering, currently pursuing a challenging and interesting role where I can combine my education, professional, and personal background to maximize the company's revenue and efficiency, with progressive experience in Project Management and Sales Support for Engineering, Telecommunications, and Networking. Work Experience IT / Electrician - ATM technician Houston, TX May 2017 to Present - Installations accord to the work required ( IT / electrical work).  - ATM (automated teller machine) installer technician.  - Running CAT5 wire and making terminals according to the characteristics of the job.  - Complying with the rules and procedures on integral security established by the organization.  - Preparing reports of the activities carried out.  - Determining the logistics required for the field work  - Installing and programming the kiosks for Mc Donald. Engineering Project Coordinator OneSource Building Technologies - Houston, TX June 2016 to March 2017 -Worked in coordination with the project managers to complete the projects.  - Served as a point of contact from project initiation to completion.  -Pushed with project team, clients and vendors to coordinate activities, environment setup, installation, and integration testing.  -Performed under the supervision and guidance of the assistant project manager and vice president.  -Analyzed and monitored the project reports to sort out issues in the documentation section.  -Maintained and documented daily reports regarding the projects, progress, schedule, budgeting and forecasting.  -Attended meetings about the projects. IT Adviser NESA Service LLC - Houston, TX January 2015 to June 2016 - Provided technical support for the network administrator.  - Provided IT support on site and remotely.  - Installed and maintained network equipment.  - Upgraded and maintained operating systems.  - Ensured network efficiency.  -Troubleshot printer issues and hardware issues. Field Supervisor- Metro Geoconstruye C.A - Caracas, Distrito Capital August 2013 to June 2014 - Communicated with engineering staff regarding project layout and drawings.  - Managed daily activities by coordinating with system technicians and workers.  - Oversaw the project including estimation.  - Inspected the quality of materials and proper installation of the TX and RF for MOVISTAR.  - Prepared detailed daily reports on the project progress.  - Coordinated daily work activities of 20 employees.  - Implemented CDMA technologies to improve MOVISTAR signal, providing wireless coverage over a larger area with this installation.  - Analyzed and reviewed technical specifications and drawings.  - Ensured quality installation for TX and RF. Manager of Department of Broadcasting / IT Canal LATELE - Caracas, Distrito Capital August 2010 to April 2013 - Configured and monitored TX transmitters.  - Provided leadership in technical solutions in design and installation.  - Provided computer support for equipment and television channel for 200 users.  - Troubleshot PC, server, and printer issues.  - Managed Active Directory.  - Installed and configured Cisco VoIP phones.  - Troubleshot VoIP.  - Tested through the OTDR the length of single mode fiber optic, also the attenuation, the signal losses caused by splices and connectors in different facilities or projects Internship Barquisimeto City August 2010 to February 2011 Installed a Transmission signal with a development project for Canal LATELE, to extend the radioelectric spectrum that the channel could be captured in Barquisimeto City - Venezuela. Education Telecommunications Engineer University of Santa Maria 2005 to 2012 Skills TELECOMMUNICATIONS (4 years), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), FIBER OPTIC (Less than 1 year), NETWORKING (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Key Skills    - Excellent in Cisco routing processes and system; knowledge of Switches, Firewalls, IP Routing, Subnets.  - Extensive knowledge of telecommunications, including ISDN, analog, T1, T2, SONET / SDH and ATM.  - Experienced in LAN / WAN design and support, fiber optic technologies and data networking implementation.  - Expertise in supporting telecommunications server, hardware and software applications.  - Dexterity in installing and troubleshooting telecommunications equipment.  - Fiber Optic splicing by fusion  - Specialization in Planning, Development and Project Management.  - Big Data Analysis.  - Coding and Programming.  - Technical Writing.  - Active Directory, GPO's, DNS, DHCP, RDS, VPN's, Print Servers  - Office 365 (Exchange, Directory Sync)  - Windows Server 2003 - 2016  - Dropbox, Box, OneDrive  - Social Media Experience.