Data Analyst Data Analyst Data Analyst - Illuminate Education Medina, OH Work Experience Data Analyst Illuminate Education January 2019 to Present ETL student data into eduCLIMBER platform.   Ensure data is clean and accurate.  Build importers for student data to compile properly into eduCLIMBER platform.  Support districts, communicating through Zendesk, in the overall data extract and import process into Illuminate systems.  Work in Agile environment using Jira and Confluence for communication, documentation, & task organization & completion.  Identify data problems and perform root cause analysis.  Assist in improvement of overall data processes.  Escalate data issues needing process re-engineering.  Manage the internal process and workflow for data problems.  Work with clients to ensure that all required data elements are provided and the data expectations are clear.  Communicate status of data problems and issues clearly with the entire team.  Work with customers to understand their data needs. Writer Newlifeoutlook.com 2014 to Present Regular author of articles for the online readership (80K readers). IT Business/Testing Analyst AmTrust Financial Services, Inc 2013 to 2014 Created test plans for proper quality and testing procedures.  Met with developers and project teams to gather requirements and ensure a strong  product was developed and maintained.  Reviewed tests and reported any application errors using Share-point Software.  Maintained and developed matrices within Excel for Automated testing of online  platforms. IT Project Manager Dogfish Software 2013 to 2013 Documented, created, & prioritized user stories for agile software development.  Responsible for in-house as well as international contract resources.  Worked as liaison between clients, on-site development team and Chinese development  team to efficiently create a solid product.  Previous Career Path in Social Services  Gained skills in interpersonal communication, public speaking, group presentations, & team management. Education MS in Data Analytics Boston University - Boston, MA September 2018 BS in Psychology Columbia College - Columbia, MO BA in Justice Studies Kent State University - Kent, OH Skills MYSQL, ORACLE, SQL, DATA ANALYTICS, API Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/libbyselinsky Assessments Problem Solving — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5jrrrnistjsoubl0 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Expertise  ETL, Agile, R, ShinyApp, JAVA, Python, SQL, Tableau, Weka, Oracle, MySQL, Google Analytics, Google  Charts, SharePoint  Data Analytics, Big Data, IOT, IIOT, Web Analytics & Mining, API tools for Social Web Mining, Game  Analytics, Text Mining  Reputation for leading teams of people while creating a positive work/ team environment.  Writing  (test plans, user stories, online publications, multi-level/multiple organization communications)  Communication  (Reputation for easy, clear, and confident interdepartmental and cross level communication/  relationship building)