Associate Project Manager Associate <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Associate Project Manager - Randstad Technologies Plantation, FL Work Experience Associate Project Manager Randstad Technologies - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2018 to Present Lead project manager responsible for implementing administrative and instructional technology projects. Responsible for $700 million of multiple technology projects providing real-time situational awareness to all levels of the organization. Duties included purchasing, scheduling, maintaining status logs, remediation, coordination of installation with multiple vendors and the customer. Produce and communicate daily progress reports, vendor billing, process changes while meeting State of Florida guidelines. Response and Recovery Assistant Project Manager Tetra Tech, Inc - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2017 to 2017 Created and maintained project site and file retention files for payroll, human resource, health and safety, and training. Point of contact for Human Resource, Safety, and Payroll departments to resolve issues and responsible for preparing all new hire administrative documentation. Supervised and trained new personnel for over 1,200 sites statewide. Technology Coordinator Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL 2016 to 2017 Managed technology systems and services supporting divisional operations. Worked with Director of Technology Services coordinating hardware and application software purchases and licensing. Collaborated with engineers and developers on resolving technical challenges and identifying solutions. Oversaw staff training optimizing and improving staff skills and capabilities. Worked directly with the Director to provide technology services, purchasing, implementation and budgeting to the division. IT Consultant Fort Lauderdale, FL 2015 to 2016 Led the purchase and configuration of desktop computers and mobile devices in administrative offices for small companies in Fort Lauderdale and Miami Metro areas. Partnered with vendors in installing and configuring voice system options for the IVR. Managed the installation of POS equipment in restaurants and deployment of software applications.    Insight Global - Fort Lauderdale, FL Service Desk Manager 2014 to 2014 Responsible for troubleshooting open issues from staff offering advice and solutions. Served as an escalation point with customer interactions through email and phone, ensuring customer satisfaction. Spearheaded process improvements, standards, and procedures while complying with service level agreements. IT Support Manager T-Mobile - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2006 to 2013 Directed a team of IT professionals in daily operations, coaching, analyzing workflow, assigning schedules to meet service level agreements and develop professional working relationships with customers totaling more than 1,800.  Provided expert leadership to various teams assigned in different locations, which involved the following:  - A team of four technicians assigned in retail stores across different markets, offering services to over 400 retail locations in Alabama, Florida, and Louisiana, as well as associated vendor relationships; and  - A team of eight technicians in each of four centers in the southeast comprised of more than 450 agents, in charge of providing services to retail outlets in the surrounding markets located near the centers.  Served as representative in field organization which included national deployments, migrations, projects, and programs to establish the company as the face of IT to the customer. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies and Pre in law Utica College of Syracuse University - Utica, NY Additional Information Forward-thinking, methodical, and multifaceted professional, with over 25 years of experience in core IT/business management, operations, strategic planning, implementation, budgeting, purchasing and process improvement. Program and project related skills and experience. I have proven leadership qualities, teambuilding and communication skills.