SR IT Project Manager SR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SR IT Project Manager - USAF Newport, NY Work Experience SR IT Project Manager USAF - Rome, NY September 2016 to Present EADS ( eastern Area Defense Sector) ANG NY  Rome, NY 13441 United States    09/2016 - Present  Salary: 76,000.00 USD Per Year  Hours per week: 40  Series: 2210 Pay Plan: GS Grade: 11    SR IT Project Manager  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  SR Information Technology Project Manager Eastern Area Defense Sector- Air National Guard Sr Technology Project Manager for the Contribution Distribution Network Top Secret -Active 2016 to Present Eastern Area Defense Sector- 2016 to present    Sr Technology Project Manager for the Contribution Distribution Network. Proving real time news, weather and critical defense information to all members EADS. System also provides the capability to conduct official meetings and have them broadcasted to each television/CDN office location.  - Sr Technology Project Manager Base Wide Area Network Upgrade project.  Project replaced 23 Cisco network switches on the base wide area network. This technical refresh will ensure 5 9 s up time on our network for the foreseeable future  -Sr Technology Project Manager for the Battle Access Training Shelter. Shelter will provide a home for the 28 owner work stations for the training side of our operations floor. Created the outside plant infrastructure plan providing fiber optic cable and copper cable from the shelter to our inner frame demarcations points. Cables will provide required communication connectivity requirements for day to day operations.  -Sr Technology Project Manager for the ERSA Back Up Fusion Center. This system provides real time defense mission information to operators that allow them to make real time lifesaving decisions.  - Instituted a monthly sit down meeting with the base civil engineers as part of an overall partnership program between the two support branches. Meeting focus on upcoming events that may affect both branches ensuring all parties are aware of actions that may be required for a successful task event.    Communications System Integrator (Stem-B) liaison. Provide liaison actions between the unit and our Communications Systems Integrator. Actions include briefing Wing Commander on status of our Base Blue print requirements. The base blueprint document is vital in our efforts to receive funding for upcoming IT (Information Technology) identified system shortfalls. During CSI visits, lesion efforts include briefing the CSI on existing work orders, reviewing the AFIA (Air force Information Assessment) that was briefed to wing leadership showing our anticipated corrective actions to previously identified short falls. Actions also include receiving briefing information on any high level downward directed projects, new technology and any Engineering and Installation capabilities.    CIPS manager. Transformed the existing Work Order Management System to the new CIPS tracking System. Provide day to day operational guidance to all work centers regarding assigned work orders. Create, track and provide weekly updates on work order sin the CIPS system.    Contracting: As the Director of the Plans Flight at Fairchild AFB, had responsibly to ensure all IT contracts were adhered to according to the provision of the Federal Acquisition Regulations. Provided contract monitoring for the Base Telecommunications Service Contract that provided the IT services with regards to the base telephone switch and infrastructure tasks. IT Infrastructure Outside, Inside plant, Construction Project Manager General Dynamics Corp - Oklahoma City, OK 2010 to Present DoD Security Clearance: Secret  Extensive DoD Construction and IT (OSP/ISP) Project Manager experience.  Lead IT Construction Project Manager for IT Infrastructure projects both outside (manhole duct systems to include Fiber Optic Cable and copper cable) and ISP infrastructure for 3 ANG Guard Bases  Lead IT OSP Project Manager for Pittsburgh ANG, Rickenbacker ANG, Springfield ANG, Hill AFB Utah, Lackland AFB TX and Keesler AFB MS  ? Installations consisted of underground manhole duct system  ? Installations provided SM FOC (Single Mode Fiber Optic Cable) between ITN (Information Transfer Nodes) and end buildings  ? Selected sub-contractors based on lowest price technically acceptable proposal submissions  ? Tracked Installation schedule and budget from award to final close out  ? Performed in-brief and out brief at customer locations with SN Leadership  ? Resolved customer requirements and change order requests  ? Projects completed within schedule and under budget  ? Collected all contract deliverables, AS built drawings, test results, photos, rack els and meeting notes at end of project    Project value  Pittsburgh ANG  ? Above ground communication pedestals, underground duct system, SM FOC to 23 buildings, ran, terminated and tested FOC  ? Provided building entrances, ran FOC to Comm Demarks in each building  ? Value: 1.9Mil    Rickenbacker ANG  ? Install seven (7) manholes, over 4100 ft of 2 way and 4 way underground duct  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC to 18 buildings  ? Value: 1.4 Mil    Springfield ANG  ? Install seven (9) manholes, over 6500 ft of 2 way and 4 way underground duct  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC to 14 buildings  ? Value:2.8 Mil    Hill AFB  ? Install seven (3) manholes, over 3000 ft. of 4 way underground duct around the East Side of the Runway  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC 3 buildings SR IT Construction Manager Williams Energy - Tulsa, OK January 2013 to March 2016 1 Williams Way  Tulsa, OK 74008 United States    01/2013 - 03/2016  Salary: 110,000.00 USD Per Year  Hours per week: 50  SR IT Construction Manager  Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:    2013 to 2016: Northeast Regional (WV, PA, Ohio and New York) SR IT Network Infrastructure Project Manager for Access Midstream /Williams Energy Company  IT Project Manager for new construction, building renovations and CISCO network hardware deployment. As SR IT PM was responsible for the IT engineering and design for 12 new field offices and over 25 new facilities' located on new compressor sites in the Northeast. Successfully met or exceeded timelines and bed down over 1500 employees into new facilities in under 2 years.  Infrastructure responsibilities: Provided design and installation oversight for Outside Plant and Inside Plant Construction to include route configuration for conduit to support Local Exchange connectivity into the IT closet for each facility.  Provided design and installation over sight for all fiber optic cable runs between buildings over 300ft apart (MM 62.5)  Provided design and vendor installation over sight for all Cat6 cable installations within each facility.  Provided design and vendor installation oversight for the each IT closet IAW ANS/EIA/TIA design criteria  Provided design and vendor installation over sight for the IT grounding, IAW EIA/TIA 607  Network responsibility's: Installed preconfigured network devises in each IT Communications closets  Cisco Network Switches, Routers, Firewalls  Connected installed network switches to assigned ports at the patch panels to provide connectivity  Telephony responsibility's:  Installed Cisco VOIP Phones at each end user location  Ensured each new location had 3 POTS lines, Fire, E911 and control  Installed and tested CISCO VOIP gateway for any site that more than 10 employees  Created project cost models based on historical data from previous installations. Cost models were the foundation of our initial budget requests.  Perform all project close out actions. Collect and track invoices and receive and approve project deliverables  Access Midstream (ACMP)was a startup company from Chesapeake Energy, as a result of the breakup, Access Midstream was mandated by law to be out of all of the all Chesapeake facilities and reestablish facilities as ACMP in a period of 24. months.    2010 to 2013 IT Infrastructure Project Manager  General Dynamics Corp, Oklahoma City Ok  DoD Security Clearance: Secret  Extensive DoD Construction and IT (OSP/ISP) Project Manager experience.  Lead IT Construction Project Manager for IT Infrastructure projects both outside (manhole duct systems to include Fiber Optic Cable and copper cable) and ISP infrastructure for 3 ANG Guard Bases  Lead IT OSP Project Manager for Pittsburgh ANG, Rickenbacker ANG, Springfield ANG, Hill AFB Utah, Lackland AFB TX and Keesler AFB MS  ? Installations consisted of underground manhole duct system  ? Installations provided SM FOC (Single Mode Fiber Optic Cable) between ITN (Information Transfer Nodes) and end buildings  ? Selected sub-contractors based on lowest price technically acceptable proposal submissions  ? Tracked Installation schedule and budget from award to final close out  ? Performed in-brief and out brief at customer locations with SN Leadership  ? Resolved customer requirements and change order requests  ? Projects completed within schedule and under budget  ? Collected all contract deliverables, AS built drawings, test results, photos, rack els and meeting notes at end of project    Project value  Pittsburgh ANG  ? Above ground communication pedestals, underground duct system, SM FOC to 23 buildings, ran, terminated and tested FOC  ? Provided building entrances, ran FOC to Comm Demarks in each building  ? Value: 1.9Mil    Rickenbacker ANG  ? Install seven (7) manholes, over 4100 ft of 2 way and 4 way underground duct  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC to 18 buildings  ? Value: 1.4 Mil    Springfield ANG  ? Install seven (9) manholes, over 6500 ft of 2 way and 4 way underground duct  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC to 14 buildings  ? Value:2.8 Mil    Hill AFB  ? Install seven (3) manholes, over 3000 ft. of 4 way underground duct around the East Side of the Runway  ? Ran terminated and tested 12/24 SM FOC 3 buildings    2002-2010 Director, Plans and Programs Branch Fairchild AFB WA    Supervised 6- 10 IT Air Force project managers  Contract Responsible Officer for Network Maintenance Contract  Contract Responsible Officer or Base cable maintenance contract  Communications Systems Information Records Project Supervisor  Created and tracked the annual IT Budget for all projects- over 2 Million dollars  Maintained comprehensive MS Project schedule for each project  Briefed Leadership and customer on a weekly basis, or each day as required.  Provided design and implementation for all network equipment, and IT facility set up. SR IT Network Infrastructure Project Manager Williams Energy 2013 to 2016 IT Project Manager for new construction, building renovations and CISCO network hardware deployment. As SR IT PM was responsible for the IT engineering and design for 12 new field offices and over 25 new facilities' located on new compressor sites in the Northeast. Successfully met or exceeded timelines and bed down over 1500 employees into new facilities in under 2 years.  Infrastructure responsibilities: Provided design and installation oversight for Outside Plant and Inside Plant Construction to include route configuration for conduit to support Local Exchange connectivity into the IT closet for each facility.  Provided design and installation over sight for all fiber optic cable runs between buildings over 300ft apart (MM 62.5)  Provided design and vendor installation over sight for all Cat6 cable installations within each facility.  Provided design and vendor installation oversight for the each IT closet IAW ANS/EIA/TIA design criteria  Provided design and vendor installation over sight for the IT grounding, IAW EIA/TIA 607  Network responsibility's: Installed preconfigured network devises in each IT Communications closets  Cisco Network Switches, Routers, Firewalls  Connected installed network switches to assigned ports at the patch panels to provide connectivity  Telephony responsibility's:  Installed Cisco VOIP Phones at each end user location  Ensured each new location had 3 POTS lines, Fire, E911 and control  Installed and tested CISCO VOIP gateway for any site that more than 10 employees  Created project cost models based on historical data from previous installations. Cost models were the foundation of our initial budget requests.  Perform all project close out actions. Collect and track invoices and receive and approve project deliverables  Access Midstream (ACMP)was a startup company from Chesapeake Energy, as a result of the breakup, Access Midstream was mandated by law to be out of all of the all Chesapeake facilities and reestablish facilities as ACMP in a period of 24. months. Education Advanced Communication Officers School 2010 Associate Degree in Business Man University of Maryland - College Park, MD June 1995 Skills Information Technology, Project Management, PM Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: Retired- E7