IT PROJECT CONSULTANT <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> CONSULTANT IT PROJECT CONSULTANT - JPI Ashburn, VA Ms. Fazily is a Project Management Consultant supporting the United States Coast Guard's (USCG) Telecommunication and Information Systems Command (TISCOM) Project Management Office (PMO). She has over four (4) years of experience in project management, supporting public sector clients within the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, as well as private sector in healthcare. Ms. Fazily has experience with Microsoft (MS) Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, and SharePoint, as well as electronic health record systems including EPIC, Allscripts, Cerner, Armed Forces Health Longitudinal Technology Application (AHLTA), Composite Health Care system (CHCS), Essentris, and Enterprise Blood Management System (BLOOD). Work Experience IT PROJECT CONSULTANT JPI - Alexandria, VA October 2018 to Present Supervisor: Michelle Cao, Michelle.Cao@jpidev.com  * Develop and maintain project artifacts, including Risk Register, Business Case, Project Charter, Project Schedule, Requirements Document, Requirements Traceability Matrix, Project Management Plan, and Tailoring Plan in alignment with Program Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) best practices to ensure successful project execution.  * Develop project briefings and reports to inform client leadership and stakeholders of project goals, status, risks, and accomplishments monthly.  * Provide project management support for multiple IT projects varying in scope and occurring simultaneously across the U.S. Coast Guard.  * Serve as subject matter expert (SME) to technical project managers ensuring projects are being managed effectively and in alignment with best practices and industry standards.  * Communicate effectively with IT technical staff, project team, managers, executive leadership, and all stakeholders.  * Lead and facilitate client meetings and exercises to include project status briefings and reports.  * Facilitate Technical Reviews with key stakeholders at varying stages during the project life cycle to ensure project is on track to meet requirements, schedule, and budgetary constraints, and gain stakeholder buy-in.  * Provide strategic portfolio management for the Content Delivery and IT Asset Management Asset Lines.  * Provide client and employee training on the Coast Guard Enterprise Project Management (CG-EPM) tool and Systems Engineering Life Cycle (SELC).    Key Accomplishments:  ? Successfully able to restore VDI capacity in 2500 concurrent users with improved stability by building and deploying additional VDI Server infrastructure  ? Improved asset management capabilities by installing and populating a software asset management tool on the Coast Guard network  ? Continue with leading the migration of Microsoft Exchange 2010 infrastructure, Skype for business infrastructure, productivity suite, and file/print servers to a hybrid cloud infrastructure. IT PROJECT MANAGER Kreative Technologies - Fairfax, VA October 2017 to October 2018 Supervisor: Vamsi Krishna, vamsik@deloitte.com Contractor Nolij Consulting - Vienna, VA October 2016 to October 2017 for the Department of Defense, in Falls Church, VA.  • Provide advice and guidance to federal Program Manager relating to IT project requirements, risks, and execution.  • Manage IT hardware deployment projects for both domestic and international military health facilities using Agile methodology.  • Involved in all aspects of IT projects. Acquire information pertaining to IT issues and/or needs and develop plans and designs to integrate, change or add systems while ensuring integrity of project is maintained.  • Manage and monitor projects through the development, testing, implementation and sustainment stages using keen attention to detail.  • Plan and facilitate team meetings used to brainstorm, discuss and identify risks and document issues and lessons learned.  • Monitor contract requirements and ensure deliverables are completed on time, within budget and with excellence.  • Communicate directly with internal and external stakeholders on behalf of the U.S. government using attentive listening and effective oral and written communication.  • Develop Interim Progress Reports, Project Reports, Schedule Changes, Quad Charts, 5x8s, and Critical Issues Reports for senior leadership and external stakeholders. IT PROJECT MANAGER The GW Medical Faculty Associates - Washington, DC December 2015 to October 2016 Supervisor: Robert Perry, Rperry@mfa.gwu.edu  • As Program Manager, oversaw contractor network vendor work on IT infrastructure projects.  • Assisted with setting up the Project Management Office (PMO). Developed policy and project standards, created PMO mailbox, set up PMO page on intranet, worked closely with the Director of Communications to market the new office and created a Project Tracker system that I presented to senior executives and implemented.  • Led IT projects from planning and design stage through to completion, including a project that required moving staff and IT systems to new locations and implementing/upgrading medical software.  • Led process improvement meetings to identify inefficiencies and brainstorm ideas for streamlining and improving efficiencies.  • Assisted in the development of the IT Security policy which clearly and thoroughly outlined requirements for ensuring full security within IT systems.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Implemented secure texting application (Tiger Text)  ? Upgraded EMR (EPIC)  ? Improved phone system infrastructure (VoIP)  ? Deployed security tools  ? Assisted in data center move  ? Assisted in building web servers  ? Established wireless connections throughout the organization, including remote sites EPIC TRAINING MANAGER The GW Medical Faculty Associates - Washington, DC June 2015 to December 2015 Supervisor: Chad Capule, Cell: 202-489-8655  • Carried out the full range of supervisory duties for a staff of Instructional Designers. Planned, prioritized, assigned tracked and oversaw work and provided training, guidance, mentoring and constructive feedback.  • Coordinated and managed all aspects of end-user training.  • Developed curriculum delivery strategy for adult learners and presented training to executives, management officials, and the marketing team.  • Managed implementation of the Learning Management software and Epic software. CERTIFIED PHARMACY TECHNICIAN The GW Medical Faculty Associates - Washington, DC June 2015 to December 2015 Supervisor: Edward Jennings, Ejennings@mfa.gwu.edu  • Interpreted prescription information, patient and prescriber data, to accurately notate prescription labels.  • Managed insurance claims and billing.  • Responded to routine inquiries from customers and physicians.  • Worked closely with Pharmacist to fill prescriptions accurately and promptly.  • Inventoried pharmaceuticals, ordered medications and other stock.    Key Accomplishments:  ? Assisted in development of pharmacy delivery program to GW hospital  ? Led project in streamlining ordering pharmaceuticals utilizing Lean Six Sigma PHARMACY TECHNICIAN Wegman's Pharmacy - Rochester, NY September 2006 to July 2011 Supervisor: David Marchitelli Phone: 585-424-7350  • Interpreted prescription information, patient and prescriber data, to accurately notate prescription labels.  • Managed insurance claims and billing.  • Responded to routine inquiries from customers and physicians.  • Worked closely with Pharmacist to fill prescriptions accurately and promptly.  • Inventoried pharmaceuticals, ordered medications and other stock.    Key Accomplishments:  • Assisted in development of pharmacy delivery program to local University Education Master's in Health Care Management and Master's in Information Technology in Health Care Management and Master's Marymount University - Arlington, VA April 2019 Bachelor's degree in Multidisciplinary Studies in Applied Science & Technology Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY August 2011 Skills ITIL, SQL, Sharepoint, Visio, Vmware, Ms office, Spss, Six sigma, Mac, Pharmacy, Microsoft Office, testing, training, Office 365 implementation (1 year), Government contracting, EHR, Healthcare, Project Management, Powerpoint, Customer Service, Change Management, Excel, Asset Management Certifications/Licenses ITIL May 2019 to Present Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2019 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  MS Office Suite * Access * Visio * Project * SharePoint * Apple Mac OsX * SPSS * SQL  RX30 * Mkesson Pharmacy Enterprise * Agile Methodology * SELC Methodology * Lean Six Sigma * ITIL *SELC* Rigor * VMWare VDI