Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Eureka, MO Passionate project management professional focused on meeting project goals on time and within budget. Experience in plan-driven, phase gate and agile project teams delivering valuable outcomes to clients and customers. Always thinking about creatives ways to improve the way we run our projects from process improvements to tailoring our project methodology to fit customer needs. Work Experience Project Manager Retail Technology Group - Fenton, MO November 2015 to Present Plan and execute point of sale projects for major national restaurant fast food chains ranging from a few dozen  sites to over 300 locations per project.  * Lead project manager for new clients due to the highest customer satisfaction and project success rate within our team which leads to repeat business increasing our company's income by millions over the years.  * Successfully run multiple restaurant point of sale projects which include hardware staging, rack and stack, Layer-  1 cabling, audio, BOH server and digital menu board installs at one time.  * Collaborate with our sales team and customers on statement of work drafts, pricing, defining scope, schedule  estimates, procurement and risk identification.  * Improve and take over projects that are in the risk of failing with unhappy customers and stakeholders; by analyzing the projects failing points and implement a project process improvement plan successfully for  customer retention. IT Technical Support Specialist Scrubs & Beyond - Town & Country, MO, US May 2015 to November 2015 * Provide desktop support for HQ and remote POS support for our retail locations  * Configure and help managers setup Meraki Firewalls, Switches and Access Points  * Setup new employee emails, logins, phones, and PC's using Windows Server 2008 and Cisco CUCM Project Manager Retail Technology Group - St. Louis, MO December 2013 to May 2015 Assistant Manager Chihuahuas Mexican Restaurant - Maryland Heights, MO January 2011 to December 2013 Led our team to provide a stable and consistent dining experience for all our customers which directly lead to higher increase in sales year after year. Experience in all the FOH and BOH functions. Education Associates in Applied Science in Network Engineering in Design St. Louis Community College - St. Louis, MO 2014 to 2020 End User Support Certificate of Specialization St. Louis Community College - St. Louis, MO 2013 to 2014 Skills Project manager, Networking, Technical support, It infrastructure, Visio, Process improvement, Scheduling, Estimating, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Project 2013 Certifications/Licenses CAPM - PMI Present MCTS: Windows 7, Configuration Present CCNA Routing and Switching February 2013 to February 2016 Additional Information SKILLS & INTERESTS  * Skills: Technical Writing, Project 2013, Visio 2013, Project Management and Planning, Process Improvement, Technical Support, Customer Centric, Servant Leader, Creative Analytical Person, Out of the Box Thinker, Scrum Basics, Smartsheets, Trello, Disciplined Project Manager, Networking, and IT Infrastructure Basics.    * Interests: Basketball, Soccer, Game of Thrones, Scriptwriting, Movies, Cooking, Self-Improvement, Lifelong Learner, PMP, and always striving to learn more about the project subject matter ( IT, Coding, POS, Audio.)