IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Los Angeles, CA • Project management: 6 years hands-on project management experience.  • Critical thinking: Efficient problem solver who can think outside the box.  • Strong analytical skills: Over 6 years conducting analyses to improve processes, collecting requirements and making appropriate recommendations.  • Communication: Proven leadership skills to conduct meetings and gain commitment from stakeholders and general management.  • Language skills: English (fully fluent), French (native), German (intermediate).  • Cross-cultural adaptability: Extensive experiences working, travelling and living in various places around the world. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager LendingUSA, LLC - Sherman Oaks, CA March 2018 to Present Scrum Master for multiple concurrent projects from inception to delivery:  - Leading dev team in project execution.  - Conducting story mapping sessions with project/product owners.  - Delivering new features each sprint to provide business value quickly.  - Leading daily scrum calls to enhance team coordination and eliminate blockers.    Key projects:  - Creation of new internal/external-facing platforms, and migration from old systems, increasing scalability and reducing feature delivery cycles.  - Design-for-mobile credit application, enhancing UX and improving risk.  - Integration of a merchant search into our web credit application, generating leads for our merchants and increasing profits.  - Integration of Salesforce with production systems, increasing sales team's insights on merchant performance. Project Manager ISN Global Enterprises, Inc. - Claremont, CA June 2016 to Present As Project Manager, my role is to manage small to mid-size IT, nurse call and building security projects from client’s sign-off to project closure.  • Plan, execute, monitor and control project scope, time and costs to achieve project success, delivering final products and services in accordance with client requirements and project design.  • Enhance communications among project stakeholders.  • Maintain and enhance customer relationship throughout projects to achieve customer satisfaction.  • Perform telecommunications and network analyses to provide solutions to clients.  • Design business processes to improve internal operations.  • Implement solutions in compliance with company and industry standards for private businesses, government entities and healthcare institutions.  • Manage over 100 projects yearly, netting annual revenue of about $1M. Project Manager Luxembourg Red Cross - Luxembourg July 2013 to June 2015 As Project Manager and member of the Organization Development Team, my role was to improve processes and facilitate fieldwork across the 40 departments of the organization, enhancing internal customer satisfaction and productivity. My responsibilities included managing all aspects of multiple medium to large scale projects, such as scope, time, budget, quality, resources and risks, from initiation through delivery.    Document management project:   • Worked with non-technical internal customers to collect, analyze and prioritize requirements, consulting technical project stakeholders for technical constraints.  • Coordinated cross-functional teams and assigned individual activities, supporting project personnel with appropriate methods and procedures.  • Organized and led meetings to design policies and improve workflows.  • Created and structured request for proposal (RFP) to select the best solution and the best provider for the new document management system (2,500 users).  • Influenced decision makers in selecting the recommended solution (SharePoint) and contractor to ensure system integration.  • Identified and managed issues and risks to ensure timely completion of key deliverables.    Balanced scorecard (BSC) project:  • Provided training to 20 department managers on how to identify key performance indicators (KPI) as well as results indicators.  • Set up performance dashboards and measurement tools to support business goals, leading to improvements for departments and their beneficiaries.  • Developed and automated data gathering and reporting system on Excel VBA. Assistant Project Manager, internship Luxembourg Red Cross - Luxembourg September 2011 to August 2012 As a full-time intern of the Organization Development and Communication Team, my role was to assist the project manager and the department manager in projects and analyses.  • Conducted research and analyzed needs.  • Developed project management processes and templates.  • Implemented good practices in all departments of the organization.  • Assisted with updating and maintaining the Wordpress website. Assistant Sales Manager, internship Performances Autos SA - Pirae (PF) June 2010 to September 2010 As a full-time intern under supervision of the Sales Manager, my role was to support the company with development tasks in the automotive industry.  • Conducted marketing research and analysis on price and product strategy.  • Rewrote internal processes, using Business Process Modeling (BPM).  • Audited customer service procedures and environment.  • Developed automated database to create vehicle equipment and price sheets. Education Master's degree in Business Education, Knowledge Economy and Management, majored in Project Management SKEMA Business School - Lille (59) September 2009 to June 2013 Academic exchange semester in Business Indian Institute of Management Calcutta - Kolkata, West Bengal September 2012 to December 2012 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Word (10+ years), Microsoft Excel (8 years), Microsoft PowerPoint (7 years), Microsoft Visio (2 years), Microsoft Project (1 year), Microsoft SharePoint (Less than 1 year), Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) (3 years), Adobe Acrobat Pro (1 year), Cross-cultural adaptability (10+ years), Communication (8 years), Business analysis (4 years), Problem solving (4 years), Project Management (4 years), CMS content entry (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/simonmerot/en Certifications/Licenses PRINCE2 Foundation October 2010 to Present PRINCE2 Practitioner October 2013 to October 2018 Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2016 to October 2019 Groups Project Management Institute March 2016 to Present