Project Manager I <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> I Project Administrator/ Project Manager - Orion Management, LLC Waldorf, MD An effective leader, skilled in enlisting the support of all team members in aligning with project and  organization goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager I USPS - Fairfax, VA April 2018 to Present Work as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.  Develop status reports, cost estimates, and resource plans.  Make vital decisions and drive decision-making across projects.  Manage resource and capacity planning for projects.  Coordinate with customer to gather requirements and manage expectations.  Manage the deliverable process for programs  Manage the Site prep/installation process for programs  Set and adjust project milestones. Project Administrator/ Project Manager Orion Management, LLC - Springfield, VA February 2017 to Present Oversee multiple projects across all phases of development.  Monitor work flow and make timeline adjustments as needed.  Work as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones.  Develop status reports, cost estimates, and resource plans.  Make vital decisions and drive decision-making across projects.  Manage resource and capacity planning for projects.  Coordinate with customer to gather requirements and manage expectations.  Set and adjust project milestones.  Manage status reports, cost estimates, and resource plans.  Manage time for over 50 employees.  Manage a fleet of over 40 vehicles.  Developed a new process to track labor hours which resulted in less errors  Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational functions.  Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. IT Internship Grand Lodge - Marlboro, MD, US June 2013 to August 2015 Video Editing, Video Recording, Conversion of Tangible Documents to Virtual Copies for Online  Databases, Virus Scanning, Printer and Computer Network Troubleshooting, Communication,  Organization Education Bachelor of Science University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2016 Associate of Arts in General Studies College of Southern Maryland 2013 Skills BUDGETING (Less than 1 year), DATA MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), FINANCE (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Project Management, PM Certifications/Licenses Top Secret Security Clearance January 2018 to January 2023 Additional Information Skills    Project management Extremely organized  Self-motivated Data management  Budgeting and finance Process implementation  Conflict resolution Team leadership  Team leadership Communication  Microsoft Office Negotiation