eCommerce Operations and Project Manager eCommerce Operations and <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Round Rock, TX Accomplished, ambitious, and experienced eCommerce Operations and Technology Manager with excellent planning and organizational skills who is always willing to go the extra mile. Highly effective at planning, organizing, and implementing projects to meet business needs and deadlines. Proven ability to problem solve and communicate with employees and customers as needed. Leadership and communication skills allow for an effective management style, with the ability to work with a variety of different types of people. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience eCommerce Operations and Project Manager Alpha Industries - Chantilly, VA February 2018 to Present • SME for the eCommerce side of the business – Communicate vision, status, and performance metrics to key stakeholders and business leadership on a regular basis.  • Develop detailed project plans and manages all implementation processes including resource allocation, progress tracking, monitoring change control process, testing, documentation, training and on-time delivery within budget constraints.  • Collaborate with cross-functional teams to launch new products, features and enhancements on time and within budget, with a lens for stellar and innovative customer experiences.  • Streamline all technical issues that arise within our CRM, ERP, and VOIP systems, as well as any integrations by testing and escalating as necessary. Providing all information obtained during testing and research to the necessary team through JIRA ticketing system.  • Manage a team of Customer Service Representatives, holding them accountable for meeting specific industry and business standards and encouraging them through the difficult times. Sales Operations Associate Alpha Industries - Chantilly, VA January 2017 to Present • Managing the companies nine key accounts and all internal and external requests related to those accounts utilizing the ERP system, jet and cube reports and formatting pivot tables.  • Upload all product information and COO information into GSX and Tradestone, used by accounts for order placement.  • Create SOP's for how key accounts are managed and what is required by each in order to run smoothly, including vendor guide information from order placement to fulfillment.  • Assist with managing the SMU and post-production projects for all key accounts, as well as additional VIP accounts.  • Manage all prebooked orders, upcoming, and current orders to assure accuracy and availability and communicate effectively for any necessary changes, updates, or delays. IT Service Manager Sequentur, LLC - Manassas, VA October 2014 to January 2017 • Oversee and manage IT service management processes to ensure that all services/products were delivered according to their agreement.  • Monitored and reported on service/operational levels and performed regular customer/service providers/vendor reviews.  • Prepared, analyzed, maintained and presented deliverables pertaining to performance metrics.  • Maintained updated on relevant technologies, completing Citrix, VMware, Connectwise, and Cisco trainings.  • First line for all incoming tickets, to troubleshoot and gather as much information as possible prior to assigning to an engineer based on their availability, in ConnectWise.  • Responsible for managing the patch management on workstations and servers through Kaseya and scheduling updates and installations when necessary, directly with the customer, and engineer if needed. IT Service Manager Matrix Computer Consulting - Manassas, VA August 2013 to October 2014 • Point-of-contact for clients, obtaining as much information as possible about their issue prior to assigning the ticket to the engineer that is necessary to complete the task in accordance to the service level agreement in place.  • Assist with launching ConnectWise CRM system for the company by getting certified, assisting with testing and setup, and writing SOP's for the company.  • Establishing and managing procedures to ensure effective support coordination between IT Service Desk (tier 1), tier 2, and tier 3 resources and planning ongoing and upcoming projects accordingly.  • Work with the CEO and Sales Representative to execute Robin Robins to assist with furthering the growth of the company.  • Responsible for managing the patch management on workstations and servers through GFI and scheduling updates and installations when necessary, directly with the customer, and engineer if needed. Education Bachelor's in B.A.S. Technology and Innovation George Mason University - Fairfax, VA June 2020 A.A.S. in Business Management Northern Virginia Community College - Manassas, VA December 2017 High School Diploma Stonewall Jackson High School - Manassas, VA 2011 Skills Customer Service (10+ years), Microsoft Office Suite, Project Coordination, Team Leader, Data Analysis, Time Management, Account Management, Reporting, JIRA, Oracle, Key Account Management, Product Management, Contract Management, Vmware, Cisco Assessments Customer Service Skills — Highly Proficient October 2018 Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5o8h5llbdyyy28iu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.