Information Systems & Technology Project Manager Information Systems &amp; Technology <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Systems & Technology Project Manager Eclectic agile project manager with 7 years of experience capable of leading global teams through all project phases. Knowledgeable in the applications of scrum, waterfall, and agile methodologies. Quick to identify what makes teams tick, by facilitating an agile mindset, encouraging ownership and developing employees into top-performers. Work Experience Information Systems & Technology Project Manager Apple Inc - Miami, FL March 2019 to August 2019 Work with the IS&T Latin America department leads to create documentation related to projects in Audio/Visual, Telco invoicing for Latin America and regional vendor management. Redesign workflows, create manuals, and work on KPI's and presentations. Partner closely with cross-functional departments (Finance, P2P, IS&T A/V) to find innovative ways to elevate the capabilities of Apple technology systems to meet business needs. Leverage application software such as SAP PD2 (Purchase-to-Pay), Quip ( project management), OmniGraffle (workflows), Microsoft Office (KPI's) and Keynote (presentations).    ? Learned all IS&T Latin America current processes, workflows, systems and software needs  ? Improved A/P process for regional invoices from 30+ days, to less than 10 on average  ? Developed departmental KPI dashboard to present to Finance and Executive stakeholders  ? Identified opportunities for workflow redesigning, mapping out & analyzing data, and convey opportunities for departmental performance and efficiency improvements to IS&T Manager  ? Worked with Client Services Technology Lead to improve turnaround time for required AV project documentation in SAP (PD2, Workcycle & eApproval)  ? Built relationships with regional vendors, align their services with Apple's business needs, and follow established Service Level Agreements  ? Informed regional vendors of purchase requisition creation, send approved PO's to vendors, receive and analyze vendor invoices, and escalate to Accounts Payable when needed  ? Learn SAP PD2 in 30 days to analyze: proper budget controls using SAP T-codes, monitor funds in PO's, process invoices, purchase requisitions, change orders and Telco invoicing  ? Managed Telco accounts in 4 different countries (Colombia, Brazil, Mexico and Chile)  ? Increased the utilization of Quip collaboration tool to keep all stakeholders informed in real time on project related data, while diminishing the need for emails and recurring meetings. Project Manager Mastercard - Miami, FL July 2018 to February 2019 Led global Human Resources Benefits audit project for Corporate Human Resources - Total Rewards division, reporting to the Sr. VP for Global Total Rewards. Orchestrated weekly meetings with five global teams, ensuring completion of backlogged deliverables. Forged relationships with internal cross-functional decision makers across the organization globally. Improved reporting efficiency by developing and presenting, dashboard reporting on a weekly basis, presented project progress to executive team, managed stakeholder expectations and minimized scope creep.    ? Completed global backlog of 127 unregistered Mastercard suppliers, with over 300+ pending action items, and completed review of 177 global contracts  ? Partnered and collaborated with cross functional global teams composed of corporate and regional HR, Legal, Sourcing, Security Due Diligence and Third Party Risk  ? Implemented a Kanban/Agile methodology reducing global supplier registration wait times, from 90 days to 20 days, increasing team dynamics, productivity & operational efficiency  ? Partnered with global Security and Third Party Risk teams to ensure supplier compliance to data protection and gather ISO security certificates such as ISO27001, SOC1, SOC2, and PCI  ? Facilitated weekly status calls in 5 global regions to collaborate with project teams and update project deliverables, milestones and set action items  ? Obtained SAP Ariba super user access in first three weeks and coach/train global teams  ? Tracked and monitored all system uploads and assigned responsibilities  ? Influence internal change management through coaching and training  ? Leveraged use of Jira, Ariba and Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and MS Project IT Business Analyst Crystal Cruises - Miami, FL January 2018 to June 2018 Worked under Scrum/Agile methodology to implement IBM's Kenexa Suite product (Brassring and Onboarding) for global recruiting teams. Coordinated meetings between internal/external stakeholders, managed stakeholder expectations, and minimized scope creep. Kept teams focused on meeting milestones and deliverables set under IBM implementation project timeline. Responsible for the creation presentations, KPI's and status reports for stakeholders. Developed ongoing internal/external relationships to improve project flow and efficiency.    ? Conducted meetings with international teams in Europe and US to track project plan  ? Led timely completion of project milestones and deliverables in a 12 weeks  ? Managed project issues, risks and change management for global cross-functional teams and made recommendations to IT Director based on findings  ? Established and managed the change management and control process to track all changes in project scope during the implementation and post implementation  ? Facilitate system training to global recruiting team by preparing an agenda of complex technical information, to a non-technical team  ? Evaluate defects detected during user acceptance testing through and document feedback HRIS Coordinator Spectrum Brands - Miami, FL October 2016 to January 2018 Provide regional support to Latin America for specific Business Units and Functional areas by assisting in the implementation of corporate HR programs, in coordination and partnership with in-country HR teams. Successfully completed several project-based assignments using change management, transformational leadership skills and innovative solutions.    ? Implemented & led Workday corporate alignment project for Latin America in 8 countries  ? Audited & assessed HRIS data to produce KPI's, regional headcount and HR metrics  ? Developed content for Latin America using in-house LMS and created over 55 courses in 5 different functional areas, and 5 business units  ? Created and designed onboarding video for Latin America, including voiceovers  ? Oversaw creation of regional intranet page (SharePoint) and connected to corporate page to provide exposure for our region.  ? Leveraged learning software Adobe Captivate, GoAnimate, Camtasia9, Prezi and PowerPoint  ? Translated corporate documents (SOP, manuals, policies) from English to Spanish Project Manager FPD Painting Corp - Miami, FL December 2013 to October 2016 Managed large-scale commercial painting projects in South Florida. Reviewed and approved contract documents, coordinated project teams, implemented schedules, managed budgets and monitored all phases of projects from commencement to ensure a timely project close-out.    ? Managed all phases of projects during painting of 1 Hotel, Albion Hotel, W Hotel South Beach, Dadeland Mall, totaling in $4 million dollars in contract work  ? Developed relationships with clients & contractors resulting in $800,000 in change orders  ? Tracked and completed project deliverables using MS Project and document scope changes  ? Responsible for all OSHA safety on projects, including training, documentation and meetings  ? Created training videos to train staff on Safety and construction software Education Florida International University - Miami, FL 2018 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-gonzalez-csm-78252a53