IT Project Manager Liberty Tax <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Liberty Tax Norfolk, VA Work Experience IT Project Manager Liberty Tax Liberty Tax 2018 to Present Manage complex IT projects; work with stakeholders to determine project requirements, assess risk, budget, ROI, and schedule. Coordinate with multiple development teams to execute projects. Assess business implications for each project phase and monitor progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets. Articulate project goals and scope, translate business needs into technical terms, prepare detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instill shared accountability for achieving project milestones. Report project status, milestones and key dates to stakeholders, manage scope creep. Project Manager, Ingenuiti John Deere, Anthem, Tiffany & Co 2015 to 2018 Promoted to project manager role. Manage complex translation and localization projects with a focus on eLearning. Work with various projects for Volvo Construction, John Deere, Anthem, Tiffany & Co. Altria Group, CompTIA, CLS, Intel, Skillsoft and many more. Responsible for execution of projects, ability to adapt, acting liaison between clients, stakeholders and company, as well as international vendors. Change management, manage ROI, develop project schedules and maintain project scopes to meet client needs. Determine project milestones as well as deliverables. Schedule project work to effectively meet shifting deadlines. Establish project budgets, manage project cost, risk and scope creep/change. Assess business implications for each project phase and monitor progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets. Articulate project goals and scope, translate business needs into technical terms, prepare detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instill shared accountability for achieving project milestones.    Coordinate team members and independent contractors, locally and globally. Report project status, milestones and key dates to stakeholders. Participate in process improvement discussions regarding vendors and postmortem project inefficiencies. Project Coordinator 2014 to 2015 Responsible for assisting in the planning, scheduling, coordinating, and overall organizational process with the Project Manager. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA December 2013 Skills budget (5 years), business requirements (5 years), Client Relations (Less than 1 year), customer service (10+ years), Project Manager (5 years), CSM, PMP, PM, Waterfall, SDLC Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2018 to Present Additional Information PERSONAL SKILLS AND COMPETENCES    Driven and extroverted individual that enjoys a professional environment. Determined and motivated to build long lasting relationships with co-workers and clients.    Project Manager & Certified SCRUM Master; over 5 years of experience managing complex projects for Fortune 500 companies, coordinating team of developers, engineers, product, design and marketing professionals. Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects within specifications and budget restrictions. Able to merge customer and user needs with business requirements, determine and adhere to budgetary restrictions, as well as logistical considerations to meet project deliverables.    ADDITIONAL SKILLS    Certified SCRUM Master, Competent in MS Project, MS Project Online, VSTS, TFS, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint. Knowledge of SPSS.  Possess strong organizational and follow through skills, with the ability to prioritize and meet daily shifting deadlines. Emphasis on research, teamwork, process, customer service and awareness of public view. Hard working and motivated to build a career.    Core competencies include:    ? Team Building ? Client Relations ? Research & Analysis  ? SCRUM ? Problem Solving ? Public Speaking