General Manager General <span class="hl">Manager</span> General Manager Los Angeles, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience General Manager Papa Johns - London 2012 to 2017 Successfully led diverse initiatives, emphasizing outstanding customer experience, within a centrally located store, dramatically  meeting and surpassing all revenue and service metrics.  Key Achievements  • Restructured operations of underperforming store with a ranking of 117th nationwide to achieve Top-5 recognition through strategic business and service streamlining, effective corporate liaison and policy implementation.  • Trained and mentored staff with an emphasis on flawless service and corporate citizenship.  • Analyzed market, devising highly successful New Media and POS campaigns.  • Negotiated advantageously with vendors and suppliers, optimizing purchasing and inventory levels. Assistant Project Manager Asian Development Bank 2009 to 2011 Made significant contributions to long-term disaster relief after magnitude 7.6 earthquake in northern Pakistan  region of Azad Kashmir.  Key Achievements  • Helped to oversee operations to equip hospitals to provide care for more than 75,000 injured residents (ADB).  • Managed logistics and community liaison functions to install and operate an urgently needed water purification system in the city  of Muzaffarabad (HFI). IT Project Management University of Punjab 2010 to 2010 IT Project Management - PowerPoint presentation of cutting-edge IT applications in the financial industry to improve  documentation, communication and data security.  University of Punjab, Pakistan - Bachelor of Arts, Liberal Arts, 2010 Education Postgraduate Diploma in Computing Glyndwr University - London 2015 Master of Business Administration in International Business Management University of Wales - Oxford 2014 Skills Ambitious (Less than 1 year), Articulate (Less than 1 year), Branding (Less than 1 year), IT Project Management (1 year), Project Management (1 year), Scheduling, Training, inventory, Payroll, Operations Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Significant experience and education in Strategic Business Planning, Risk Assessment and Process Improvement. Skilled in  Branding & Product Positioning through targeted legacy & New Media Marketing. Apply Research, Analytic Insight and Business  Intelligence to deliver Transformative Outcomes in Revenue Growth.  Uniquely qualified as a Leader and Motivator; spearhead Ambitious Projects, effectively Training and Motivating  Cohesive Teams, Collaborating Cross-Functionally, marshalling Company-Wide Resources to deliver Business  and Financial Results.  Exceptional Written and Oral Communication Abilities, applying representative data samples, implications and expectations to generate  Readable, Engaging Reports. Personable and Articulate, represent organizations effectively in professional and public arenas. IT  Literate: Object Oriented Programming, IT Project Management, MS Office Suite, Adobe CC, Cloud Computing & Social Media.  Thrive in challenging, dynamic environments, applying the full spectrum of proven capabilities, to make significant contributions to  corporate profit improvement.