BILINGUAL TEACHER BILINGUAL TEACHER BILINGUAL TEACHER Weston, FL Bilingual teacher ( Spanish-English) with over two years of experience with a strong focus on instructional planning, participating in the implementation of different instructional process. Proven analytical and communication abilities with advanced skills in the following areas: Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience BILINGUAL TEACHER INTERNATIONAL LEADERSHIP OF TEXAS April 2018 to May 2019 Responsible for: providing instruction in two languages (English and Spanish) and developing learning plans for elementary grade level; achieving academic progress and discipline objectives; following exam schedule and keeping official records for students; providing regular feedback to parents and students; implementing tailored teaching strategies to meet the specific educational needs of all students.    KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS:    • Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects; presented academic goals for the year to parents; communicated assignments to students.  • Developed and managed official grade tests creating regular student progress reports.  • Established and enforced rules and procedures for the classroom.   • Presented students’ challenges and academic progress with parents and school staff to agree on individual improvement plans and support the needs of specific students.  • Participated in faculty and professional meetings, educational conferences, and teacher training workshops.   • Observed and enforced the policies, rules, and regulations from the school district.  • Coordinated and planned grade level field trips with 160 students.  • Led the international teachers group, managing a team of 20 teachers and working with them to identify their needs and expectations in collaboration with the district chief. PROJECT MANAGER GRAN TIERRA ENERGY (Colombia) - Bogota Colombia 2010 to 2011 Responsible for managing key core business projects, identifying new solutions, improving business efficiency and productivity. Information gathering with business users and business unit heads to develop use cases and software development improvement requiments for short term, medium term and long term business needs.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Led the implementation of the ERP software "IDEAS", including modules for the Finance and Procurement departments.  • Developed all the documents to analyze the processes in the Financial area with the purpose to implement a new tool in the system that helped the users to take less time to create the reports and to prevent unauthorized modifications in the information.  • Worked in all the requirements documents, project charter, opportunity assessments, resource plan, project schedules, post implementation review, process diagrams, business procedures, gap analysis, status updates, decision record, business cases, test plan, test script.  • Analyzed all the workflows and made recommendations to improve the processes and procedures.  • Led the interaction with the corporate IT team by submitting change requests and resources approval through the corporate project intake queue.  • Coordinated sub projects whitin larger change projects.  • Met with the Stakeholders and business unit heads to seek buy-in, engegament within their teams and ensure ongoing commitments to projects.  • Served as central point of contact between stakeholders and the IT department. IT Coordinator EMERALD ENERGY PLC SUCURSAL COLOMBIA (Colombia) 2004 to 2010 Responsible for managing the IT department including software designs, enhancements, Network operation, Information security, resources and personnel.  KEY ACCOMPLISHMENTS:  • Implemented and maintained several core business software solutions for Finance, Accounting, Vendor Management and Oil Production departments.  • Coordinating moving to new corporate offices, includng the construction of two data centers, physical infrastructure readiness, telephone systems from analog/phone-switch to Voice-over-IP, retrofit UPS, fire detection, cooling system, access control, surveillance system, data center build up, and vendor management. The project was successfully on time and right on budget.  • Developed the Intranet using HTML tools.  • Developed all of the documents with UML tools to analyze the processes in the production area with the purpose of implementing a new tool in the system that helped the users to take less time to generate the daily report and to prevent modifications in the information.  • Developed all of the implementation for the ERP, working close with the accounting manager and his team, and playing the role as the central point with the financial area and the Technical team, software provider and the end user. Education Master's in Curriculum and Instruction with a Specialization in Bilingual Education A&M International University - Laredo, TX July 2019 to Present Bachelor's in Computer Systems Engineering Manuela Beltran University - Bogota March 2004 to September 2008 Project Management Certificate Manuela Beltran University Skills Project planning, Visio, Mentoring, Process design, Microsoft office, Organizational Skills, Teaching, Time Management Certifications/Licenses ELPS certificate September 2018 to September 2019 TELPAS certificate April 2018 to March 2019 Florida Teacher Certificate July 2019 to July 2024