Head of IT Department Head of <span class="hl">IT</span> Department IT manager, System Administrator, Project Manager, Web manager Ashburn, VA I have held responsible positions in a number of companies specializing in IT services as an IT Manager, Project Manager, System Administrator, Tester and Programmer. My practical experience includes IT Management, Project Management, Systems Administration, Support, Software Development, Web Development, Testing, Specifications, Security Policy and People Management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Head of IT Department Neco Insurance Ltd May 2016 to February 2019 ? Ensures the day-to-day operation of the Organization IT infrastructure such as its WAN and LAN networks, Windows Server 2012 R2 Active Directory, data backup, disaster mitigation, e-mail server, remote connections, servers and PC's.  ? Server Virtualization practices using Citrix and Vmware.  ? Manage Core Insurance software, Payroll, Fixed Asset and Inventory Software, Website etc and also ensure their 100% up time.  ? Manage IT staff by coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance  ? Design, develop, implement and coordinate systems, policies, and procedures  ? Ensure security of data, network access and backup systems, Act in alignment with user needs and system functionality to contribute to organizational policy  ? Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in time  ? Preserve assets, information security and control structures  ? Handle annual budget and ensure cost effectiveness  ? Researching and recommending new products.  ? Audit systems and assess their outcomes Project Manager IT Advisors Nepal January 2015 to May 2016 ? Creating tailor made web and mobile applications as well as websites based on our own CMS.  ? Guide project leads on for planning, preparing and reviewing the technical specifications as well as drawing key milestones of the project, identifying the risks and suggest mitigation plans, dealing with clients, translating business requirements to technical specifications and provide guidance to ensure the developed application is on expected quality.  ? Implement formal Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process for the design, development, testing, and deployment of all organizational software applications.  ? Apply waterfall, agile, or a hybrid of both methodologies to deliver high-quality deliverable.  ? Review all deliverable prepared by team, ensuring they meet project and business goals before presenting to clients  ? Contribute on project creation phase including technical discussions with prospective clients and also provide development workload and cost estimation of the proposed project to sales team.  ? Create appropriate project documentation such as user flows, detailed requirements and tickets to help internal teams understand what is expected of them, so that they deliver quality work in an efficient manner.  ? Coordinate with HR for hiring process and recommend the suitable candidate for the team. Sr. web developer/ Project development Manager Dryice Solutions Pvt. Ltd November 2010 to December 2013 ? Design and Develop Websites for different business clients in mvc framework particularly in Codeigniter.  ? Involved in application design, site architecture design, using PHP, CSS, JavaScript and HTML programming to meet validation requirements.  ? Deriving the software solutions and guiding the development team.  ? Analyzing the risks and implementing the mitigation plans.  ? Defining the project cost estimation in terms of time and resources.  ? Defining and implementing project management policies, standards and processes.  ? Resource Management and allocation including their capacity assessment and skill-set derivation.  ? Technical Mentoring and guidance to project teams and solution architect.  ? Handling and managing multiple software development teams along with resource allocation, supervision and monitoring.  ? Being part of Technical Interview to assist the recruitment along with HR.  ? Organizing and handling various training to clients. Web Developer Hitech Valley iNet January 2009 to October 2010 ? Performed Custom PHP based application/website development, email maintenance to over 200 different business clients  ? Performed MySQL Database backup and maintenance  ? Used applications such as Dreamweaver, notepad++, Adobe Acrobat/Photoshop, SQlYog, and PHPMyAdmin  ? Managing and handling of WHM & Cpanel for Web hosting  ? Technologies Used: HTML, XHTML, HTML, CSS, PHP, Codeigniter, XML, SQL, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX Education Bachelor's in Computer Engineering Apex College August 2002 to August 2006 Skills Html, Javascript, PHP, Codeigniter, Laravel, DHCP, LAN/WAN, Remote access, MVC Framework, SDLC, DNS, Nas, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Css, Active Directory, System Admin, Vmware, Linux, Agile/Scrum, Virtualization Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jiteshkarki Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  ? Network and Operating Systems/Platforms: 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016 NT Server; Mac OS, Linux.  ? Software Applications: Microsoft Office Suite 2007/2010/2013 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)  ? Troubleshooting//Repairing: Digital senders, Printers, Scanners, Desktop/Laptop/Apple Computers and Photocopiers.  ? Hardware: PC / Mac desktops / laptops and peripherals, as well as servers, workstations, and LAN / WAN routing systems; voice and data cabling and printers.  ? Installation, Configuration, Managed and of Windows 2003/2008 Servers, DHCP, DNS, WINS, Active Directory Users & Groups, File Server, Network Attached Storage (NAS), Backup synchronization  Tools/Application.  ? Building and maintaining of desktop/laptops for business Partners, business users  ? Experience with remote access, LAN/WAN monitoring, and backup recovery  ? Professional experience in installing, configuring, and Repairing computers, printers, and network  infrastructure Hardware  ? Professional experience managing documentation for users on new or upgraded computer applications  and hardware  ? Professional communication skills, able to multitask in Business environments  ? Proven self-starter who can organize work also set priorities and meet critical deadlines.  ? Effective communicator with clients, subordinates and Supervisors  ? Strong grasp of connectivity issues Server 2003/2008 and 2012 DC, DNS, DHCP, Office365 etc  ? Strong knowledge, design and connectivity of LAN and WAN.  ? Experience in Php and Mysql platform with html 5, CSS 3 & Javascript  ? Experience in SDLC and it's methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall.  ? Sound Knowledge of Database technologies like MysQL, Oracle and MS-SQL  ? Working Knowledge of MVC framework of PHP like Codeigniter and Laravel  ? Working Knowledge of Wordpress, Drupal and Joomla CMS  ? Good knowledge of WHM and Cpanel Configuration for hosting website, email and Application  ? Strong knowledge of SEO and using Web Master Platforms