Business Development & Project Manager Consultant Business Development &amp; <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant Business Development & Project Manager Consultant - DNASource Technology Henderson, NV Talent recruitment and acquisition professional with eight years of experience of developing and executing recruiting plans within both agency and in-house settings. Manage all phases of full-cycle recruiting, from initial sourcing and screening through offer negotiations, placement and onboarding. Creatively source high-caliber candidates by leveraging recruiting software, social media, cold-calling and employee referrals. Work Experience Business Development & Project Manager Consultant DNASource Technology - Las Vegas, NV December 2017 to Present Direct sales and account managers for increased sales, new client services, solution processes, and training for staffing rollouts. Initiate project management on new client implementation and direct new sales initiatives. Responsible for conducting end-to-end recruitment process from sourcing to applicant closure. Approached, intrigued, engaged, and closed passive talent using compelling narratives, uncovering unmet needs/goals/aspirations, rapport building, and excellent salesmanship. Generated new clients by proactively marketing top candidates to Directors and Managers to uncover existing needs and opportunity costs as related to engineering headcount and production schedule goals. Performed intake calls to understand client needs, and performed searches on behalf of clients using LinkedIn, job postings, and working with existing and past candidates to generate referrals. Managed several critical client accounts simultaneously educating Managers and Directors on best practices to improve hiring efficiency.  ? Won merit based company contest for a trip to Hawaii by placing the most candidates in Q3 of 2018.  ? Created and maintained a high volume pipeline of candidates for numerous clients by daily making 50+ cold calls, emailing 100+ candidates, asking for referrals and posting jobs after winning new recruiting assignments.  ? Earned numerous public recommendations and endorsements from candidates.  ? Designed and implemented processes to enhance sales productivity, through pipelines, CRM tools, and targeted education. Increased viable lead generation by 47% in first year.  ? Created new brand awareness, through marketing, sales materials, and sales replication.  ? Develop relationships with existing client base at all levels of the hierarchy, establishing brand awareness.  ? Oversee and responded to procurement driven RFP's with financial analysis & presentations.  ? Developed SWOT methodologies, and response to competitive landscape. Directly grew new sales by $12M.  ? Built and managed a team of sales and account managers. Created highly interactive training at the application level, resulting in a significant increase in new sales. Increased sales by $10 million in 2018. Senior Technical Recruiter / Account Manager Consultant Tek-Systems - Phoenix, AZ May 2014 to December 2017 Accountable for preparing and carrying out strategic sourcing strategy, to find the most talented IT professionals. Built a network of candidates by sourcing with tools such as LinkedIn (and other social media outlets), Monster, Dice, Indeed, Craigslist and Boolean string searches.  ? Conducted phone and in person interviews, reviewed resumes and evaluated candidates to find the most qualified IT professional for client's requirements.  ? Responsible for continuously updating and maintaining recruiter database for daily activity pipeline management and forecasting data.  ? Performed detailed and thorough reference checks, reviewed candidates qualifications to meet customer's requirements and business initiatives.  ? Validated and locked down candidate's commitment to new position reviewing all possible avenues for applicant hesitation.  ? Negotiated appropriate contract rate for open position with applicant and client.  ? Built and maintained contractor relationships through business lunches, paycheck delivery, and out of office activities.  ? Perform as Recruiting SME in support of Business Development/Revenue-Generating activities.  ? Follow a standardized, documented and repeatable candidate qualification process uniform across Whirlpool.  ? Perform as a full desk recruiter on specific accounts.  ? Acquire technical and business vertical expertise and make effective use of Whirlpool provided support staff along with current tools and consistent training.  ? Partner with hiring teams to build effective sourcing, assessment, and closing approaches with an ability to manage customer/partner expectations through a deep understanding of return on investment.  ? Employ proven recruiting principles, standard sourcing techniques, and continuing education in latest industry trends and techniques.  ? Recruit passive candidates and gauge chemistry of candidates for fit and motivation rather than simply sell a role.  ? Build and maintain networks of potential candidates through proactive market research and on-going relationship management; conduct in-depth interviews of potential candidates, demonstrating ability to anticipate hiring manager preferences through high interview-to-offer ratios.  ? Participate in special projects/recruiting initiatives including assessment of best practices in interviewing techniques, leveraging of internal sources of talent and identification of top performers for senior-level openings.  ? Focus on time management and performance focused on critical demand first.  ? Perform in an environment of collaborative team work with the goal of delivering top candidates. IT Recruiter Consultant Ciber - Detroit, MI March 2012 to May 2014 Identified highly technically skilled, bright, talented job seekers by using direct and indirect sourcing methods and matching them to ideal positions.  ? Established candidate motivators and tailored closing strategies for some of the most competitive job candidates in the industry.  ? Consulted Hiring Managers and Team Leaders to define sought after competencies and managed requisitions.  ? Negotiated offer details and closed hires at an 85% Acceptance Rate for Full-Time Hires and 80% Acceptance Rate for Intern Hires.  ? Reviewed compensation and benefit packages to all hired candidates, including breakdown of annual salary, signing bonuses, bonus structure, healthcare coverage, vacation/paid time off, and stock awards.  ? Created and maintained weekly report on recruitment activities, applicants flow and hires.  ? Contacted qualified candidates via email (utilizing MS Office) and telephone to screen/interview for customer request.  ? Utilized HRIS tool, maintaining weekly recruiting reports.  ? Conducted semi-annual reviews of files to ensure compliance.  ? Sourced candidates via internet searches, job fairs, referrals and networking.  ? Created job postings via Monster, Career Builder, LinkedIN and DICE.com.  ? Negotiated compensation and benefits package with each candidate.  ? Negotiated and close offer candidate and initiate new hire process.  ? Developed and maintained contacts with schools, employment agencies and other public organizations to find and attract applicants.  ? Provided support, leadership, advocacy and vision for the recruiting office.  ? Sourced, screened, scheduled, interviewed and IT candidates.  ? Maintained a pipeline of candidates. IT Sourcing Intern I IT Recruiter Apple, Argentina - BR March 2010 to March 2012 Interviewed potential clients to gather relevant information and determine best qualified for position utilizing company applicant tracking system.  ? Reviewed job orders and position requirements with candidates.  ? Utilized Monster.com and CareerBuilder.com to source/identify qualified candidates per job order.  ? Contacted qualified candidates via email (utilizing MS Office) and telephone to screen/interview for customer request.  ? Created job postings via Monster, Career Builder, LinkedIN and DICE.com  ? Negotiated compensation and benefits package with each candidate.  ? Negotiated and close offer candidate and initiate new hire process.  ? Identified qualified candidates using multiple sources such as market data, internet research, a broad network of applicant channels, and campus recruiting and direct engagement of passive job seekers.  ? Worked closely with management to develop staffing plans, candidate qualifications, interviewing, and establishing total compensation for any prospective hires.  ? Managed candidate offer process including presentation of employment offer, negotiation and closure.  ? Managed high volume hires and required load to high quality hard to find candidates.  ? Conducted phone and in person interviews, reviewed resumes and evaluated candidates to find the most qualified IT professional for client's requirements.  ? Responsible for continuously updating and maintaining recruiter database for daily activity pipeline management and forecasting data.  ? Performed detailed and thorough reference checks, reviewed candidates qualifications to meet customer's requirements and business initiatives.  ? Validated and locked down candidate's commitment to new position reviewing all possible avenues for applicant hesitation  ? Negotiated appropriate contract rate for open position with applicant and client.  ? Built and maintained contractor relationships through business lunches, paycheck delivery, and out of office activities. Education High school or equivalent Skills RECRUITING, RECRUITMENT, STAFFING, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, COLD CALLING Additional Information LIST OF TECHNICAL ABILITIES:    ? Be accountable for enhancing the recruitment team's ability to rapidly target, identify, source, and present top talent for current and future searches.  ? Partner with the recruitment team to develop search strategies, create position profiles, and build target lists.  ? Develop passive candidates through name generation, networking, cold calling, complex internet searches and research.  ? Source active candidates from online databases, contact lists, internal databases, and employee referrals.  ? Source directly into target list companies and industries to identify, qualify and develop candidates.  ? Maintain reporting of metrics and data generation for all sourcing and recruitment activity.  ? Screen candidates and resumes / applications for availability, interest level, salary range.  ? Proactively develop, grow and maintain a network of external prospects that may become, or may lead to, potential candidates for future searches.  ? Effectively manage the candidate process including assessments, interview coordination, and offer negotiation.  ? Interact with and build successful partnerships with hiring managers.    Recruiting Skills:  • Talent Assessment & Acquisition  • Candidate Sourcing & Screening  • Advanced Boolean Searches  • Exempt & Non-Exempt Staffing    • Executive Recruiting  • High-Volume Staffing  • Offer Negotiations  • Placement & Onboarding    • ATS & Recruiting Software  • Social Media Recruiting Tools  • Employment Law & HR Affairs  • Client Relationship Management