Crew Member Volunteer Crew Member Volunteer Sr. IT Strategist Manassas Park, VA A target driven and client-focused IT Management professional with exceptional project management and leadership skills. Dedicated to deciphering, constructing, and implementing best practices to advance organizational success. Proven ability to foster successful working relationships with peers, senior leaders, and stakeholders; utilizing innovation and resourcefulness in the development, presentation, and implementation of strategic solutions. Exceptional capacity to enter new environments and begin to produce clear-cut results from the start with well-developed analytical skills, flexibility, and adaptability in new situations and changing organizational needs. Natural motivator of people and leader, skilled at leading virtual and Information Technology Management Professionals.    HIGHLIGHTS  • A pragmatic and analytic decision maker with extensive problem-solving and prioritization skills, combined with a target-focused work ethic in supporting multi-tiered Information Technology Management Projects.   • Expert level Proficiency in a variety of software which supports daily accountabilities and business interactions with superb learning agility, adapting to new processes, tools, and team structures effortlessly.  • Actualize efficiencies and cost savings to meet and exceed employer expectation and objectives; display sound judgment and the capacity to enact rational and timely decision-making and problem-solving.     COMPETENCIES  • Risk Analysis, Assessment and Management   • Business Intelligence   • Project Management   • Change Management  • Operations Planning and Management   • Quality Assurance Testing  • Data Analysis   • Technical Report Writing Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Crew Member Volunteer Tony Robbins March 2019 to Present • Committed to assisting Tony Robbins mission to end suffering. Served as a crew member and provided support in a high intensity emotional environment with over 15, 000 attendants from all over the world. Web Team Project Manager Volunteer Give Me A Break From Cancer July 2015 to Present • Managed total project lifecycle phases from conception through the delivery on a new website; delivering guidance and instruction for content management, creative direction, functionality, future advertising opportunities, and coordination of up to 10 team members.  • Acted as a strategic partner and provided valuable recommendation and enhancements to generate traffic to website and improve social media presence.  • Demonstrated proficiency in combining marketing, communications, and relationship management expertise with an astute ability to analyze and understand business operations. Senior IT Strategist Associate Booz Allen Hamilton - Herndon, VA February 2016 to February 2018 • Overhauled internal team processes, streamlining operations, implementing SDLC process which has served to save time, reduce errors and increased overall efficiencies across the department.  • Maintained a reputation for success with all clients, striving to go above and beyond with a genuine passion and desire to enhance clients' businesses, drive revenue, and assist them in achieving their goals.   • Provided high-level technical support and became the “go-to” subject matter expert in Data Warehousing which lead to a highly sought-after promotion within one year of employment. Assistant Project Manager Technical Expert Consulting - Herndon, VA March 2012 to July 2015 • Identified a process improvement opportunity which reduced the Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) time from 72 hours to less than 24 hours for our monthly Title IV Additional Servicers (TIVAS) load of more than 140 million records.  • Provided MicroStrategy, Huddle and IssueTrak training to three entry-level staff that came on board in early 2015 as well as a high-level overview of the project.  • Developed requirements, design, process, procedure, and workflow analysis documents.  • Documented and resolved helpdesk issues including creating ad hoc reports for users in MicroStrategy.  • Performed system and application testing including validating that fixes were successful through execution of test plans/cases to meet weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual releases (including disaster recovery). Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology George Mason University, Volgenau School of Engineering - Fairfax, VA May 2011 Master of Science in Technology Management George Mason University, School of Business - Fairfax, VA Certification in Project Management Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA Associate in Computer Science, Business Administration, and Science Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/harpreetdhanoya Certifications/Licenses Change Management Specialist (CMS) Six Sigma Lean Professional (SSLP) Project Management ITIL v3 CIO and IT Executive Leadership