Assistant store manager Assistant store <span class="hl">manager</span> Project Manager - Arcadia Inc Kansas City, MO Recently relocated for family reasons, Kansas city, MO 64133, no longer in Las vegas. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant store manager Walgreens - Kansas City, MO March 2019 to Present key holder position, responsible for all store operations, looking to change back to project management due to lack of growth possibilities. Also require Sunday’s off for religious reasons. Project Manager Arcadia Inc - Las Vegas, NV November 2013 to Present Estimated jobs, procured materials, submitted close out documents and wrote change orders for glazing contractors, general contractors and  export companies.  ? Avoided future structural issues by submitting RFIs to architects,  ensuring conformity to ATFP criteria.  ? Closed out over $4M of open orders dating back five years, by finding  original will call signature backups.  ? Wrote instructional manual for our V6 estimating software and our  TBRED sales order system, to accelerate onboarding of new hires.  ? Implemented email only policy for bids & estimating to avoid a six  person line at the fax machine, making the company more lean and reducing shrinkage.  ? Created electronic filing system for safety meetings to decrease time lost  and auditing issues, which is now used on a corporate level and managed a team of ten employees sometimes more. Project Manager/Estimator W CARTER GLASS - Kansas City, KS November 2018 to March 2019 Estimated jobs, procured materials, submitted close out documents and wrote change orders for glazing contractors, general contractors and  export companies.    Weekly meetings with potential customers at job-sites.    Daily email correspondence, management of multiple projects with short deadlines.    Use of all Microsoft software daily. IT Support UPS - Las Vegas, NV September 2016 to January 2017 Worked in a high volume tech support call center that required a high  amount of concentration to successfully meet the daily volume of calls.  ? Recognized by management as a top performer, due to zero minute wait  time and perfect evaluation of bi-weekly call audit.  ? Used advanced techniques to handle difficult situations and meet all of the customer's demands within predetermined time limits. Mechanic intern Permian gmc Nissan - Hobbs, NM February 2007 to March 2008 Worked for free as an intern to get hands on experience for working on vehicles, pulling parts, basically worked there for fun. Be around mechanic shops since I was 7 years old helping my dad in his mechanic shop. Education High school Skills ESTIMATING (4 years), TAKE-OFF, CHANGE ORDERS (4 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT, ACOUSTIC, Office Management (3 years), Microsoft Office, Customer Service, Sales, Excel, Microsoft Word, MS Office, Management, Retail, Cash Handling, Inventory, Marketing Additional Information Skills  *Change orders & close out documents *Architectural take-off    *Management experience team of ten employees, all of which were much older than I was    *Ability to adapt to changing environment and learn new procedures quickly     *Not afraid of making the hard decisions    *Inspire others to succeed at their job, while maintaining good team work practices and keep great morale among all employees.