SENIOR TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR TECHNICAL <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER - Southwest Airlines Frisco, TX Work Experience SENIOR TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER Southwest Airlines - Dallas, TX September 2018 to Present Managed high visibility IT Programs that ranged in sizes from $12 to $30 million  ? Lead Project Manager for executing Commodity Tracking Waterfall project  ? Facilitate daily scrum meetings with onsite preserve the project backlog within a tight deadline  ? Executed three (3) Pilot stations that impacted 120 daily flights and over 17,000 consumers  ? Managed the communication with the key business stakeholders and worked directly with the Business Readiness team to execute the announcement of the project deployments SENIOR TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER Delta Airlines - Atlanta, GA July 2018 to July 2018 Managed high visibility IT projects that ranged in sizes from $500K to $15 million  ? Successfully delivered 100% of projects on schedule and on budget  ? Lead Project Manager for executing the Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) Waterfall project within the SAP HRSS application  ? Facilitate daily scrum meetings with onsite, offshore and product manager to preserve the project backlog by utilize the HP PPM tool to deliver the project within the tight deadline  ? Executed three (3) pilot/soft launch releases to prepare for one night overnight execution to minimize the impact for the 16,000 pilots worldwide  ? Lead Project Manager responsible for delivery the Single Sign-on (SSO) Agile project for all of the Delta crew members within the iCREW application  ? Worked directly with Solution Architects, Enterprise Architects, Solution Engineers, SMEs and Application Development Leads (XML, Java, HTML, Javascript)  ? Worked directly with the Resource Managers to identify the allocation of resources to prioritize the execution of the project plan  ? Presented weekly to the IT Executive Leadership team on the overall status of the projects  ? Proactively build, track, communicate and lead recovery actions for any risk that exists  ? Support client engagements to ensure all project milestones are met according to schedule  ? Worked with Stakeholder teams to capture the parameters and requirements (BRs) ensure product/service execution  ? Technical liaison between the Business Stakeholder and Software Development team to align engineering requirements (FRs) SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER AT&T/ Cricket Wireless - Atlanta, GA 2015 to 2018 Managed a team of 4 to 5 Technical Project Managers  ? Oversaw a minimum of 6 projects per release. Project sizes varied from $250k to $10 million  ? Successfully delivered 95% of projects on schedule and 93% on budget  ? Fundamental resource for a new start up division of AT&T. Engaged with other IT departments to execute a "can do" success with new applications and Legacy groups  ? Held weekly team meetings with each PMs that were accountable for delivering projects within National Retail, Supply Chain and Store Operations  ? IT technical liaison that worked directly with the product team to categorize product backlog and best practices to measure customer satisfaction, critical milestone and at project completion to ensure projects met stakeholder expectations  ? Facilitated daily scrum meetings with offsite development leads and onsite architects  ? Worked directly with Solution Architects, Enterprise Architects, Solution Engineers, SMEs and Application Development Leads (Cobol, Microservices, XML, Java, HTML, Javascript) and effectively communicate  ? Presented daily status on high visible projects/programs with the IT Leadership team during our team scrum meetings  ? SME on National Retail, POS and Supply Chain IT projects  ? Executed the onboarding of all new National Retail partnerships (Walmart, Target, Best Buy, Kroger, etc.) to setup Electronic Data Interface (EDI) and network connectivity with their POS and back-office API integration  ? Effectively collaborate with all National Retailer clients to collect requirements, product roadmap, development and implementation, program status reporting, budget accountability and product readiness  ? Proficient at driving multiple high visible projects effectively leverage all resources to drive results, ability to create excellent processes  ? Assesses strategic plans, evaluate technology issues and create strategic roadmap for applications and systems based on long-term direction of the business and technology needs  ? Responsible for managing global, strategic high-risk projects/programs involving complex cross-program interlock with new international partners IT PROJECT BUSINESS MANAGER 2014 to 2015 Delivered high visibility projects which lead to the promotion to Program Manager  ? Established IT project feasibility; led Waterfall methodologies into hybrid Agile environments; achieved financial objectives; successfully coordinated UAT PROGRAM MANAGER TechSafari - Roswell, GA 2012 to 2014 Maintained IT projects, programs, and strategies by managing staff while researching and implementing technical solutions  ? Successfully delivered business integration services, Client Relationship Management (CRM) platform and e-commerce solutions to business customers, which represent more than $20M projects  ? Actively engage clientele, vendors, sales, and interdepartmental divisions to ensure customer expectations are met and exceeded  ? Performed Program Monitoring, Governance and Product Release Communication activities for successful program management  ? Identify day-to-day deployment task of internal, external and in-market cross functional teams ensuring successful completion of deployments within scope, schedule and budget NATIONAL CONSULTANT/ PROJECT MANAGER Automated System Design - Alpharetta, GA 2010 to 2012 National Project Manager responsible for interacting with the International and National IT client teams to deliver new hardware (cable racks, switches, routers, Wi-Fi) for expansion or new construction within the CDF, MDF and IDF closets  ? Travel to different sites to facilitate on-site walkthroughs, execute plan with vendors (both union and non-contractors), and direct resources  ? Worked directly with the store operations team to implement new POS hardware/software integration  ? Ensured all permits are in compliance with local and county codes and jurisdictions  ? Lead project teams to achieve key project milestones and nationwide installation initiatives on time and within scope  ? Presented weekly status to the retailers the overall status of the projects/program  ? Accelerated the realization of large scale IT infrastructure projects Education Bachelor of Science Loyola University - Chicago, IL Skills Visio, Pmbok, Cyber security, Sap, Edi, Deployment, Sharepoint, Security, Wireless, Sdlc, Program management, Aviation, Powerpoint, Telecommunication, Strong communication skills, Executive level, Process improvement, Customer Service, Outlook, Word, budget, Microsoft Project, Estimating Additional Information Areas of Expertise  ? Team Leader  ? Program Management  ? Cyber Security  ? Strong Communication Skills    ? SDLC  ? Process Improvement  ? New Technology Product Line Deployment    ? Executive Level Relationships  ? PMBOK  ? EDI    Industries  ? Aviation ? Telecommunication ? Wireless/Mobility    Technical Proficiencies  HP PPM, Cherwell, ServiceNow, Fieldglass, SAP, Microsoft Suite (SharePoint, Project, Visio, PowerPoint), ALM