Desktop Support Desktop Support San Jose, CA Systems engineer with 10 years of experience in IT support, administration, troubleshooting, managing technical, service operations seeking a role in Systems Administration or IT Support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Desktop Support Browns Valley Orchard December 2016 to Present Discovered solutions to help customers with your computers, analyzing software and hardware components  and gave the best solutions to the inconveniences around 20 workstations  ? Identified efficient upgrades to reduce vulnerabilities by 99%, analyzing the various inconveniences in the applications and generated suggestions for better operations Systems Support Analyst ATH - Bogotá, Cundinamarca March 2013 to September 2016 Colombia  ? Analyzed application inconsistencies of financial transactions for ~14 Million banking customers,  developing solutions and guidelines for the commercial expansion of the company  ? Analyzed system vulnerabilities and liaised with IT and business teams to eliminate vulnerabilities in support of internal and external audits for ~ 350 business offices  ? Discovered efficient upgrades to reduce vulnerabilities by 60%, analyzing the various inconveniences in the applications and generated documents suggesting upgrades for better operations IT Project Manager, Database CATEDRA SAS - Bogota, CO January 2012 to December 2012 Intensification Project (Company dedicated to researching, developing and innovating  technological, academic, pedagogical and didactic solutions that allow the transformation of education and new  practices that impact the quality of education) Bogota, Colombia  ? Managed a database intensification project and a coordination and bench-marking process for storing  information for ~330 Public high Schools in Bogota  ? Created a payroll system in accordance with budget requirements for ~1,400 teachers to ensure accurate and timely payments  ? Generated reports for over 50K high schools students to create betters updates made the application more  user friendly, resulting in more logins in and increased application rates Business IT Support Credivalores - Bogota, CO March 2011 to November 2011 Colombia  ? Organized post-implementation troubleshooting of the new applications and upgrades for ~2 Million  customers, helping to reduce client case resolutions by 50%  ? Developed solutions to various customer data shortcomings in the database and information application  integrations, helping to reduce data application incidents by 80%. Education BS in Systems Engineering Universidad Cooperativa de Colombia - Bogota, CO 2007 Skills Ado (2 years), Ado.net (2 years), C+ (2 years), Databases (4 years), Systems support (10+ years), Comptia (10+ years), Desktop Support (10+ years), Help Desk (10+ years), MAC (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Google IT Support July 2018 to Present Additional Information Key Skills  ? Programming (ADO.NET, Java, C++, Visual Basic)  ? Databases (SQL Server, Oracle)  ? Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Access, PowerPoint, and Outlook)  ? Systems Support (Hardware, Network, Software, Virtual Machines (VMWare and Hyper-V) and  Operative Systems)  ? Support, administration and Management (MS applications, Adobe applications, servers, Network  Devices, and workstations)