IT Acquisition Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Acquisition Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Acquisition Program Manager - National Air & Space Intelligence Center Kettering, OH To obtain a position as a Program Manager where my superb communication skills, federal acquisition regulation knowledge, project management experience, professional work experience, and extensive organizational development skills will allow me to excel as an employee of your company.  Accomplishments:  • NASIC Cat I Civilian Contributor of the Quarter, 1st Quarter 2017  • NASIC Cat I Civilian Contributor of the Quarter, 3rd Quarter 2016  • NASIC/SC Cat I Civilian Contributor of the Quarter, 1st Quarter 2017  • NASIC/SC Cat I Civilian Contributor of the Quarter, 3rd Quarter 2016  • NASIC Junior Force Council Representative, Communications and Information Directorate 2016-17  • Eagle Scout, July 12, 2006 (Bronze and Gold Palm Awards) Work Experience IT Acquisition Program Manager National Air & Space Intelligence Center - Wpafb, OH October 2018 to Present Supervisor: Mr. Fred Legge, 937-522-6040  • Serve as the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) for the NASIC IT Support Services (N-ITSS), MASINT IT, and RHEL contracts totaling 117 contractor personnel. Monitor contractor performance, competency, and task performance either directly or through Government Technical Monitors (GTM).  • Work in conjunction with contracting officers to complete technical evaluations of proposals for new task orders during contract negotiations and to change acquisition strategies, modify the scope of work for contracted support, and other contractual changes,  • Planned and directed the expansion of the N-ITSS IDIQ contract ceiling from $45.3M to $67.7M to meet growing IT requirements supporting NASIC's intelligence mission.  • Created and implemented acquisition strategy to combine all NASIC IT support requirements into a single contract vehicle that will be used for the next 10 years to procure support for NASIC. This strategy will enable stability and consistency for contracted support.  • Engage and lead working groups spanning several disciplines including engineering, IT support, intelligence analysis, budgeting, configuration management, and logistics to coordinate activities that impact center-wide operations.  • Develop and evaluate IT support program objectives, contractor support strategies, and acquisition strategies to meet NASIC's strategic objectives.  • Developed and implemented comprehensive strategy for contractor oversight and contract monitoring to ensure NASIC receives the maximum value of the IT support services contracts.  • Develop, implement, and modify controls for financial, technical, and contractual aspects of the IT support services program. IT Acquisition Manager National Air & Space Intelligence Center - Wpafb, OH April 2016 to October 2018 Supervisor: Mr. David Bignell, 937-656-2660  • Serve as the Contract Officer's Representative (COR) for all existing NASIC/SC service contracts serviced by NASIC/SCXP. Monitored contractor performance, competency, and task performance either directly or through Government Technical Monitors (GTM).  • Brought all SC service contracts into reporting compliance with AFLCMC/PZIT contracting office by establishing key performance metrics and a standardized evaluation template for each contract.  • Established key performance metrics in performance work statements (PWS) for existing service contracts to ensure the technical, financial, and contractual requirements for projects are met throughout the contract/acquisition life cycle.  • Responsible for processing 400+ IT acquisitions, totaling $20.9M, and contract documents for information technology hardware, software, and services.  • Served as NASIC/SC liaison with AFLCMC/PZIT contracting officers to promote efficient processing of NASIC's contracts. Enhanced working relationship with contracting officers resulting in NASIC's requirements being processed as a higher priority. Resulted in a 50% decrease in processing time (originally 60 days and now 30 days) for contract award.  • Perform market research and provide cost analysis in support of the National Air & Space Intelligence Center (NASIC) acquisitions; ensuring assessment of fair - opportunities for businesses in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation.  • Provide advice and guidance to NASIC production and support squadrons on acquisition strategies and methodologies.  • Consolidated annual contracts into base year with four option year contracts to reduce administrative overhead for NASIC/SCXP and allow for long term financial and support planning.  • Provide advice and assistance to the organization in complying with the Federal Acquisition Regulation when procuring products and services.  • Prepare, review, edit, and coordinate acquisition documents, such as justifications, statement of work, performance work statements, and contract security documents.  • Create and process acquisition packages through the Air Force financial management system, the Automated Business Services System (ABSS).  • Assist contracting officer in evaluating and resolving contractor programmatic performance to include cost and schedule.  • Manage the execution of purchase orders and product distribution based on operational requirements for assigned commodities and processes, ensuring accurate, and timely delivery.  • Manage risk and the development of risk mitigation strategies throughout the acquisition process.  • Regularly brief directorate level leadership on acquisition strategies, outcomes, and risk mitigation. Data Analyst Cincinnati Financial - Fairfield, OH September 2015 to April 2016 Hours worked: 40 hours per week Supervisor: Mrs. Anne Balfour 513-  • Led meetings with customers to understand reporting needs and analysis requirements.  • Generate routine and ad hoc reports based on business requests.  • Develop and validate displays, reports, and presentations of analysis results.  • Create statistical models to improve company operations and protocols.  • Collect and validate information from a variety of data sources.  • Interpret data and develop recommendations based on findings.  • Identify, analyze, and interpret trends of patterns in complex data sets.  • Document analysis for presentation and reporting purposes.  • Review and interpret statutory data requests and follow through with timely reporting.  • Help to ensure accuracy and consistency of business data across all sources. Office Automation/Computer Clerk Air Force Institute of Technology - Wpafb, OH May 2015 to August 2015 Hours worked: 40 hours per week Supervisor: Mr. James Altensee (retired)  • Used a variety of advanced functions of word processing software to create, format, modify, edit and print letters, reports, memos, and other textual documents.  • Reviews and processes correspondence, materials, publications, regulations and directives  • Assist higher grade specialists in performing regular job duties.  • Establishes, updates, and maintains office records that assist in the efficient operation of the office. Manufacturer Communications Project Manager Reynolds & Reynolds - Kettering, OH May 2012 to May 2015 • Supervise the installation, development, and support of new manufacturer communications applications and hardware.  • Prepared quarterly and annual program operating budgets including travel, distance learning, employee education, day-to-day operations, etc.  • Negotiated contracts with third party data management companies and vehicle manufacturers, in China, the United Kingdom, and Canada. Coordinated with third party companies, vehicle manufacturers and other business partners in the implementation of software upgrades and releases.  • Led seminars and training courses for employees and customers.  • Completing and implementing strategic plans for projects of varying complexity and length. Education M.P.A. in Public Administration Wright State University - Dayton, OH August 2015 B.A. in Political Science University of Dayton - Dayton, OH December 2011 Skills Data analysis, Budgets, Collection, Data collection, Microsoft access, Dod, Excellent written, Detail-oriented Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/le6cznvmec9wgwwn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills: -Experienced, highly motivated, and detail-oriented individual  -Proficient in using MS Suite for accurate, detailed, and efficient data analysis and reporting  -Highly experienced in data exploitation and analysis  -Excellent written and oral communication skills  -Experience researching AF/DoD acquisition regulations and operating procedures  - Project management  -Experience creating and evaluating program budgets  -Experience creating Microsoft Access databases and other efficiency/data collection tools