Sr. Software Configuration Manger/ Project Manager Sr. Software Configuration Manger/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Lockheed Martin Waldorf, MD Consulting Professional actively seeking a role to offer experience in Information Technology, Project Management, configuration management and business analysis to immediately and meaningfully impact company goals. Well versed within the Federal Government working with departmental budgets ranging from $20M - $100M, provided mentorship to 30 Project Management level personnel to align corporate strategy. Currently holds Secret security clearances from the Department of Defense. Work Experience Sr. Software Configuration Manger/ Project Manager Lockheed Martin - Aberdeen, MD September 2014 to Present Aberdeen, MD Sept. 2014 - Present  A global security and aerospace company that employs about 112,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems.  Software Configuration Manager  • Advise the CBT team in their software development to ensure software quality standards are met Conducted Physical Configuration Audits as required to ensure proper standards in software development and releases of all deployments for all of the SECOM command.  • Ensure all software and software updates received by ISB and released by SEC meet all release requirements using AWS system  • Develop and maintain an SOP for all tasks related to CM for ISB Develop, maintain, and coordinate the Data Management Plan for ISB.  • Conduct Functional Configuration Audits on software delivered to ISB to ensure that software delivered to ISB are properly documented, comply with SEC software standards, and are logistically sustainable.  • Coordinate distribution of ISB software releases to the field upon release authority.  • Maintain a log and repository of the SEC Process Improvement model and all software delivered and released to ISB.  • Develop, maintain, and execute the Configuration Management Plans for ISB software releases.  • Worked with the Developers and Engineers to ensure the that all of their scripts and patches were ready to deploy in AWS.  • Responsible for receiving all subcontractor deliverables that was housed in AWS and later move to Project Forge  • Currently studying Python through online classes.  • Maintained applications using QuickBase  • Developed Executive Dashboard for the stake holders on each project in the QuickBase system.  • Currently working on Milcloud projects with COMSEC command and the CIO G-6 command with I am responbilbe for the testing and gathering of the requestments for the projects and updating schedules along with tracking the risk and issue on the projects. Project Manager Document Systems Incorporated - Washington, DC May 2014 to August 2014 Washington, D.C. May. 2014 - Aug. 2014  Provides services and technology solutions that enable customers to gain control of mission critical data and enhance mission critical business processes.  Project Manager  • Served as point of contact within the Records Management Unit of the DC Government Children and Family Services (CFSA)  • Keep a repository of the archived records from the CFSA Records Unit into Kofax system and FileNet system; served as a source that Social Workers could use to access and record from the field  • Managed 25 technical professionals, recorded staffing projections and project budgets to ensure BAs and Technical staff finish key deliverables (i.e. file plan, taxonomy plan, conversion plan, etc.).  • Developed applications using QuickBase Project Oversight Manager XO Consultants - Washington, DC May 2013 to May 2014 Washington, D.C. May 2013 - May 2014  Service Disadvantaged small business, based from Washington, D.C. that currently employs over 15 personnel in contracts, engineering, and management consulting functions within the Federal Government.  Project Oversight Manager  • Provided management oversight and knowledge transfer within Veteran Administration's HRA/HCIP Strategic Management Group (SMG) PMO.  • Provided direct project management and acquisition planning activities as assigned for VA HCIP Projects and Initiatives within various HR&A Program Offices.  • Provided Project Management oversight for the Department of Defense and Veteran Affairs' Interagency Program Office (IPO) on interoperability of electronic health records.  • Provided requirements analysis & strategic planning to HRA office leading to refined initiatives that transform the VA.  • Developed congressional reports, process improvement targets and evaluates requirement alignment with acquisition strategies.  • Conducted financial audits, project analysis, requirements traceability, and risk management at the enterprise Level.  • Managed and coordinated critical requirements between Veteran Affairs and Department of Defense business lines to enable business owners and technical teams to capture processes. Instructor CCC Solutions - Washington, DC April 2012 to December 2013 • Conducted Microsoft and Adobe software classes for private companies and various federal agencies on a part time basis.  • Create dynamic website dashboards using Adobe Dreamweaver. Project Manager Addx Corporation - Alexandria, VA November 2012 to May 2013 Alexandria, VA Nov. 2012 - May 2013  VA Verified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, based from Alexandria, VA. that currently employs over 200 personnel in information and management science functions within the Federal Government.  Project Manager  • Oversaw 5 IT projects in Chief Information Officer (CIO) office at USPTO.  • Wrote and prepared Statement of Works (SOW) Management Plans, Communication Plans and Master Schedules.  • Partnered with IT Project Managers to ensure projects were completed by schedules, project estimates, resources, tasks, deliverables and budget.  • Developed varies applications in Quickbase and also maintained systems using Quickbase.  • Worked on several VOE projects for the CIO's office starting from ccradle to grave. Temp Karder Corporation - Alexandria, VA May 2012 to November 2012 Quickbase Developer/ Project Manager  • Developed comprehensive reports and dashboards using Quickbase for the United States Army CIO to track the data center and applications.  • Prepared business rules for every live dashboard implementation.  • Wrote detailed requirements for software development.  • Conducted the forecasting for the data centers for Conus every quarter.  Key Accomplishments:  • Prepared executive budget dashboard this was a live dashboard located in each division of the Army. IT Network Business Analyst (Configuration Manager) NETAMERICA - Falls Church, VA May 2010 to March 2012 • Design, troubleshoot, analyze, and implement network architecture to meet client requirements; leverage resources from different teams, and develop/monitor technical documentation.  • Create Remedy project record, update progress of site installations, and track Visionael problems; coordinate with Helpdesk and interface with customers and Engineering Group.  • Reviewed output reports from Configuration Management (CM) audit tools.  • Assisted with software coding using Java and tested software products prior to launch; monitored / oversaw / resolved technical issues.  • Conduct and prepare Configuration Management Plans and coordinate and control the configuration management for all software and documents developed for codes and UNIX scripts.  • Research/analyze significant, complex network issues that require evaluation of intangible features; resolve challenging data or voice network and hardware problems.  • Collaborate with key IT personnel and customers to coordinate and guide network architecture support initiatives; track infrastructure data and identify DoD expectations with Visionael Studio GUI.  • Developed applications and tracked data center inventory using QuickBase. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems University of Maryland, College Park - College Park, MD Project Management University of Phoenix Education Georgetown University Additional Information SKILLS  HTML, SharePoint 2013, Java Beans, UNIX, SCRUM, QuickBooks, Agile, Linux, Microsoft Office (Outlook, Entourage, Publisher, Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio), Java, PeopleSoft 7.5/8.0, and Adobe Photoshop Quickbase.