Business Analyst Business Analyst Business Analyst Project Manager New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst UBS Financial Service - Jersey City, NJ August 2019 to Present Freelance BNY Mellon March 2017 to Present Freelance Consultant  Providing business analysis support to organizations looking to build or enhance present IT structure to improve internal and external procedures such as reporting, payments, etc. Business Analyst Enterprise BNY Mellon/Pershing - Jersey City, NJ February 2018 to January 2019 by providing analysis support to mid-level to large projects using the NetX suite or in-house applications  ? Responsible for eliciting business requirements from business users and subject matter experts, define and document requirements, write functional specifications, and perform business process design in conjunction with operations team.  ? Serve as liaison between the internal/external business community and the IT organization in order to provide technical solutions to meet user needs.  ? Lead requirements validation and traceability analysis, manage scope and requirements throughout the project lifecycle and translates business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organization.  ? Worked with external vendor Financial National Information Services (FIS) to elicit requirements needed to retrieve and send account data to carry out projects that required client statement customization  ? Worked with front and middle office teams to identify non-exempt borrower firm accounts are monitored and stipulated charges under the US Regulation T, FINRA 15c-3 and 4210 requirements Business Analysis / Project Management JP Morgan Chase Asset Management - New York, NY April 2013 to March 2017 Worked within Asset Management Risk Technology division to build out global risk reporting tool "AM Exceptions Risk Report" for Global Wealth Management (GWM) and Global Investment Management (GIM) portfolio managers to better monitor risk exposure within AM by improving reporting traceability, payments, and accountability.The digital reporting tool function as a subset to the Asset Management larger dashboard project. As the business analyst, I worked alongside senior project managers to ensure the digital reporting tool feed into the planned which involved checking data and fields from the application fed to the QlikView dashboard.    ? Project involved collaborating with the business stakeholder to push efforts to standardize approval reporting process within Global Investment Banking and Wealth Management teams by identifying inconsistent practices used by end users through data mapping and workflow documentation  ? Work with Risk Tech developers (8 persons) with organizing the application build time, setting up QA/UAT, and user interface designs to implement an in-house built risk reporting tool on PEGA Systems platform  ? Provided manual test support in QA and assisted with preparing test scripts for regression test in Selenium  ? Supported UAT cycle by tracking any defects reported by the testers  ? Coordinated with downstream applications to setup connection to the reporting application to automate transactions for Private Bank division to directly reconcile with SAP, OMNI and DDA accounting systems eliminating manual entry from journal team  ? Utilize the agile methodology on JIRA software to collect business requirements, manage change requests, and organize monthly sprint releases increasing team's productivity  ? Prepared business requirement documents (BRD) for stakeholders and upper management review to manage expectation on application functionality, build, and test plan  ? Written business requirement documents which include procedures for data governance such as how the data will be stored, procedures take place in an event system experience downtime, user entitlements to the system and data archive  ? Leverage excel pivot table to analyze data held maintained in database to help assist business stakeholders to decided fields to maintain or remove from data migration  ? Provided project management services with negotiating schedule deliverables among the technology teams  ? Work with senior project manager to strategize best method to use IT developers skills to meet the business needs and deliver product in a timely manner Consultant FDM Group - New York, NY October 2010 to October 2014 Worked on-site with clients to perform business analysis functions including stakeholder analysis, GAP analysis, and developing strategic solutions  ? Assisted FDM Account Management Department with investigating application to improve prospecting strategies such as Salesforce  ? Utilize Salesforce to assist account managers with prospecting new clients by identifying the market needs by collecting data from the FDM Academy candidate pool to evaluate current technologies clients seek and advise the academic department areas where training is needed  ? Provided administrative duties to the Academy and Sales team by monitoring internal trainees including tracking internal trainees timesheets and verifying references, prepared documentation for seminars and exam registration. Junior IT Project Manager Credit Suisse - New York, NY July 2012 to January 2013 Operated as junior IT project manager for the Client Reference Data team with assisting with overseeing the project involved enriching database in compliance to the requirements set by the organization and federal regulators.  Act at the point of contact in the NY office with senior IT project manager to collect, negotiate and distribute requirements to Client Reference Data IT teams for preparation global decommission databases containing client reference data  ? Worked with IT business analyst to carry out governance and data management such as data mapping on extract sent by the business to identify invalid/NULL data fields, determine fields to be used as unique identifiers for Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) application, and find the appropriate custodians and data managers to decide how the data will be managed in the new system    ? Worked with project managers to review and negotiate terms on business requirement documents (BRD), functional requirement document (FRD), and functional specification documents (FSD) to ensure data mapping presented by the business contained no inconsistencies to prevent bad data migrating to new database  ? Maintained weekly go-live/runbooks for IT development team detailing migration deployment from client database to temporary database impacting over 100+ users  ? Prepared and distributed bi-weekly project status reports for CS Ref Data department to upper management and senior program managers  ? Carried out workshops training CS Ref Data project managers and business analysts to use in-house SharePoint application to track project deliverables on SharePoint  ? Performed database analysis to troubleshoot data queries presented by downstream users Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Suffolk University - Boston, MA 2009 Skills Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, Maintenance, Excel, testing, SQL Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present Assessments Intermediate Spreadsheet Proficiency with Microsoft Excel — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Excel techniques including effectively writing and applying conditional formulas. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ill7tgzrxtnm9g3f Critical Thinking Skills — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qlbln2n02mzjl5sl Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vflrfd5ba54eez6d Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills    Excel/Access Macros Test Scripts QA / UAT Support  ITIL documentation BRD/FRD/FSD Customer Service  Basic VBA/SQL Troubleshooting Report Preparation