Contract Senior IT Project Manager - Bedroc Contract Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Bedroc Contract Senior IT Project Manager - Bedroc Gallatin, TN Work Experience Contract Senior IT Project Manager - Bedroc CHANGE HEALTHCARE - Nashville, TN August 2018 to June 2019 Senior Project Manager for global network infrastructures  * Completed in scope and on time  Key Contributions  • Managed international migration of network infrastructure associated with the simultaneous divestiture of McKesson assets and acquisition by Change Healthcare.  • Managed multiple telecom and service vendors (ATT, Centurylink, Granite, Sakon, Tangoe)  • Managed multiple resources in both McKesson and Change Healthcare.  • Managed circuit turn up, disconnects, transfers and decommissioning. Contract Senior IT Project Manager - Apex MCKESSON SPECIALTY HEALTH - Dallas, TX April 2018 to July 2018 Remote Project Management of Dispensing Solution for Acute Care Cancer Center projects.  * Completed in scope and on time  Key Contributions  • Remotely managed implementation of system into diverse Acute Care Clinical environments.  • Successfully implemented several facilities in parallel. Contract Senior IT Project Manager for Integration HEALTHTRUST - Nashville, TN August 2016 to April 2018 - Robert Half  * Project Management and Process Improvement for Integration and Interface projects.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Managed Integration of supply chain for a major national healthcare company.  • Performed complete process analysis including WBS, design and implementation.  • Implemented a blended Agile/Waterfall work process.  • Managed Implementation of Interfaces including multiple programming and interface resources.  • Completed all documentation for handoff to operational resources. Contract Senior IT Project / Program Manager - Provisions Group COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS - Nashville, TN August 2015 to May 2016 * Managed nationwide timekeeping conversion and implementation.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Implemented Workforce Central into multiple locations across The United States.  • Completed all assigned site implementations.    (615) 498-6936 ? WadeBurt@Hendersonville.net    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ~~~~~~) Contract Senior Healthcare IT Project Manager - Provisions Group SURGERY PARTNERS/GREAT FALLS CLINIC - Nashville, TN May 2015 to August 2015 Nashville, Tn/Great Falls, MT May 2015 to August 2015  Contract Senior Healthcare IT Project Manager - Provisions Group  * Managed the Athena EMR implementation for this multi specialty physician practice.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Implemented Athena EMR including interfaces to all clinical and financial systems.  • Managed thirty fulltime and six contract resources Contract Senior Healthcare IT Program Manager - Provisions Group ARDENT HEALTHCARE - Nashville, TN October 2014 to May 2015 * Managed the upgrade of over five thousand Windows XP desktops to Windows 7, resolving key infrastructure issues, which included the design and architecture of a new Active Directory.  * Managed and mentored a team of three Project Managers, as well as fifty five contract resources based at three locations (Nashville, Tulsa, and Albuquerque).  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Managed the upgrade of in excess of five thousand Windows XP desktops to Windows 7. Fulltime IT Director CAREALL MANAGEMENT LLC - Nashville, TN October 2013 to October 2014 * Directed a full replacement of the organization's enterprise technologies including data center, all infrastructure, applications and peripherals in preparation for divestiture.  * Managed all phases of project implementations, which included budget, resource loading, vendor relationships, risk assessment, and issues management.  * Managed the creation of enterprise technical support and a 24x7 Help Desk. Recruited and managed a team of five IT professionals.  Key Contributions  • Spearheaded the redesign and launch of the onsite data center consisting of network and server hardware, infrastructure cabling, and environmental systems.  • Streamlined and converted back end systems including financial, laboratory and interfacing to HAS Practice Management Solution.  • Implemented SAAS Based EMR in all locations.  • Grew capacity from two to five hundred employed resources, and achieved point-to-point connectivity amongst thirty locations using a blend of connections. Contract Senior IT Project Manager - Provisions Group HEALTH MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES - Naples, FL March 2013 to October 2013 * Managed the upgrade of Data Center operations to a High Availability Data Center.  * Managed the full lifecycle of strategic projects, consisting of oversight of budget, resource loading, risk assessment, and issues management.  Key Contributions  * Managed upgrade of Data Center, migration of more than one hundred clinical applications. Contract Senior Consulting Project Manager CATHOLIC HEALTH INITIATIVES - Denver, CO October 2012 to March 2013 - Apex  * Managed the Allscripts AEHR Data Conversions in preparation for Allscripts implementation.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Technical project management of Allscripts implementation.  (615) 498-6936 ? WadeBurt@Hendersonville.net  * PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE ~~~~~~) Contract and Fulltime Manager of Physician Technology - COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS - Nashville, TN November 2011 to October 2012 * Initially Contract Senior Project Manager for Core Infrastructure and Supporting Systems for the Allscripts AMR Deployment Project. Retained post-contract as Manager of Physician Technology.  * Managed a staff of twenty eight technology professionals.  * Indirectly managed a staff of fifty five Citrix Engineers, Allscripts and Athena Application Engineers, Project Managers, Builders, Trainers, Testers, and Quality Management Analysts.  Key Contributions  • Provided ongoing real time reporting and statusing to VP and C-Level Executive staff each day.  • Managed ongoing implementation of clinical solutions.  • Served on the Impact Committee, Change Control Board, and other internal groups. Contract Project Manager - Software Upgrades - Apex MCKESSON PROVIDER SYSTEMS - Alpharetta, GA April 2011 to November 2011 * Managed multiple hospital upgrades to the latest MU certified versions of operational software.  * Facilitated several facility engagements while managing the full lifecycle of critical projects.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  * Recognized for enhancing overall workflow and processes related to the upgrade process. Contract Technical Project Manager (IEPM) COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS - Nashville, TN April 2010 to March 2011 - Wesley Medical Center - Insight Global  * Managed all technology infrastructure elements of the multi-hospital upgrade to the McKesson suite of applications.  * Provided the executive team daily status an reporting as needed.  * Provided Division Vice Presidents a weekly project status and updates.  * Completed in scope and on time.  Key Contributions  • Managed the full refresh and upgrade of existing desktop, server, and network infrastructure.  EARLIER CAREER Education Bachelor of Science degree in Information Systems Management Western Governors University Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Project+ June 2018 to Present