Business Analyst Business Analyst Business Analyst - Phase2 Technology LLC • Over 8 years of professional IT experience, in business and systems analysis, design, development, testing, implementation.  • Extensive experience working in diverse business and technical environments, including but not limited to, Insurance, Banking, Telecom, Pharma & Retail.  • Excellent Experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Waterfall, Spiral, and Scrum/Agile, Rational Unified Processing (RUP), Unified Modeling Language (UML), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and QA Methodologies.  • Experience in analyzing quantitative & qualitative business data to develop business requirement documentation (BRD) & functional specification.  • Hands-on experience working with multidisciplinary Teams of developers and Designers.  • Experience working with agile teams and running close to 100 sprints for offshore and in-house teams.  • Over 3 years of expertise in Project Management tasks by Preparing Integration, Scope, Timelines, Cost, Quality, Human Resource, Communication, Risks and Stake Holder Documents.  • Experience as a Data Analyst in understanding & collecting customer requirement, Analyzing & reporting.  • Proficient in SQL Queries, Stored Procedures and PL/SQL programs for Data Analysis purpose and data mining.  • Experience in Infrastructure Operation management, understanding ITIL based operation including Incident, change, problem management.  • Experience in Creating reports & presentation for customer/Management review using Excel charts, Pivot table & MS-Power point.  • Experience as a technical consultant in Windows migration, virtualization programs, and Software package deployments.  • Understanding of Quality functions & audit reviews as part of quality management. Work Experience Business Analyst Phase2 Technology LLC - Portland, OR November 2018 to Present Develop a centralized platform to monitor & manage all the software configuration of users in an organization. The platform enables the IT team to set standard policies across the organization & control software & user rights. The tool will also allow the end users to request new software to be installed & remote deployment from central software repository.  Responsibilities:  • Understanding Customer challenges & capture requirement of the project.  • Participated in detail discussion with customer during initial phase of requirement gathering & due diligence.  • Developed software requirement specification (SRS), (BRS) business requirement specification, (FRD) functional requirement document, use cases, flow charts, unified data model (UML) for the project.  • Key contributor in creating the Project initiation document specifying the project objectives & success factors.  • Liaison manager between development teams & customer during the project execution lifecycle.  • Active participation within SCRUM team to define user stories, check points etc.  • Conducted review meetings with customer & generated status report.  Environment: MS Office, PowerBI, Ms Visio, JIRA, Agile Associate Project Manager Ion Eight Technologies Ltd May 2016 to September 2018 Project scope was to develop an Inventory platform for the retail customers. The product had complete end to end inventory management integrated within starting from Check-in till check-out. The platform had features for both inventory managers as well as store keepers to order & track the shipment.    Responsibilities:  • Requirement analysis and Stakeholder analysis  • Ticket management- managing the team for customer support. Daily assignment of work through tickets & generate daily reports for inflow/outflow. Review the status of customer issues & address accordingly.  • Implementation Tracking - For new implementation project, created Work break-down structure, planning & tracking the progress.  • Email-Customer Communication was the main task of the day. If any review meetings or queries or any updates were pending from either end, I used to follow the same.  • Preparing deliverables- Having review with stakeholders before submitting the daily deliverables.    Environment: JIRA, MS Office, MS Visio, Power BI, Service Now Associate IT Consultant ITC InfoTech - IN August 2011 to April 2014 Client: Morgan Stanley, USA  The goal of this project is to share UL's engineering knowledge about products and the standards used in services to UL's customers by developing a single source for information about products, their constructions, and services that UL has completed. In addition, this information platform has capability to help with Engineering Assessments, in both gathering data about the evaluations, and in providing guidance on compliance.  Responsibilities:    • Build and led the delivery team to manage day-to-day assignment of work and tracking the progress  • Responsible for tracking & reporting monthly SLA & KPI's and improve productivity  • Conducted review meetings with internal and external stakeholders.  • Experienced in assigning tasks and analyzing the efforts of team members by maintaining data using Excel and building dashboards/reports on a periodic and on demand basis for the higher management  • Driving the improvement initiatives to improve team's productivity to overachieve the SLA goals  • Part of core team to build & test the migration solutions for Windows XP to Windows 7 migration  • Participated in quality audits to present all project artifacts and implemented improvement actions.    Environment: Wise package Studio, Install Shield (Admin Studio), Microsoft App V 5.0, Windows SCCM 2007, Powershell, VB script, MS Office, SharePoint, Power BI Software Engineer Wipro Ltd October 2007 to July 2011 Responsibilities:  • Windows Migration consultant, Quality Analyst, Onsite-coordinator  • Deep knowledge in windows operating system & application packaging process, tools & methodologies.  • Acted as a liaison between project Team and the Customer to carry out end-to-end project activities that included business requirement gathering from the customer, organizing the data requirement and handover to team for completion of the tasks, UAT.  • Experience in gathering business requirement, based on customer feedback & input which is used to process & generate new requirements for additional growth.  • Conducted Gap analysis to bring in new changes and methodologies.  • Possess exceptional problem solving, decision making, good verbal and written communication skills.  • Application Remediation and SCCM Deployment.  • Hands on experience in various tools and technologies  ? Wise Package Studio  ? Microsoft App-V, SCCM  • Building, testing & deploying application packages as per the quality standards  • Troubleshooting to resolve production issues post deployment  • Power shell and VB scripting to automate the task of deployment & error fixing. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communication in Punjab Punjab Technical University August 2007 Skills Ms office, .net, C++, Html, Visio, Jira, Database, Ms access, Ms sql server, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Rdbms, Asp, Css, Sharepoint, Java, Excel, Word, Ms visio, Powerpoint, Microsoft Office, testing, Business Intelligence, access