Systems Administrator / IT Specialist Systems Administrator / <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Systems Administrator, Microsoft Professional, and Consultant Conroe, TX Windows & Mac OS X Administration – Enterprise Application Support  Extremely proficient with Service Now and other ticketing systems  Outstanding customer service skills. Exceptional focus and attention to details Work Experience Systems Administrator / IT Specialist Prairie View A&M University, CAG - Prairie View, TX May 2018 to Present Active Directory - Users & Groups, AD Manager Plus, and ADAuditPlus. Quest Kace K1000 and K2000 Administrator     • Manage network servers and technology tools and set up accounts and workstations  • Monitor performance and maintain systems according to requirements & troubleshoot issues and outages  • Ensure security through access controls, backups and firewalls & upgrade systems with new releases and models  • Develop expertise to train staff on new technologies & build  technical documentation, manuals, and IT policies  • Install and configure software and hardware according to SOP and also manage Filewave Server. Independent Computer Technician Self Employed - Conroe, TX April 2017 to Present Provide small and medium businesses PCs, Laptops, network maintenance, and security services. Diagnose, fix, replace and upgrade computers in the shop for customers. Provide remote support for business contract customers. Emergency computer work was done 24/7. Maintain, and remain knowledgeable of the latest technological advancements, as well as develop and integrate quality control processes, continually meeting business objectives. IT Project Manager Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, TX December 2016 to April 2017 Perform project coordination as well as project analysis, documentation, planning, risk analysis, budgeting, and analyze user requirements, procedures, and needs to ensure compliant, on-time and on-budget project success. Ensuring University practices comply with all policy and regulatory guidelines.    ? Manages, develops, oversees, and evaluates projects utilizing the project management methodologies defined.  ? Facilitate the initiation, authorization and commitment of projects, and help demonstrate business need and project feasibility.  ? Develop project budgets, schedules, work plans, resources requirements, risk assessments, cost estimates and projections.  ? Monitors and manages project costs to ensure project is completed within budget, and deliverables are acceptable.  ? Compiles and distributes project information, project status reports, and project budget expenditures. IT Technician Level II Sam Houston State University - Huntsville, TX August 2015 to November 2016 Windows Laptop, Mac, Print Server Administration and DNS. Node creation & Security group assignment in Active Directory. Perform software updates and upgrades on imaging Servers for multiple Operating Systems. Create nodes and server records in Active Directory and DNS for new or replacement computer-related equipment.  ? Hardware and software support Installing new, replacing/upgrading computers, printers, software, and peripheral devices.  ? Pro-actively prioritized and assigned tickets.  ? Escalated issues and reported unassigned tickets.  ? Verified node and IP information accuracy  ? Verified assets ownership and location Computer Technician Independent Contractor Parker's PC - Montgomery, TX March 2014 to August 2015 Provide home and business PC, laptop, network maintenance and security services. Diagnose, fix, replace and upgrade computers in the shop for customers. Provide remote support for business contract customers. Emergency computer work done 24/7. Maintain, and remain knowledgeable of the latest technological advancements, as well as develop and integrate quality control processes, continually meeting business objectives and resulting in the highest levels of client satisfaction.  ? Diagnosed, fixed, replaced and upgraded computers  ?Provided Network maintenance and security services IT Services/ Corporate Communications Internship Hormel Foods Corp - Austin, MN September 2013 to March 2014 Education Bachelor's in Information Technology in Applied Technology Kaplan University - Mason City, IA 2014 Associates Degree in Network Security in Network Security Riverland Community College - Austin, MN 2011 Skills Active directory, Security, Lan/wan, Remote access, Vmware, Change management, Deployment, Hyper-v, Maintenance, Relationship management, Lan, Training, System Administrator, System Admin Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified June 2009 to Present Microsoft System Administrator June 2011 to Present Microsoft System Engineer June 2010 to Present Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) June 2010 to Present Additional Information Core Competencies    • Server Deployment and Mgmt. • VMware and Hyper-V • Trouble Shooting & Resolutions  • Active Directory • Network designs and Configuration • Client Relationship Management  • Technical Change Management • Client Server Management • Training & Support Planning  • Installations & Security • Remote access & maintenance • LAN/WAN configurations