Audit Project Manager Audit <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Technical Project Manager Pittsburgh, PA Work Experience Audit Project Manager Aetna May 2019 to Present IT Technical Project Manager February 2016 to February 2019 Net Health, PGH, PA  ? Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.  ? Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.  ? Responsible for project coordination of Data Center migration from Nashville data center to Pittsburgh based data center that affected 250+ customers. Worked with Client Services, Interface and IT Teams to coordinate migration. Built documentation and training to prepare end users for switch from Remote Desktop Services to Citrix for application hosting. Supported customers post migration to ensure proper adaptation to the Citrix environment.  ? Managed sunsetting of customer VPN tunnels of entire 3000+ customer base on 4 legacy firewall devices. Moved customers to Palo Alto/Fortigate devices, through planning and scheduling with networking resources. Provided tier 1 & 2 technical support for Interface team as well as customer technical resources to mitigate tickets and issue volume for networking resources.  ? Migrated Sharepoint from Sharepoint SBS 2011 to Office 365 Sharepoint. Met with stakeholders to ensure process, files and layout were to specification. Facilitated migration, planning and design.  ? Implemented and managed Skype for Business as a hosted solution to replace Avaya Phone system. Provided Tier 1 & 2 support during implementation, as well as setting up training program for users moving to Skype for Business. Provided tier 1 & 2 Avaya support during decommission.  ? Supported projects upgrading/implementing end user machines including BeyondTrust, Skype for Business, Slack, Windows 10 Upgrades, and Symantec upgrades. Sampled machines to ensure best process for upgrades was put into production, oversaw and scheduled upgrades with end users across all members of the team.  ? Managed project to implement new edge of internet Palo Alto devices within the data center. Budgeting, quoting and approval of devices. Met with vendor to support the technical design of the end product of implementation. Supported networking team through implementation and cutover.  ? Managed project to implement new core switch stack within the primary data center. Budgeting, quoting and approval of devices. Met with vendor to support the technical design of the end product of implementation. Supported networking team through implementation and cutover.  ? Implemented change management process for IT team. Facilitated CAB meetings, scheduled all downtime and implementations. Oversaw and validated all changes were completed, including test plans and remediation planning. IT Project Manager/Support Technician ModCloth, PGH, PA May 2013 to February 2016 Managed Major IT Projects, including office moves, fulfillment center and office expansions, and software migrations/implementations  ? Acted as the central point of contact between IT, Experience, Facilities and other teams throughout the organization.  ? Organized, planned forecasted, and budgeted funding allocations for IT business needs.  ? Managed IT vendor relationships, support contracts, and service level agreements.  ? Created Change control management process for IT that affected day to day operations.  ? Managed IT Self Service portal for all support organizations, which included user-friendly documentation for all support systems.  ? Created IT data retention policies with collaboration from Legal and Human Resources.  ? Ensured Pricing for IT Supplies were competitive, facilitated all IT purchasing, invoice approvals, budgetary tracking, and receipt backup.  ? Coordinated all team meetings and drove all resource allocation decisions.  ? Responsible for supporting: Windows/XP/7/8.1, Active Directory, Centrify, Mac OSX, Android, iOS, Symantec, Acronis, Microsoft Office, Google Apps for Work, PC/Mac hardware.  ? Diagnose and provide tier 1 & 2 remote and onsite support for application, desktop and network issues for all offices.  ? Provided tier 1 & 2 support for ShorTel phone system in call center.  ? Maintained records of hardware and software issues using ticketing in Zendesk. Education Masters in Cyber Security in Cyber Law and Research Virginia College March 2018 B.A. in Accounting Robert Morris University March 2011 Skills PROJECT LIFECYCLE, CISCO, MIGRATIONS, ROLLOUT, REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS, BUDGETING, PROJECT SCHEDULING, PROBLEM SOLVING, SCHEDULING, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, CLIENT RELATIONS, TEAM BUILDING, MENTORING, QA Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kayladurbin