Enterprise Architecture and Governance Analyst Enterprise Architecture and Governance Analyst PM seeking a new position. Available now. Driven, Action-Oriented, Insightful, Problem Solver. Woodstock, IL I am driven, action-oriented, insightful, and a seasoned problem solver. Some of my qualities are that I am adaptable to change, take initiative, establish focus, create visionary, carefully step through the problem, and provide insight to problems by asking inquisitive questions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Enterprise Architecture and Governance Analyst Synchrony Financial - Chicago, IL August 2017 to September 2017 Contract  Originally part of GE Capital, Synchrony Financial is the largest U.S. private label credit card, providing private label card services for such brands as: Amazon, Walmart, Lowe's, Gap, BP, and J.C. Penny.  • Managed the daily operations of governance, risk assessment and reduction, compliance of technology and suppliers, the Technology Portfolio, several SharePoint pages, and metrics and reporting for Enterprise Architecture.  • Performed project management / agile duties for a small website development project called "Top Technologies". Such duties included managing the cross-functional team, taking notes, keeping track of features, tasks, and performing UAT of those tasks and features, drafted content, and gathered feedback.  • Led data management activities on the Technology Portfolio by examining over 1700 entries and interviewing all internal  software managers and stakeholders. I completed Synchrony's self-identified business issue, which had been open for two years in six months. This resulted in increasing the accuracy and usability of the Portfolio which impacted software requests, software governance, strategic decisions, and reducing the technology risk footprint.  • Created and managed SharePoint pages and applications to increase knowledge sharing, risk reduction, and increased cooperation with staff in managing technology within the IT organization.  • Created numerous cross-functional process maps and and communication plans, led various educational efforts around the Technology Portfolio, and developed business cases to save time and money with technology asset management. IT Supplier Relationship Manager McDonald's Corporation June 2016 to March 2017 One of the world's largest restaurant chains, serving approximately 68 million customers daily in 120 countries across 37,000 outlets  • Led and managed IT Digital relationships between vendors including: Adobe, HCL, and Sapient Nitro. Goal was to hold vendors accountable and keep them engaged on improving the relationship by limiting issues that could/have overflow into day-to-day activities.  • Led and organized two business reviews between McD's and Suppliers, which led to greater satisfaction with the relationship and resolved numbers of issues due to misalignment of priories and breakdown in communication.  • Vendor managed a difficult under-performing supplier by creating accountability, performing follow-ups, and increasing involvement which lead to increased satisfaction of 6%. IT Vendor Manager/Procurement Manager The Warranty Group March 2016 to June 2016 One of the world's premier global providers of warranty solutions and related benefits, with operations in more than 35 countries and nearly 1,700 employees  • Brought in to build a best-in-class vendor management/procurement system. Assessed previous state, current state, and future state. Worked with such companies as BMC, Insight, Bravo, and LANDesk.  • Lead a contract renewal on a managed print services contract by taking that opportunity to consolidate of hundreds of desktop printers to copy centers which resulted in substantial savings in time, materials, and maintenance and increased  productivity.  • Created and lead an initiative to save money and time by converting as many suppliers from doing payments by checks to ACH, which saved several thousands of dollars. IT Project Manager Motorola Mobility March 2015 to November 2015 Consumer electronics and telecommunications company, focusing on manufactures smartphones and other mobile devices.  • Managed various procurement projects due to merger activities. Followed up and monitored task progress to ensure  efficiency. Worked with such companies as: TATA, Akamai, Symantec, and Oracle.  • Organized and lead contract merger activities of 15-20 projects concurrently to ensure projects did not remain idle by following up and through on tasks, which resulted in considerable savings of $500k or more annually.  • Initiated and launched a centralized rate card website which resulted in increased accountability of suppliers and savings by being able to quickly check established rates. IT Project Manager - Sourcing Discover Financial Services October 2014 to January 2015 Third largest credit card brand in the US with nearly 50 million cardholders - issues the Discover Card and operates the Discover and Pulse networks  • Led small IT procurement projects. Worked with such companies like HP, Lenovo, Cisco, Oracle, and Dell.  • Lead a few small procurement projects by offering different hardware options to meet the specifications for an information security project, which saved 20% and obtained 25% more performance. IT Sourcing - Lead Consultant Allstate Insurance June 2014 to October 2014 Second largest personal lines insurer in the United States with over 43,000 employees  • Led and managed various IT procurement and sourcing activities in the professional services category. Worked with such companies as IBM, Crowdstrike, Booz Allen Hamilton, Accenture, Red Hat, and Forsythe.  • Lead and coordinated an information security contract negotiation by working with the said supplier and Allstate internal stakeholders to obtain agreement on contractual terms and conditions. IT Procurement Administrator State of Illinois Housing Development Authority ("IHDA") 2012 to 2014 IHDA is a state agency that helps people with modest means find a way to purchase a home for their family  • Led a newly formed IT procurement department. Worked closely with IBM, Dell, Cisco, Microsoft, and Oracle.  • Led sourcing and procurement efforts by writing the RFP and gathering specifications on a virtualization project and ERP  project which led to reduction in risk, increased in productivity, and numerous cost savings.  • Provided contract management services for various projects and implementations of software and systems for projects up to  $1 MIL. Procurement Coordinator Northwestern Indiana Regional Planning Commission ("NIRPC") - Northwest, Indiana, US August 2007 to December 2012 • Led and managed the procurement project needs of NIRPC and other transportation stakeholders.  • Led and managed all activities related to the roll-out of a mobile commuter bus ticketing system and upgrading an analog radio system to digital for instant tracking of buses, which lead to increased ticket sales and increased on-time performance.  • Executed, negotiated, and managed the sourcing and various parts of project for nearly 80 projects with average project cost in the $200K range. Education MBA in Business Administration Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN Skills PROBLEM SOLVING, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Maintenance Links http://linkedin.com/in/david-gutowsky Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2016 to March 2019 Additional Information Core Competencies  • Initiative • Insightful • Problem Solving • Strong Presence  • Adapting to change • Strategic thinking • Follow-up & Resolution • Communicating effectively  • Establishing focus • Thoroughness • Cooperation • Negotiation