ACO Integration Analyst / IT Project Manager ACO Integration Analyst /<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> ACO Integration Analyst / IT Project Manager - Caravan Health Austin, TX Work Experience ACO Integration Analyst / IT Project Manager Caravan Health December 2017 to Present Manage interfaces for 40 accounts by setting up status meetings and weekly tracking of work  list items to ensure schedules are met  ? Gather and update project materials, project documentation, business flows, and lessons  learned documents  ? Gain knowledge of the Population Health Data Warehouse from the front-end system and back  end SQL environment  ? Ran basic MSSQL queries on interface database: select distinct, update, insert, inner joins, etc  ? Analyze data issues and provide recommendations for clients to ensure quality measure score  increases by 50%  ? Provide coaching and workflow improvement opportunities during monthly Quality  Optimization presentations with clients  ? Worked with testing team to develop performance test plans and cases for Lightbeam  (Population Health Application)  ? Analyze root causes of clinical data issues and provide corrective actions.  ? Create & manage project plans in Smartsheets  ? Conduct monthly Quality Optimization presentations with clients to ensure they are on track  with their Quality Measures scores in the population health management system, Lightbeam Integration Analyst/ IT Project Manager TCPI April 2016 to December 2017 Worked directly with 100 participants to educate them on the IT needs for CMS program  requirements  ? Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to participants  IT needs  ? Planed, managed and overseen integration-only projects by ensuring adherence to project  management methodologies  ? Served as IT liaison between Data Warehouse, participants, and EHR vendors  ? Participate in cross-functional workgroups as the primary integration analyst for onboarding  TCPI program accounts into the data collection and validation process. Work with internal  stakeholders as well as data warehouse vendor, Lightbeam to successfully integrate clinical data  feeds into production  ? Obtained regular updates from participants progress, document and track interactions in CRM  system, Zoho  ? Communicate details of the project to technical teams from beginning to end of all projects  ? Perform Quality Assurance "QA" of data in EHR and Data Warehouse to ensure incoming data  feed was coming accurately in the front-end of the application  ? Developed workflow procedures related to interface management in Bizagi Assistant Account Manager Contractor Wunderman Production January 2016 to March 2016 Planning, analyzing, and evaluating information and agency output relevant to assigned client  projects and needs  ? Coordinating and managing activities in a timely manner  ? Reviewing material relative to client needs  ? Balances the importance of an activity versus the constraints that serve to prevent it from occurring  ? Maintains communications with appropriate agency and client personnel to ensure that  assigned work is handled in a positive, timely and efficient manner Project Manager Intern Your Doctors Program October 2015 to October 2015 Tested and deployed a user-friendly EHR system in a physician's clinic and provided training  materials for end users  ? Created patient education guidelines through 15 workflow diagrams and corresponding  checklists  ? Developed new employee handbook and policies, administrative policy manual, and security  protocols with cross-functional team  ? Evaluated clinical workflows gaps and recommended EHR enhancements to improve provider  efficiency and patient safety  ? Collaborated with end users to understand the workflow and its interdependencies and make  corrective adjustments or enhancements. Student Technician The University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX May 2014 to August 2015 Mentored new part---time student consultants by performing a high quality and consistent call  shadowing experiences  ? Assisted on Service Desk training course to ensure part---time students are up to date with Service Desk policies Senior Student Consultant May 2013 to May 2014 Provided first---level technical support of UT related services over 75,000+ users at UT Austin  in person, over the phone and via email  ? Politely responded to customer's problem and conveyed a resolution by resolving at first  contact or escalating to the next level of support  ? Documented common issues and client interactions using the Footprints ticket tracking system  ? Completed Help Desk training to provide exceptional customer support and implement best  practices for problem solving Bank Teller Plains Capital Bank May 2012 to August 2012 Ensured regulatory compliance by maintaining vault balances and being well versed on the company's security policies  ? Provided expert level customer service while managing customer transactions  ? Completed all training on accelerated timeline Education Bachelor of Science and Arts in Human Ecology in Healthcare Policy The University of Texas at Austin September 2015 Skills Sql, Sharepoint, Ms office, Html, Training, Problem solving Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/nidinizam