IT Project Manager / Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Consultant IT Project Manager / Consultant New Market, MD SCHEDULING REPORTING RECRUITMENT BUDGETING TRAINING OFFICE ADMINISTRATION MANAGEMENT PROJECT MANAGEMENT POLICIES STANDARDS &  PMBOK, Waterfall & Scrum Project Management Methodologies ? Continuous Improvement ? Maximum ROI    • Strategic Planner & Convergent Thinker blending robust analytical, detail-minded organizational, effective time management, meticulous recordkeeping, and creative problem solving skills to prioritize and complete multiple undertakings.  • Upbeat Networker & Relationship Builder cultivating beneficial relationships, liaising across functionalities, building a resource network, and influencing stakeholders while rallying crewmembers in timely completion of assignments.  • Technically Proficient Professional adept at organizing, integrating, and deploying cutting-edge systems to advance capability, growth, and performance. Open to travel and relocation. Work Experience IT Project Manager / Consultant Standard Bank - Johannesburg, Gauteng 2005 to 2007 SA Stanbic Africa Basel II Risk Capital Calculator, Integrated Process Management (IPM) System, SAP Mozambique implementation.  • Earned Standard Bank Change Management Department Most Compliant Project Manager Award in 2008.    BUSINESS EDGE SYSTEMS  Client: Standard Bank 2005- 2007  IT Project Manager / Consultant Johannesburg, South Africa  Client Relations Fiscal Accountability Conflict Resolution Innovative Solutions Timely Delivery  Spearheaded all facets of project implementations to support banking clients in advancing operational and compliance systems. Consulted with client to coordinate project details and issue resolution matters. Steered project communication and operations, inclusive of scope, scheduling, budget control, and status reporting. Prioritized and delegated tasks across team of 10+ resources, including business analysts, developers, testers, and trainers. Expert with project management tools such as Smart View and MS Project. Budgets of up to (~US2M)  Notable Project: MoneyGram implementation and subsequent rollout into Standard Bank SA Stanbic Africa branches across 8 countries.  • Offered interface alignment and integration recommendations based on deep understanding of retail, corporate, and investment banking processes, along with proprietary client systems and interdependencies. Assistant IT Manager Projects BANC ABC - Harare, ZW 2001 to 2005 Zimbabwe  Stakeholder Communications Forecasting & Estimating Technical Support & Documentation Quality Assurance (QA)  Employed a systematic approach and standardized methods while assisting senior project leadership in planning, executing and controlling financial services technology projects to achieve targeted goals. Provided technical support; contributed field insights to evolve protocols and procedures.  Notable Project: Seamless data migration and transition from legacy banking systems (BARD, FMB & UDC) to FLEXCUBE on an Oracle platform.  • Handpicked to serve as Country Champion for Tanzania. IT APPLICATION SUPPORT SPECIALIST DELTA CORPORATION / DELTA SYSTEMS - Harare, ZW 2000 to 2001 Zimbabwe  Client Point of Contact (POC) Standard Procedures Programming Problem Solving Troubleshooting Training  Supplied first-level technical support while managing a full range of help desk activities. Administered servers and engaged in coding, testing and software implementation. Conducted user training and ensured high levels of customer satisfaction. Education MBA in International Business University of Maryland University College 2020 Bachelor of Commerce in Information Systems and Management RHODES UNIVERSITY April 2019 Skills budget (3 years), Microsoft Project (3 years), project management (3 years), Project Manager (3 years), Quality Assurance (4 years), Billing, Payroll, Quickbooks, Scheduling, Accounts Payable Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) April 2019 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: SQL, Visual Basic (VB)  ERPs: Microsoft Project, & Office  SAP, IPM, Project Scheduler, Smart Sheet,    PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY    LETHABO LLC 2017 - 2018  OFFICE MANAGER Business Owner New Market MD  Responsibilities:  -Implementing office policies, standards and procedures and measuring results  -Responsible for scheduling and assigning employees and following up on work results  -Keeping management informed by reviewing and analyzing special reports and identifying trends  -Maintaining outsourced staff  -Maintaining the budget, controlling expenditure    COHESION PROJECT MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS  2007 - 2009  Client: Standard Bank Johannesburg, South Africa  IT Executive Project Manager  Change Leadership Capacity Planning IT Governance Standards Performance Metrics Team Leadership  Experienced in delivery of technology and business application solutions on different system environments and platforms Leveraged an array of corporate resources to ensure consistency and scalability throughout project lifecycle from planning design, User acceptance testing, Roll out and Implementation while orchestrating a portfolio of banking client IT projects. Prepared the status reports and familiar with risk management and quality assurance control. Promoted and instilled use of best practices to reliably complete on time, budget-aligned projects that generated excellent customer satisfaction ratings.