Technical Project Manager Intern Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Intern Technical Project Manager Intern - Apple Inc Santa Clara, CA Work Experience Technical Project Manager Intern Apple Inc August 2014 to Present Santa Clara, USA  • Collaborate with developers in the Platform Engineering team and other project stakeholders towards requirements analysis, solution design, technical detail design, test planning and deployment.  • Developed project plans, assigned tasks and monitored status of project for daily scrum calls with customer;  worked with multiple business units, writing business requirements and translating into technical documentation.  • Development using SPLUNK to generate application performance statistics and management reporting.  • Data Analysis for holiday season with respect to impact of data volume surge, performance scalability and resource planning. Technical Project Lead TCS Ltd - Cupertino, CA July 2011 to August 2013 Cupertino, USA  • Led a cross-functional team of 9 members for mission critical application and directed the creation of functional and technical designs, including data models, data transformation logic, as well as the application  user interface.  • Developed and enhanced the Platform Engineering solutions that cater to all interfaces between Apple's 140+  applications including transactional systems, Enterprise data warehouse and reporting applications, as well as  Apple's business partners world-wide using EDI (Electronic Data Interchange) and webMethods  implementations.  • Worked in major scalability exercises during product launches, holiday and peaking events, including addition of servers, bus, adaptors, CPU and storage.  • Built scripts to automate tasks such as detecting performance/load-balancing issues, generating health-check  reports to enable proactive and preventive maintenance of the systems. Typically involved writing Unix or  PL/SQL scripts.  • Wrote SPLUNK queries, Analyzed reports and Set up Alerts using SPLUNK for Integration, Retail, Marketing area in  Apple. IT Analyst TCS Ltd - Cupertino, CA May 2008 to June 2011 Cupertino, USA    • Maintenance/support and Enhancements to Apple's Marketing applications, including a 15 TB customer  database application, product registration system, newsletter subscription, marketing email broadcast, etc. This  included creation of around 250 shell scripts and PL/SQL stored procedures.  • Data analysis of the CMS communication loop and reporting the key stats to the business community  • Involved in inception, design and development of a database program to monitor and track application  workflow and data flow in transactional system, and from there to the data warehouse. This involved Unix Shell  scripts and PL/SQL code. Developer TCS Ltd - Bangalore, Karnataka November 2006 to April 2008 Bangalore, India    • Worked on major/minor enhancements to the Point of Sales application landscape at Apple Inc. Identified and fixed 25 major issues and production bugs in two major releases of the application in an year, resulting in 30%  reduction of commonly occurring production issues and 50% less time spent by the production support team on recurring issues.    COURSEWORK  Database Management Systems • Financial Accounting • Object Oriented Analysis & Design • Computer Based  Decision Models • Financial Management • Big Data • Systems Analysis & Design • Info System Strategy and Policy,  • Organizational Management • Software Project Management • Virtualization & Cloud Computing • Data  Science with Python • Operations management Education Masters in Information Systems Santa Clara University, Leavey School of Business - Santa Clara, CA September 2013 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics & Communications Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College - Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh September 2002 to June 2006 Additional Information • 7+ years of experience in implementing Enterprise IT solutions for large North American Technology,  Manufacturing and Retail companies through various roles such as IT Solution Architect, Technical Lead, Data  Analyst and Developer.  • Exhaustive hands-on experience in design and maintenance of enterprise application integration systems, data  analysis and reporting, data migration, performance tuning, scalability implementations, production system  monitoring, platform engineering operations.  • Strong project and team co-ordination skills, analytical & problem solving ability, interpersonal skills, technical  documentation and negotiation skills while working in multi-disciplinary, geographically disbursed project teams.  • Passionate for data and technology, currently pursuing MSIS with focus on in Big Data, cloud computing and  Data Science.    TECHNICAL SKILLS  Business Analysis: Requirements gathering (BRD & FRS), Technical Specifications, Use Case & Activity diagrams,  Business process Workflows.  Database Software: Oracle 11, 10g, 9.i, 8.i (PL/SQL), MS SQL, MySQL  noSQL databases: Coherence, memCached, Couchbase, mongoDB  Programming Languages: Java/J2EE, PL/SQL, Hadoop, Hive, HTML5, JavaScript, XSLT  Scripting: Unix Shell Script (ksh), Python, R  Tools: Splunk, Eclipse, SQL Developer, Devops, Nagios, WEKA, R Studio, Tableau  Methodologies: Waterfall, RAD, Agile  Servers: JBoss, Apache, Tomcat  Productivity tools: Microsoft office suite (Excel, Word, Visio, Project), Mac iWork suite (Keynote, Pages) Job  Scheduling: Autosys, cron SCCS: CVS and SVN Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows 7, Mac OSX, Linux