IT Project Manager / Project Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> Analyst IT Project Manager / Project Analyst - FedEx Services Memphis TN • Project / Process Analyst with 5 years of IT experience in Networking and telecommunication domain.  • Good working experiences of networking terminologies and hands on proven experience dealing with offshore team across the United States.  • Currently working on the biggest project of FedEx Services.  • Extensive experience in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and their variants experience Including requirement gathering, analysis and involved in development, testing and implementation, deployment and maintenance phases.  • Experienced interacting with stakeholders, users, end client, developers, testers to meet the business expectation.  • Willing to take PMP and Cyber security certification exam in future.  • In-depth knowledge of various software development life cycles like Agile/Scrum, Waterfall. Experienced in conducting JAD sessions to develop and agree upon business requirements.  • Develop and monitor project plan including schedules, resources, budget and daily tasks. Currently working on two cross-functional projects of high complexity.  • Managing cross-functional teams in the planning and execution of projects by the planning and tracking of tasks, schedules, and resources sales team, customers, and delivery personnel.  • Monitor project budget and it's deliverables.  • Conducting monthly Director of IT, VP IT and bi-weekly EO (Engagement Office) meetings.  • Ability to prioritize requirements in conjunction with the stakeholders, multi-tasking and time management. Ability to deal people with conflicting needs, prioritize and schedule multiple tasks.  • Excellent communication skills with experience in the development, implementation and integration strategies within a team-oriented environment, utilizing quantitative and qualitative analytical skills.  • Lead projects from inception through completion with responsibility for productivity through all phases of the project.  • Ability to create project plans with timelines on multiple vendor IT security products and installations  • Streamline project communication by acting as the primary resource for all team members and the project sponsor. Work Experience IT Project Manager / Project Analyst FedEx Services Memphis TN - Memphis, TN July 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Collaborating with stakeholders to establish project designs, scope, deliverables and timelines.  • Developing and maintaining detailed schedules for each project and actively managing the scheduled tasks with outside vendors including major milestones, action items, long lead purchases, and any other commitments that would impact the project schedule.  • Analysing implications of changes from the original schedule and taking required corrective actions to ensure the project stays on track.  • Managing complex project from design and development to production. Creating and executing project work plans and revising as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements.  • Identifying resources needed at the project level and assigning individual responsibilities to Project Engineers.  • Managing day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope and resolving issues that come up.  • Providing regular project status reports to upper management level (Director, IT Manager) and the project team onshore and offshore.  • Connecting monthly MD meeting for project review.  • Performing a project analysis on new projects, including requirements, project schedules and costs.  • Developed and maintained a work plan for system projects. Interacted closely with the business leads to provide estimates as part of the project plan.  • Strong working experience as resource management, team management  • Solid working knowledge of Structured Cabling Systems from an installation and basic design perspective.  • Communicating with internal and external customers, including project kickoff meetings, regular status updates, and engagement reviews.  • Ensuring project documents are complete, accurate, and stored appropriately.  • Managing project budgets and forecasting requirements and analysing variances; initiating corrective actions where appropriate.  • Execute & maintain project management processes in the areas of project schedule, quality, communications, risk/issue, escalation and change management.  • Strong working experience in fiber construction ,wired and wireless development process with carriers like ATT , Sprint , Verizon ,CTL and Frontier    Technologies: Microsoft Smartsheets, PeopleSoft for opening NEXUS tickets, net DB Enterprise, Microsoft office products. Project Manager Bridgevoice Inc, NY, USA (Panamax Infotech LTD February 2016 to June 2018 since May 2016 and BA    Responsibilities:  • Strong understanding of SDLC and experience in all phases including requirement gathering, analysis, design, implementation, testing and deployment using Waterfall, Agile methodologies.  • Participated in Requirement Analysis and Gathering with the development team and the client understanding their specific scenarios.  • Handling project planning and project scope with the Senior PM and stakeholders.  • Attended Review meetings to discuss Use-Cases, Business Rules, message rules, alternate flows and exceptions paths.  • Conduct joint application development sessions with the stake holders by gathering requirements of the solution  • Documented and Reviewed Supplements Specs and Business Documents for Use Case Entitlements.  • Interacted with the project team to assign priority to Projects based on dependency and criticality and maintaining the sprints and their backlogs in Agile.  • Assisted in documenting screen mock-ups in HTML and designing of applications using Axure.  • Strong experience in handling risks before it occurs so it would create less problems to BA,developers and tester to work on project.  • Generating burn down and burn up reports, sprint release, project scope, project planning reports using JIRA so that I can track status.  • Wrote test scenarios to support the test team in generating the Test scripts and Test cases.  • Generated Test Reports for both Manual and Automated tests based on the test cases.  • Experience in Manual Testing using Quality Centre and HP ALM.  • Performed extensive Manual Testing on Client Server and Web based Applications.  • Well versed in Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing. Regression Testing, GUI Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Actively interacted with the development team in resolving Bugs identified from Testing using JIRA tool.  • Implement customer feedback mechanisms and use knowledge of human factors.  • Using various methodologies in retrospective meetings so that no one gets bored and asking their point of views.  • Responsible for assembling project plans and teamwork assignments, directing and monitoring work efforts on a daily basis using JIRA.  • Identifying resource needs during retrospective meeting and daily stand up meetings.  • Performing quality reviews and escalating functional, quality, timeline issues appropriately.    Projects:  MobiFin: This is the master product which has various modules integrated in it which includes top up, wallet, ticketing, online bill payments.  MobiFin -Ticketing: The ticketing module is used for hotel booking, airline booking, rail booking. This services are offered individually to the customer as per their specifications. Customer can compare prices and book their tickets accordingly. Even they can filter their choices by choosing number of stops, travel time. If customers wants to book their tickets then they can do that with the payment processing which is authenticated with third party payment integration. For cancellation of any bookings made the system takes into consideration the most recent rates along with the airline specific cancellation charges and terms. The REST API integration with airlines website is made.  Client- ButtonPay  • Designed a system to create a seamless customer experience for a high traffic e-commerce website through desktop, mobile and smartphone app interfaces.  • Designed mobile app for the same module for iOS and android system to stand in current trend.  • Conducted in-house demo using Microsoft ppt for better understanding of development and testing teams. As well as presented the same product design plan to business stakeholders for their inputs    MobiFin - Topup: Currently working on the topup module with the US office team of Bridgevoice Inc., NY. This product has the vendor management, the product management and the customer management portals. The product management portal is the interacting link between the customer and the vendor management portals and determines the product mapping with the available vendor and their denominations. Next product is then filtered based on the customer requisition using the LCR low cost routing or route quality priority or Response talking time with API. This is then integrated with the payment gateway for payment processing on customer side and then to the vendors according to the agreed terms of credit line.    Environment: Rational Suite (Rose, Requisite Pro), Axure RP, Agile-Scrum, UML, MS- Project, MS-Office Suite, Test Director, Windows. Talent acquisition specialist Collabera, India - IN December 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities:  • Taking care of end to end IT Recruitment/ IT Hiring process.  • Was into Business Development Group (BDG) which is most important group for Collabera.  • Managing complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse channels after identification of manpower requirements.  • Pre-Screening the candidates to validate the credential against the job specification.  • Negotiating salaries, Co-ordination with the HR Manager for the Issue of Offer letters to the Qualified Candidates.  • To follow up till the candidate joins the organization.  • Monthly/Weekly reports about the status of the candidates short-listed, selected, offered and likely joiners.  • Assisted to new hire of Collabera until they settle into the role into the team.  • Sourcing profiles through multiple tools viz LinkedIn, Databases, internal references, Networking, Job portals (Monster and Naukri).  • Managing job postings, screening and scheduling of candidates, co-ordinating interviews.  • Sourcing candidates by references mapping for niche skills from specific companies.  • Conduct first level screening (Telephonic or video) to check communication Skills, technical skills, interest level, availability, salary, etc.  • Maintaining a systematic and comprehensive database of all candidates and Following up with the candidates till he goes on board.  • Recruiting for various engineering positions like Team Lead, Software Architects, Designers, Developers / Programmers, Managers, Sr. Managers, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Solution Delivery Managers, Program Managers, PMO Head.  • Daily meeting with superiors to discuss priorities and how to increase our business and its revenue.  • Involved into Client call on various situations.  • Communicating with Collabera's superior like Resource Head, Delivery Managers for how to grow company's revenue and developing new strategies for that.    Projects:  • Handled Collabera's one of most escalated and important account United Health Group - India.  • Handled second and critical account Emirates Airline's IT Group, Dubai.  • Single point of contact in Collabera for recruiters of BDG team and other team of recruiters for United Health Group - IT division, India as well as Emirates Airline - IT and got great success.    Clients worked with Collabera:    Domestic Clients: Cisco, Persistent Systems, Gartner, Sunguard, IBM, Wipro, Amazon,  Symantec, United Health Group - IT division, Infosys, Mindtree, HCL    International Client: Emirates Airlines - IT Division (EG IT) -Dubai. Education B.E Gujarat Technological University (GTU) 2014 Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/srffvh0rrhvmghct Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.