SERVICE DELIVERY PROJECT MANAGER SERVICE DELIVERY <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SERVICE DELIVERY PROJECT MANAGER A diligent project manager with in-depth skills and a sound background in the telecoms and travel sector, skillful at facilitating discussions with stakeholders and collaborating with third parties in achieving goals through projects that translate challenging customers' needs into new products, services, and profits.    I also have strong analytical skills and the ability to manage projects and processes with proven leadership successes in the planning, integration, and execution of IT Service management processes, and projects in agile environment to achieve and sustain continuously stable IT service and business productivity. Work Experience SERVICE DELIVERY PROJECT MANAGER Wakanow May 2016 to April 2017 Project management and Product owner  • Coordinating with cross discipline team members to make sure that all parties are on track with project requirements, deadlines, and schedules.  • Support the software development lifecycle of transformation initiatives by defining solution requirements (user stories) and driving those requirements through the delivery process.  • Identified, monitored, reported project-related issues to achieve timely resolution.  • Expresses Product Backlog items - writes User Stories, defines clear acceptance criteria to support the scrum execution  • Developed and implemented corrective action plans to mitigate impact to project schedules and overall business objectives.  • Utilizing project tracking tools like Trello and VSO to accurately document milestones completions, project issues, corrective action plans, project jeopardies, and overall project completions.  • Establishing effective project communication plans and maintaining excellent communication with functional team members and direct management to ensure early identification of issues a timely reporting of status.  • Analyze product performance and A/B tests and define further improvements.  • Collaborate with UX engineers on Design Sprints.  • Participated in discovery sessions and biweekly agile sprints.  • Lead new product launches and product re-designs for optimal customer experiences.  • Meeting with project team members to identify and resolve issues.  • Submitting project deliverables and ensuring that they adhere to quality standards.  • Preparing status reports by gathering, analyzing and summarizing relevant information.  • Facilitating change requests to ensure that all parties are informed of the impacts on schedule and budget.  • Obtaining customer acceptance of project deliverables.  • Managing customer satisfaction within project transition period.  • Conducting post project evaluation and identifying successful and unsuccessful project elements.  • Hotel extranet project oversight.  • UX - Wireframe and responsive site oversight    Release Manager / DevOps  • Oversaw a team of product owners, software tester and software engineers to coordinate business readiness, user acceptance testing, use case requirement reconciliation in preparation of product launch (Go-live).  • Established Release Change Advisory Board  • Enforced Application Change Control Practices Remediation Planning & Resolution  • Supervised the Software quality testing (SQA) team to ensure that applications were bug-free before introduction to the live environment.  • Oversaw DevOps process, managed changes and deployment from test environments to the production environment on cloud using visual studio online (VSO).  • Oversaw and coordinated deployment, and rollback to respective cloud environments while collaborating with the software testing team to ensure that no bugs were introduced into the production system as a result of a new deployment for all new products, bug fixes or hot fixes.  • Review test strategies to guarantee the quality of the delivered system, assist in the diagnosis of system problems encountered during testing.  • Derive test plans from stakeholder input and communicate the details effectively to development teams.  • Interfaces with systems development to ensure that change management and release management of new and updated products are incorporated into the release management process. SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER Wakanow September 2015 to May 2016 IT Service management / Problem Manager  • Established, lead, developed, and grew the Service Delivery team by providing day to day direction and by coaching, delivering continuous feedback and support to the team. Ensure training needs are identified for succession and career development of staff helping create a clear path of progression from the SD function to other areas within IT.  • Created, maintained, implemented, and communicated problem management processes that can empower teams and embrace DevOps; track and analyze IT service delivery in terms of response and problem resolution lead times and through the use of continuous improvement and other efficiency tools progressively improve the performance and engagement of the teams.  • Regularly collected feedback on satisfaction from customers, key stakeholders within the business and use with KPI metrics to give recommendations on improvements within the SD function.  • Develop strategies for continuous service delivery improvement and service levels by monitoring and managing phone queue (participating in escalated calls as needed) and deep knowledge of problem resolution lead times and evaluation of efficiency tools.  • Established and oversaw the service desk, tools, Incident management, and problem management processes, which ensured seamless transitioning and support of applications on web portals in the production environment. Collaborated with Application developers to fix bugs on the production environment on time.  • Managed the lifecycle of all incidents referring calls to 3rd line support/maintenance providers where appropriate and acted as liaison point and coordinator to ensure necessary action was taken and updates provided.  • Oversaw problem management identification process, leveraging various sources including but not limited to service desk incident trends, major incidents and alerts, both reactive and proactive.  • Regularly coordinates cross-functional team of software developers, vendors, product owners and software testers to resolve incidents requiring cross-departmental collaboration.  • Enforced documentation of Incident/Problem root cause.  • Oversaw production monitoring and reporting using AppDynamics, AppInsights and Google Analytics to proactively mitigate service interruptions  • Engaged internal business partners to ensure problems get resolved timely and in accordance with legal and compliance requirements.  • Rolled out service level agreement (SLA) through training of support teams and reviewing vendor agreement.  • Ensured implementation of mitigating action/solution to avoid the occurrence of an incident with support from CIO, Head of Software development and Head of IT Infrastructure.    Major Incident management    • Oversaw and controlled all Major Incidents and the provision of a full end-to-end Major Incident Service Governance.  • Acted as a SPOC for the Customer to provide the status update whenever a major incident occurs  • Ensured the Major incident is resolved within the SLAs agreed with the Customer  • Documented all the corrective and preventive actions to minimize the service and business impact in case resolution time seems to be high.  • Conducted a thorough analysis and prepared the Major Incident Report (MIR) for every Major Incident after it is closed.  • Established and governed the proactive element with a goal of identifying and capture preventative actions via a robust problem management process through resolution and root cause.  • Ensuring that all the resolution procedures are updated in the knowledge database / Work log  • Conducted review meetings with relevant members to identify the triggers for the Major Incidents, what caused them, and how to prevent such Incidents happening in future.  • Coordinated with the process managers (capacity manager, Availability manager, IT Service continuity manager, etc.) on need basis to avoid reoccurring of the major incidents  • Providing the periodical (monthly) reports on the overall status of the Major Incident Management Process.  • Conducted the training / knowledge sharing sessions across the teams/new joiners to avoid occurring of the major incidents.    Release Manager / DevOps  • Oversaw a team of product owners, software tester and software engineers to coordinate business readiness, user acceptance testing, use case requirement reconciliation in preparation of product launch (Go-live).  • Supervised the Software quality testing (SQA) team to ensure that applications were bug-free before introduction to the live environment.  • Oversaw DevOps process, managed changes and deployment from test environments to the production environment on cloud using visual studio online (VSO).  • Oversaw and coordinated deployment, and rollback to respective cloud environments while collaborating with the software testing team to ensure that no bugs were introduced into the production system as a result of a new deployment for all new products, bug fixes or hot fixes.  • Review test strategies to guarantee the quality of the delivered system, assist in the diagnosis of system problems encountered during testing.  • Derive test plans from stakeholder input and communicate the details effectively to development teams. SENIOR IT BUSINESS ANALYST IBM December 2012 to June 2015 Major Incident management and Problem management  • Oversaw the major incident and problem management processes by ensuring critical technical issues are within agreed SLA and root causes of critical incidents were identified and fixed on time avoiding recurrence.  • Managed critical service downtimes and coordinated IT support engineers, to resolve services interruptions.  • Oversaw and controlled all Major Incidents and the provision of a full end-to-end Major Incident Service Governance.  • Acted as a SPOC for the Customer to provide the status update whenever a major incident occurs  • Ensured the Major incident is resolved within the SLAs agreed with the Customer  • Documented all the corrective and preventive actions to minimize the service and business impact in case resolution time seems to be high.  • Conducted a thorough analysis and prepared the Major Incident Report (MIR) for every Major Incident after it is closed.  • Established and governed the proactive element with a goal of identifying and capture preventative actions via a robust problem management process through resolution and root cause.  • Ensuring that all the resolution procedures are updated in the knowledge database / Work log  • Conducted review meetings with relevant members to identify the triggers for the Major Incidents, what caused them, and how to prevent such Incidents happening in future.  • Coordinated with the process managers (capacity manager, Availability manager, IT Service continuity manager, etc.) on need basis to avoid reoccurring of the major incidents  • Providing the periodical (monthly) reports on the overall status of the Major Incident Management Process.  • Conducted the training / knowledge sharing sessions across the teams/new joiners to avoid occurring of the major incidents.  • Supervised User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and ensure documentation of Root Cause of Incidents.  • Ensured User satisfaction in every step of the management of an Incident assigned to 1st Line support.  • Enforced follow-up process to ensure IT Support teams updated user on status and progress of Incident/Requests  • Worked with business users to identify, Analyze, evaluate and solve existing operational issues.  • Liaised with business clients to help shape initial ideas into firm system requirements, ensuring that they are sufficiently comprehensive and detailed to support effective system development.  • Utilized process run charts and process behavioral analysis to understand when service is out of control to proactively intervene and improve performance severity level increases.  • Utilized Fishbone diagram and 5-Whys root cause analysis tools to investigate the root cause of IT service downtimes and provide appropriate corrective actions that will prevent recurrence of the issues.  • Tracked RCA corrective actions and preventive actions to ensure timely implementations to prevent a recurrence.  • Collaborated with Project teams and IT Service Operations teams for the proactive problem and Service Improvement Initiatives.  • Ensured SOP documentation compliance to minimize process and human error causing incidents.    Change management  • Responsible for the Change Advisory Board  • Coordinated submission and approval of IT changes and monthly Change Report.  • Worked closely with the software development and IT infrastructure teams to ensure all changes were tested, prioritized, planned and implemented appropriately.  • Followed up on implemented changes to ensure change updates were provided.  • Worked closely with Project Managers during the transition of services into live operations.  • Ensured seamless execution of all change activities across the IT function by applying change, risk and process improvement methodologies.  • Ensured the change management is integrated into relevant IT processes and procedures, utilizing best practice and industry standard frameworks to support business objectives.  • Ensured all staff are appropriately trained in both the application of the change management policy and process and utilization of the change management tool.  • logged and prioritized all Request for Change (RFC's) accurately and ensure it is forwarded to all stakeholders for authorization.  • Consulted with key business stakeholders to understand processes, agree on the scope of change, develop the business case, document requirements, develop specifications and acceptance criteria. SERVICE DESK TEAM LEAD HUAWEI TECHNOLOGIES May 2009 to November 2012 • Oversaw the 24 by 7 IT Service desk through adequate staffing, skill mix, performance, Incident management process compliance and interactions with other Business and IT stakeholders  • Provided 1st level and 2nd line support via the telephone, using remote desktop tools or should the need arise attendance to users place of work  • Acted as a further escalation point for unresolved or escalated calls  • Reported to senior managers on any issue that could significantly impact the business  • Attended Change Advisory Board meetings  • Managed critical or emergency incidents and provided updates to customers /stakeholders  • Provided guidance to and mentor direct reports  • Effectively communicate with the team, management, and client (where appropriate), any pertinent information relevant to the task at hand  • Responsible for incident management and request fulfilment on the Service Desk.  • Ensured staff take ownership of user problems and be proactive when dealing with user issues.  • Ensured all calls are logged in the Service Desk logging system.  • Responded to inquiries from clients and help them resolve any hardware or software problems.  • Maintained a log of any software or hardware problems detected.  • Allocated more complex calls to the relevant IT Support member.  • Arranged for external technical support where problems cannot be resolved in house.  • Provided guidance to and mentor direct reports BUSINESS ANALYST - IT QUALITY MANAGEMENT Airtel September 2007 to May 2009 • Ensured proper documentation of IT projects and monitored changes on operational documents, ISO 9000: 2001 documentation project resource and IT internal audit report updates.  • IT Process reengineering, elimination of non-value adds steps and process audit.  • Analyze customers' needs and business processes in order to map them properly    TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE AND SOFT SKILLS  • Tools: Visual Studio Online, Visio, SharePoint, Craft Content Management, BMC Remedy 7, AppDynamics, AppInsights, HTML5, CSS, Craft, SEO, Trello, TFS, Adobe, BrightEdge, Hootsuite, Google Ads, Google Analytics, Jira, DAM.  • Process and Methodology: Agile Scrum, Kanban, User Stories, Waterfall, Daily Scrums, Sprints, stage gates, Process Mapping and Customer Journey Definitions, ITIL, PRINCE2, Six Sigma  • IT Service Management Applications: IBM Maximo, BMC Remedy, OS Tickets  • MBA: Lean Startup Process, Financial management, ROI, Product-Market Fit, Product pivot, A/B testing.    promptly.    made in the event of a quer    to enable timely p    posting to the general ledger system. Education MBA in Entrepreneurial Management Lynn University - Boca Raton, FL May 2017 to May 2019