Accounts Receivable Manager/Build- It-Back Accounts Receivable <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Build-<span class="hl">It</span>-Back Accounts Receivable Manager/Build- It-Back - Gary Allen Modular Homes, LLC Staten Island, NY Work Experience Accounts Receivable Manager/Build- It-Back Gary Allen Modular Homes, LLC December 2018 to Present • Set objectives for the accounts receivable team that align with the accounting department's goals.  • Monitor processing of invoices.  • Ensure timely collection of payment.  • Organize records of invoices, bills, change orders, RFI's and deposits.  • Prepare monthly, quarterly, annual, and ad-hoc forecasting reports.  • Applied analytical problem solving to resolve project or communication issues.  • Review, analyze, and resolve non-conformance reports.  • Ensure high-quality invoicing and collection procedures that comply with the law and program rules and ensure all team members  follow accounting principles.  • Review and meet with field crew and inspectors to conduct property inspections.  • Facilitated weekly project status meetings and meet with contractors, clients and inspectors.  • Maintain Excel spreadsheets, contractor schedules and reports to include projections, daily success, and process installment  payments.    • Search for procurement opportunities. Operations Coordinator/Build- It-Back Sullivan Land Services February 2016 to December 2018 • Oversee construction/maintenance of residential properties after Hurricane Sandy from inception to completion.  • Coordinate and schedule special and milestone inspections.  • Achieved, exceeded and maintained high operational standards, goals and efficiency in accordance with company  goals and objectives via exemplary attention to detail and ability to both lead and take direction as needed to succeed.  • Liaison between corporate staff and executives, construction team, and vendors, effectively creating/preserving  relationships, improving adaptability, especially the ability to productively work with diverse groups of people.  • Reviewed construction technical documentation for accuracy, feasibility, quality and conformance to industry standards.  • Applied analytical problem solving to resolve project or communication issues.  • Review, analyze, and resolve non-conformance reports.  • Review and meet with contractors and inspectors to conduct property inspections.  • Facilitated weekly project status meetings and meet with contractors, clients and inspectors.  • Maintain Excel spreadsheets, contractor schedules and reports to include projections, daily success, and process installment  payments. Project Manager/Office Manager H&M Properties November 2014 to February 2015 • Oversee construction/maintenance of residential properties from inception to planning to completion.  • Coordinated design and planning to ensure design standards are met and maintained.  • Conducted and performed site surveys during various stages of the construction project.  • Analyzed vendor proposals and selected the appropriate one for each project.  • Reviewed construction technical documentation for accuracy, feasibility, quality and conformance to industry standards.  • Supervised and recruited staff.  • Review and analyze architectural drawings and blueprints.  • Meet with zoning officials and code officers to conduct property inspections.  • Project management for Wounded Warrior Project. Project Manager & Vendor Management Safeguard Properties November 2013 to November 2014 • Responsible for multiple state property development projects and code violation resolution.  • Negotiating contracts and highly escalated situations with contractors and clients.  • Estimating property damage and resolve design issues.  • Supervise timelines and completion of work orders to achieve rigorous quality control inspections.  • Vendor management and monitor contractor performance for over 400 contractors nationwide.  • Display comprehensive knowledge of client parameters.  • Maintain property history profile to include: repairs, inspections, evictions, transfers, violations, and bid history.  • Provide customer service representation for consumers, clients, stakeholders, brokers, and vendors.  • Identify source of damage and provide an effective course of damage control for up to 300 open orders  daily and approve scope of work.  • Accounting and budget review.  • Experienced in property preservation, convey, re-convey, REO, hazard claims, and proof of loss.    Center for Family Support Residential Manager February 2011 to December 2012 • Management of up to twenty-four properties.  • Organized damage repair after both Hurricanes Irene and Sandy to include: Analyze damage such as mold  remediation, structural repairs, roof damage, electrical repairs, and constructing preventive plan of action for future  damage control such as flood prevention.  • OSHA/Fire Safety Instructor  • Institute and participate in community inclusion activities and programs.  • Schedule and supervise maintenance.  • Ensure quality customer service representation.  • Client Intake and Housing Coordination.  • Meet with vendors to obtain estimates and discuss property damage and control.  • Supervise, interview, train, and monitor residential, case management, nursing, medical staff, and maintenance for twenty eight  employees.  • Attend and participate in all agency standing committees.  • Review and approve purchase requisitions. Approve and calculate fiscal year budget.  • Human Resource Management including hiring, disciplinary actions, and leave computation.  • Liaison between agency and construction vendors.  • Quality Assurance: Conduct and ensure residential physical plant inspections were maintained and met regulatory  requirements for safety and building codes for the State of New York.  • Interdisciplinary and Incident Review team member.  • Extensive collaboration with state auditors required for periodic corporate audits on property to include: Mandated logs  and written records, identifying potential health and safety hazards, certifying occupancy permits were current, and ensuring that properties were always up to code due to frequent code inspector visits. Education Bachelor's in Liberal Arts and Humanities University of Toledo Skills Quality assurance, Hud, Billing, Payroll, Osha 10