Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Infrastructure Shipboard Officer (IISO) Philadelphia, PA Seeking an Computer Technology position with a company that will allow me to fully utilize my communication, organizational, and problem solving skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager State Farm (CONTRACT) - New Jersey January 2019 to July 2019 • Establish and implement training processes and strategies for all technical personnel  • Analyze, plan and develop requirements and standards in reference to scheduled projects  • Assign and oversee the daily tasks of technical personnel while ensuring all subordinates are actively working toward established milestones  • Hold regular technical team meetings to determine progress and address any questions or challenges regarding projects  • Determine and define clear deliverables, roles and responsibilities for staff members required for specific projects or initiatives  • Research and evaluate hardware and software technology options and weigh the cost/benefit analysis when making large purchases on behalf of the company  • Update and maintain all production technologies ensuring proper maintenance and installation IT Infrastructure Shipboard Officer (IISO) Royal Caribbean Celebrity Cruises (CONTRACT) - Miami, FL January 2018 to January 2019 IT Infrastructure Shipboard Officer (IISO) - Royal Caribbean Celebrity Cruises - January 2018 to January 2019  Provided technical assistance and set up and maintain hardware, software, and networking operations. Other responsibilities include diagnosing and troubleshooting common to complex problems on board. IIS installs and provides support for all IT-managed PBX telephones, PCs, and peripherals including in-stateroom entertainment (ISE) and interactive TV (ITV) and other Apple devices.  • Provide remote and on-site support to all staff and guest.  • Actively involved in problem resolution, follow-up, testing, workarounds and equipment suggestions;  • Daily system performance, capacity, and backup monitoring for all servers. Time and Tax changes and also done in night audits. Reporting to Miami corporate headquarters.  • Monitor and support network services for Active Directory and Exchange services;  • Responsiable for installing hardware equipment such as wifi access points, switches, and routers.  • Act as the Emergency Evacuation Assembly Leader in assigned area on vessel. Led weekly procerdural drills in my area and in cordination with entire ship drill. Fire Drill, Man Overboard Drill, Bomb Treat Drill, and Ship Damage Drill.   • On-going maintenance, system checks, security set up and support for existing systems;  • Monitors and ensures success of backup processes;  • Assist in the inventory of all hardware and software resources;  • Assume responsibility for prioritizing and completing all work following established policies and guidelines.  • Maintain, troubleshoot and replace software/hardware as needed in all assigned locations Provide detailed account of visits  • New device procurement, setup and configuration;  • Prepare statistical and data reports, including usage trends and analysis; Regional IT Manager (RIT) Nordstrom, INC February 2015 to January 2018 • Oversees a regional team of Service Managers within assigned areas of responsibilities.  • Develops and maintains short and long-term goals, objectives, policies and operating procedures  • Maintain detailed records of each site visit, generate daily/weekly reports  • Provides strategic advice and recommendations to leadership in the development, implementation, and evaluation of new or modified policies, practices, and procedures  • Proactively takes control and manages escalated customer issues to resolution  • Ensure advanced support and quality of service for end user devices, software, and infrastructure  • Drives technology and process optimization efforts across larger Regional team  • Manage, coach and provide day to day leadership to team members  • Assess training needs and provides training tools and/or options for team members  • Develop and maintain positive working relationship with site management and associates to leverage problem resolution and compliance support  • Ensures all corporate security policies and standards as they relate to job duties IT Support Technician II (ITS) SCALA, INC December 2013 to February 2015 PA December 2013 to February 2015  Provided 1st tier technical support for multiple product offerings to internal associates via internal call queue and in the field installs and troubleshooting.  • Scanned log files and script languages (Python, Java, C++, php, VB) for interruptions,  bugs, and system vulnerabilities. Writing reports on findings, working closely with Quality Assurance department.  • Support clients running the following OS platforms: Windows 8, 7, XP, Vista, Server Education Bachelor's Degree in Security and Risk Analysis in Security and Risk Analysis Cyber security The Pennsylvania State University January 2016 to December 2019 Associate's Degree Information Sciences and Technology The Pennsylvania State University 2017 Certification Security and Risk Analysis The Pennsylvania State University 2016 Certification Information Science & Technology The Pennsylvania State University 2015 Certification Information Technology Technician State Civil Service Commission of PA 2015 Skills Help Desk, It Specialist, Desktop Support, Information Technology, Network Support, Computer Repair, Cisco, ITV (2 years), Imaging (5 years), POS (5 years), Wifi AP's (3 years), Apple Mobiles (5 years), Fidelio cruise and Hotel Application systems (2 years), Mobile (6 years) Additional Information I would like to apply for this great in your esteemed organization. I came to know about this job opening through the job postings on the company website. Please find the attached copy of my resume and experience letter for your kind persual.    I have done an Associates Degree in Information Science & Technology and finishing my Bachelor's Degree in Security and Risk Analysis (SRA) or CyberSecurity from Penn State University. I also hold 2 certifications in both disciplines from Penn State University as well. Besides, I have a vast work experience of up to several years or more as a technical support manager and grown to other titles over the years. I am good at resolving the technical issues and problems and possess the capability to take quick and accurate decisions when required. I also have the capability to examine and determine the errors with a lesser amount of information in hand. Moreover, I can manage the team efficiently and ensure high performance from the team. In my last organization, I was responsible for enforcing useful strategies for identifying and solving the system related problems, overseeing the entire technical support department, keeping up with the latest technology trends to ensure system development, and many other tasks.    I believe that I can be a profitable addition to your organization. I request you to arrange an interview for me. Thank you for your time and for considering my documents.    Yours sincerely,   Nehemiah Brown