Sr. IT Program Manager at Paxon Energy Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> at Paxon Energy Sr. IT Program Manager at Paxon Energy - Project Managment Los Angeles, CA Managed budgets of up to $50M and cross-functional teams of up to 60 developers, programmers, analysts, and network specialists  Developed, implemented and managed portfolios for Major projects PMO for PG&E's Gas Transmission and Distribution  Work closely with other cross-functional associates (sales, customer relations, product management, technical services, etc.) to ensure professional project delivery and customer satisfaction.  Managing traffic and supervising DAM processes to ensure efficient workflow processes Create and maintain program information (risks, issues, resources, schedules, tasks, budgets)  Managing full upgrade of SAP ERP system across multiple Departments to streamline equipment ordering, Inventory tracking, manufacturing, Invoicing, Planning, Reporting and many more.  Design and setup SLA’s and KPI’s based on the project scope and objectives.  Identify and quickly resolve changes in scope, schedules and resource requirements. Own communications ensure Senior Leadership, business stakeholders, and the broader organization are in the know regarding project statuses, risks, and timelines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Program Manager at Paxon Energy Project Managment - Los Angeles, CA 2018 to Present • Managed budgets of up to $50M and cross-functional teams of up to 60 Decision Making  • developers, programmers, analysts and network specialists Agile methodologies and SDLC  • Developed, implemented and managed portfolios for Major projects PMO  • Analytical Skills  • for PG&E's Gas Transmission and Distribution  • Work closely with other cross functional associates (sales, customer Office 365  • relations, product management, technical services, etc.) to insure  • ERP Systems  • professional project delivery and customer satisfaction.  • Managing traffic and supervising DAM processes to ensure efficient Microso Project  • workflow processes  • Microso Visio  • Create and maintain program information (risks, issues, resources,  • schedules, tasks, budgets) Windows Os & Mac OS/X  • Managing full upgrade of SAP ERP system across multiple Departments to iOS, Android, Rim, Windows  • streamline equipment ordering, Inventory tracking and cost. Mobile  • Monitor and control project through project is completed on schedule and Java, C++, CSS, HTML, Mysql within budget.  • Keep abreast of industry best practices within the Project Management field Laptops, Access Points, USG,  • and incorporate changes internally as needed. Modems, Internal Servers,  • Identify and quickly resolve changes in scope, schedules and resource Tablets, Hotspots, Cellular  • requirements. Device, IBM Enterprise Server,  • Own communications, ensure Senior Leadership, business stakeholders, and Linux, Microso Servers, Active the broader organization are in the know regarding project statuses, risks  • Directory and timelines. Sr. IT Project Manager at E2 CONSULTING ENGINEERS - Los Angeles, CA 2015 to 2018 • Gathered and defined requirements; set direction and provided oversight and guidance for all software development and data management activities.  • lead and coordinate a constellation of software and hardware deployments. Generated detailed project scopes, schedules, risk assessments, budgets, and estimates. Managed various types of projects within GIS, Data Management, Document Management, File-Maker, Development, and PHP web design.  • Completed various data management tasks to ensure record accuracy and workflow efficiency.  • Establish and develop relationships and partnerships with internal and external team members.  • Oversaw 100% compliance of meetings SLA’s and KPI’s in accordance with master services. Provide data-driven risk assessments and mitigation plans for technical issues  • Define and drive process improvement efforts to support quality assurance and change control within technology delivery  • Increased application/systems performance uptime for all sites through system and process re-design, resulting in a 20% gain in KPIs and SLAs and the mitigation of information and system security audit deficiencies associated with contract terms.                IT Project Manager Accenture, El Segundo 2014 to 2015 • Providing support, leadership, and guidance to the members of the team such as software developers and client-facing representatives.  • Manage enhancing and developing a point of sale (OPUS) software project for AT&T retail stores and third-party vendors such as Best Buy, Walmart, Target, etc.  • plan and manage multi-million-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and, bottom-line gains. Day-to-day management of the Technical Work-stream for Oracle ERP Cloud implementation.  • Lead daily safety/operation meetings for goal development, identified tasks to meet the daily objectives and addressed safety to mitigate risks, which resulted in increased safety awareness and an overall reduction of risk exposure.  • Provide assistance when needed in the analysis of complex system and business processes and recommends innovative solutions. Responsible for Company-wide, longer-term and or strategic projects. IT/ Technical Consultant AT&T - Los Angeles, CA 2013 to 2014 • Manage the deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade and support of all servers, hardware, software and peripherals, which are Windows, Linux and Unix based. Manage day-to-day computer and technical operations and staff functions for our Southern California retail locations.  • Collaborate with IT Architecture, IT program leadership, Engineering, security and IT technical teams to develop, design, and implement solutions to address business needs.  • IT procurement and vendor contract negotiation, management and Purchase (Laptops, Access Points, USG, Modem, Internal Servers, Tablets, Hotpots, Cellular Devices, etc.) for new retail locations and new staff.  • Manage ongoing projects, OS upgrade, application upgrade, relocation, system troubleshooting, Server data migrations.  • System management of Microsoft Servers, Active Directory, HP/UX Unix, Linux, Mac OS/X systems, LAN and WAN.  • Networking and associated protocols including TCP/UDP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP, DNS, SNMP, and other internet associated protocols Education B.S. Devry University June 2010 to June 2014 Skills Waterfall, PMP, Scrum Master, Information Technology, CSM, PM, Project Management, SDLC, Software Development, Agile Project Management (5 years), Risk Management (7 years), Waterfall (5 years), Leadership Development (10+ years), SDLC (7 years), ERP (6 years), CRM (5 years), Scrum Master (5 years) Additional Information IT/TECHNICAL EXPERIENCES    • Extensive experience in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including System RequirementsCollection,Architecture,Design,Coding,Development,Testing.  • Maintenance and Enhancement in a variety of technological platforms. Experienced in  • designing, developing, implementing and testing computer-based hardware and software.  • Strong knowledge of Data Center Infrastructure Support and migration such as Amazon webserver (AWS), Cloud solutions, servers, desktop virtualization, Remote access, VPN and many more.  • Expert in working on integrating software programs with computer hardware.  • Strong knowledge in Collaboration applications such as Microsoft Skype for Business, Cisco WebEx, GoToMeeting, Join me and many more.  • Proficient in supporting and training Office Application on Windows or Mac such as Office 365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Microsoft Visio, SharePoint, Smartsheet, Microsoft Project, etc.  • Proficient in LANs / WANs / SANs, TCP / IP, VoIP, DNS, HTTP, Wireless / VPN Architecture, Cisco Routers & Switches, Firewalls, Active Directory Domain Controllers.  • Setup, Migrate and troubleshot POS Stations for varies of locations.    EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES    • Co-Founder & Co-Owner at Black Canvas Coffee, Hollywood  Black Canvas Coffee is an intelligent coffee brand located in Hollywood, Los Angeles that celebrates the creative local crowd through experiential design, unfussy service, and handcrafted coffee and high-quality food.    • Founder / YouTube Content Creator at World Of Gadgets  Passion for Technology and gadgets motivated me to create a Tech YouTube channel. I have recorded and edited all my videos, and within a year I was able to gain over 1360 Subscribers and over 109K views.