IT Project Manager Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant IT Project Manager (Mesa, AZ) Mesa, AZ Recently moved to Mesa, AZ and looking for full time/contract positions in the greater Phoenix area for an IT Project Management role. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Consultant McDonald's Corporate HQ - Chicago, IL July 2019 to Present Presently working as a remote (onsite when needed) consultant for the Global PMO of McDonald's HQ.  ? Managing consultant development teams working on platform onboarding projects with global markets in the Middle East, Asia, and Latin America.  ? Responsible for tracking and reporting project status across multiple stakeholders including market leads. IT Project Manager Consultant Clarity Partners - Chicago, IL October 2017 to May 2019 Worked in a client facing role to manage development projects for a portfolio of different platforms such as websites, open source software and custom in house software.  ? Managed development work on Drupal, WordPress, Moodle and Custom Software for federally funded and private organizations including Chicago Government affiliated organizations.  ? As the main point of contact between client and development team, my responsibilities included gathering requirements from the client and relaying it to the dev resources for implementation, tracking the status of all development/ testing/ deployment activities end to end, working with dev team and client to come up with a technical solution and putting together an agreed upon plan of action, communicating project status to client as well as internal senior management, tracking project budget and scope, and finally making sure all post deployment bugs are resolved within agreed upon SLA timeframes.  ? Used waterfall and agile practices successfully for short and long-term projects to manage projects effectively.  ? Was responsible for leading several projects that have won awards by independent third-party institutions. IT Project Manager Echo Global Logistics - Chicago, IL May 2016 to October 2017 Strategized and developed plans on how best to implement new "lean" project lifecycle methodology, IT governance model, and resource planning initiatives in Echo IT under the guidance of the current CIO.  ? Developed a strong ability to work in high stress situations, assist in identifying critical paths, and finally report progress to Business and IT Executives.  ? Successfully managed several custom code and third party software enhancements/upgrades to meet major business initiatives that were directly tied to either company revenue or critical operational activities.  ? Created long term product enhancement roadmap for Service Now Platform and developed plans for execution based on business need, customer impact, and priority.  ? Successfully managed the requirement gathering, vendor coordination and selection process for ERP implementation project.  ? Facilitated change management and coordinated activities related to internal communication, training, and support for major IT Changes to create a seamless transition.  ? Received multiple recognitions for streamlining and executing software deployments successfully while overcoming numerous challenges. Platform Release Manager/ Project Manager JP Morgan Chase - Chicago, IL November 2015 to April 2016 Lead all pre-deploy, deploy, and post deploy activities for application release inline with bank policies and procedures including optimizing and executing project plans, managing overall timeline, preparing project status reports/reporting deliverables, and resource management.  ? Successfully lead 10+ deployments in UAT, Demo, Staging, Mock, Production, and Disaster Recovery environments within business or customer approved outage window.  ? Resolved production deploy issues during releases, which involved working with tech teams to identify root cause, customer impact, and critical path in a time sensitive environment.  ? Continuously engaged various groups within the organization, from tech/business teams to Managers and VP's, in an AGILE environment, which includes onshore and offshore resources, to ensure timely delivery of platform upgrade to customers Business Systems Analyst/ Lead Project Manager SPINS LLC - Chicago, IL January 2013 to November 2015 Currently lead project manager for multiple projects including $300k+ ERP system implementation project along with million-dollar business analytics/business intelligence platform migration project  ? Managed the project from beginning to end using Waterfall SDLC Methodology that started with compiling stakeholder requirements, facilitating requirement review, documenting project design, and then finally driving the implementation of the software till completion.  ? Skilled in interviewing key business resources to document complex functional requirements, process flows, diagrams, project scope, roles and responsibilities, and project plan.  ? Successfully managed the launch of Enterprise Customer Relationship Management Software (CRM).  ? Work with software vendor consultants, Executive team members, project sponsor, subject matter experts, software engineers, and account managers to coordinate tasks and move projects forward.  ? Experienced in project reporting, solving project conflicts, renegotiating software contracts, adjusting and reconciling projects plans, and managing/tracking budget.  ? Responsible for managing software vendor relationships.  ? Practice emotional intelligence and change management throughout the organization to achieve project success. Quality Assurance Analyst/Business Analyst Intern The Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago - Chicago, IL December 2011 to August 2012 Used Selenium to create automated tests to carry out functional, regression, negative and bug testing with specific commands to highlight errors.  ? Communicated with developers and testers to identify and resolve application errors in testing environment  ? Used JIRA to log, track and resolve application errors  ? Carried out quarterly audit control activities to regulate access to softwares, servers, and applications.  Operations Analyst/ Project Coordinator Intern  ? Manually tested the usability of internal application tool and documented the results to send to the system owners.  ? Gathered change requirements to update public facing website to enhance user experience.  ? Created presentation material for department meeting with external vendors.  ? Planned and scheduled meetings including: securing meeting space, developing invitations, coordinating written material, and updating staff involved with the meeting. Corporate Academic Development Intern JP Morgan Chase - Elgin, IL June 2010 to November 2010 Focused on solution-oriented projects leveraging business process mapping and MIS expertise.  ? Worked with senior management and staff at all levels to drive approval and execution of new processes,  ? Sample projects:  - Collections Promise to Pay - Scoped and implemented new process resulting in better tracking and collection of debt.  - Oversaw (jointly with manager) large-scale initiative to synchronize data in two separate databases. The databases were not compatible and data had to be transferred via macros and manual entry.  - Created capacity plans for three Operations departments using regression analysis and other statistical techniques. The capacity plans were leveraged to gain approval for additional resources in 2011.  - Created detailed metrics and 100+ graphs in Microsoft Excel measuring multiple performance standards for end of year reporting.  - Wrote training quality handoff procedures for custom MS Access database.    Awards  * DePaul University's Dean's List (4 Quarters)  * Graduated Bachelors and Masters from DePaul University with Cum Laude honors Education Bachelors in Management Information Systems in MIS DePaul University, College of Commerce - Chicago, IL June 2011 Additional Information Languages: HTML, XHTML, Java, JavaScript, and SQL  Software: MS Office (Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access), Microsoft Access, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Visual Basic, Microsoft TFS, Microsoft SQL Server 2008, ITSM, HP Service Manager, ALM, JIRA, Confluence, Sharepoint