Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Concensus Technologies Boyers, PA Work Experience Project Manager Concensus Technologies July 2012 to Present Manage multiple IT Projects at any given time.  ? Oversee system development projects.  ? Conduct process improvement.  ? Implement industry project management standards.  ? Manage all personnel on project team.  ? Conduct status meetings with stakeholders on a regular basis.  ? Create and distribute project documentation that conforms to PMI standards. Project Engineer ITT Advanced Engineering & Sciences - Washington, DC May 2010 to July 2012 Performs telecommunications project management duties for the Telecommunications Services Team (TST) including, resource coordination, defining requirements, system design, and project lifecycle management.  ? Work closely with various stakeholders to create thorough and accurate project plans.  ? Responsible for all aspects of the project lifecycle and ensuring timely project completion.  ? Provide engineering support to FAA Program Offices for telecommunications implemented throughout the FAA Telecommunications Infrastructure (FTI) for programs such as the Traffic Flow --Management System (TFMS) and Traffic Management Advisor (TMA) - (TBFM NexGen).  ? Assist FAA Program Offices in defining security requirements for telecommunication services.  ? Develops and designs hybrid telecommunications solutions for FAA Program Offices on legacy networks such as Bandwidth Manager (BWM).  ? Interfaces with vendor and key program personnel to manage new or existing telecommunications requirements / services throughout the duration of the project.  ? Develop and create Telecommunication Program Plans (TPP) for various FAA Program Offices. Telecommunications Analyst II General Dynamics Information Technology - Annville, PA June 2007 to February 2010 Managed three Fixed Tactical Internet (FTI) networks for the Army National Guard.  ? Provide assistance to Army units in establishing network connectivity.  ? Generate and provide supported units with Communication Security (COMSEC) keys.  ? Maintain and safeguard cryptographic equipment and materials according to all US Army regulations.  ? Perform biweekly COMSEC change-overs with military units and all network devices.  ? Troubleshoot any network problems.  ? Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) for tasks related to network maintenance. IT Project Manager General Dynamics Information Technology - Arlington, VA February 2009 to January 2010 Provide project management services for the Air National Guard (ANG) at their Headquarters in Arlington, VA for various IT projects throughout United States for use on the Combat Information Transport System (CITS).  ? Act as a technical Subject Matter Expert (SME) regarding network planning and implementation  ? Provide presentations to senior ranking personnel within the Air National Guard and contractors on active projects.  ? Coordinate projects / tasks with the Combat Information Transport System Program Office (CITS PO) and the Air National Guard (ANG)  ? Serve as the primary point of contact for the Air National Guard. Team Chief / Non-Commissioned Officer US Army April 2002 to April 2006 Team Chief for Small Extension Node (SEN) and managed five people.  ? Provided Secure Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNet), Non-Secure Internet Protocol Router (NIPRNet), and voice communications to military units in combat zones.  ? Managed Communication Security (COMSEC) keys and preformed biweekly key change-overs.  ? Provided briefings and reports to senior personnel on network status, usage, and issues.  ? Ensure regular maintenance on cryptographic equipment was competed to ensure network integrity.  Certifications, Licenses, and Training:  • Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2012  • Project Management Certificate - IPS Project Management Program  Thorough experience with PM tools including, but not limited to:  • MS Office  o Word  o Excel  o Project  o Visio  o PowerPoint  o Access Education AS in Information Technology/Networking Penn State University 2008 BS in Information Technology University of Maryland University College Additional Information Over Ten years of successful experience in the Information Technology field. Experience includes hands-on management to project management of large scale networks. Self motivated professional with desire to excel and progress.