IT TEAM MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> TEAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT Executive Leadership El Dorado Springs, MO High-level technology and program leader with a background in complex project management for enterprise transformations, upgrades, and the establishment of electronic medical records systems. Track record of internal promotions in recognition of ability to deliver consistently on time and under budget results. Thought leader and key problem solver who captures savings while improving processes. Motivational cross-functional team leader and collaborative IT executive. Work Experience IT TEAM MANAGER Cedar County Memorial Hospital - El Dorado Springs, MO September 2017 to June 2019 El Dorado Springs, Missouri  Spearheaded an IT team as a strategic leader of daily operations, business planning, performance, and continuous process  improvements.  IT TEAM MANAGER (September 2017 to June 2019)  Drove reliable IT services for all hospital operations to support excellent patient care, including implementation,  configuration, and administration of Enterprise systems (servers, networks, LANs, VMware, security, Active Directory,  Endpoint Security, firewalls, and off-site backup storage). Guided assessment and implementation of new software and hardware requirements, liaised with vendors, and managed IT budgets and resources. Collaborated with senior leaders to design and implement IT policies, managed high-level troubleshooting and repairs, and continuous process  improvements.  • Successfully reduced purchase costs by $300k during negotiations of additional third party services and equipment for the implementation of a new Electronic Medical Record system.  • Specially appointed as the HIPAA Security Officer and Data Protection Officer in charge of aligning IT operations  with high-profile data and patient privacy standards. SENIOR PROJECT MANAGER DISYS - Houston, TX February 2013 to April 2016 February 2013 to April 2016)  Oversaw recruiting and training of Project Managers and team leaders, analyzed and reported on project resources and budgets, and led a project pipeline of 91 projects per period. Oversaw multiple major initiatives for ExxonMobil (End  User Move Program), Alcon Japan (Windows 7 Upgrade and Desktop/Laptop Refresh Project).  • Established and led a strong and efficient Project Team capable of regularly meeting customer goals in alignment with organizational objectives.  • Systematically reduced expenditures by $300-$400k through the redesign of the project Resource Plan  throughout the first year of implementation.  • Managed a zero lost time accident record in a hazardous construction site project by exceeding client safety  expectations.    ~    • Conceptualized and recommended a comprehensive overhaul of Managed Services offerings, eliminating an average of $100k in losses per month. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Amerigroup - Virginia Beach, VA April 2012 to December 2012 Virginia Beach, Virginia  Drove outstanding results as a member of the Infrastructure Services Team in charge of implementing a new Enterprise  Content Management (ECM) system and overhaul of the corporate shared drive.  SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER (April 2012 to December 2012)  Led technology presentations and user interviews, developed project plans, managed budgets and resource allocation, and assessed overall project requirements. Analyzed remediation solutions of Big Data across corporate shared file  system, including backup and recovery solutions development and implementation.  • Successfully created and presented comprehensive findings regarding analysis and findings for improved  Electronic Records Management and reduction of overall storage requirements. PROJECT MANAGER II Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida - Jacksonville, FL August 2011 to February 2012 Jacksonville, Florida  Led implementations of cutting-edge technologies as a member of the Microsoft Implementation Team in charge of transformative initiatives.  PROJECT MANAGER II (August 2011 to February 2012)  Guided multiple enterprise transformations, including MS SharePoint MMS, enterprise taxonomy and ECM, BCBSFL  Executive Collaboration Site, and WAND DataFacet for automatic tagging in SharePoint. Managed improvements to electronic medical records management and privacy/risk reduction.  • Championed end-to-end management of MS SharePoint 2010 Records Center establishment, improving overall  electronic medical records management capacity and risk mitigation. Education High school or equivalent Skills Active directory (1 year), Asset management (Less than 1 year), Disaster recovery (Less than 1 year), firewall (Less than 1 year), Lan (Less than 1 year), medical records (Less than 1 year), Microsoft access (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft project (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Problem solving (Less than 1 year), Project management (Less than 1 year), Regulatory compliance (Less than 1 year), security (1 year), Technical services (Less than 1 year), wireless (Less than 1 year), wireless lan (Less than 1 year), Wordperfect (Less than 1 year) Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/davidbozarth Additional Information Highlights of Expertise  • IT Team and Program Leadership • Technical Services Solution Design  • Enterprise and Business Transformations • Partnership and Stakeholder Relationships  • End-to-End Project Management • Electronic Medical Records Systems  • Design Thinking and Creative Problem Solving • Data Privacy and Regulatory Compliance  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership • Presentations and Public Speaking    Technical Proficiencies:  Windows, Desktops/Laptops, Endpoint Security, Disaster Recovery, Asset Management, Servers, LAN, wireless LAN,  firewall, Active Directory, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Access, WordPerfect Suite.