IT Business/Implementation Analyst V <span class="hl">IT</span> Business/Implementation Analyst V IT Business/Implementation Analyst V - Bank of America Charlotte, NC To acquire a position where my education and professional experience will contribute positively to the organization's mission utilizing strong technical, business, and interpersonal skills. Work Experience IT Business/Implementation Analyst V Bank of America May 2019 to Present • Engage with the Business and Technology team to assist in all phases of onboarding for features in scope which include, but is not limited to, UI layouts, documenting requirements and current manual processes for Business and Technology, and user acceptance testing (UAT).  • Facilitate and kick off Production for business which entails uploading thousands of scenarios (variables) to the ESG (Economic Scenario Generation) database, executing SQL queries on the different layer(s), MEV Shared Layer, and databases, ESG and EVER, to ensure that the data has been successfully uploaded and/or manipulated.  • Ensure that Business has 100% accuracy of model input data that is automatically sourced by the Technology team.  • Lead UAT for team (after PROD) by trying to break the ESG database by uploading different datasets to the database and running several simple to complex scenarios that test the integrity of the DB and that rules/constraints are being correctly applied.  • Successfully on-boarded the current manual processes within scenario generation by adopting the components of the GRA platform and leveraging/expanding the capabilities of the existing database within SGT that houses both model inputs and model outputs. This resulted in improved data controls, data management workflow, approvals and visualizations, which overall enhanced the control environment and the efficiency of the ESG process.  • Compile and manipulate R-code that govern a variety of checks on the database, in both PROD and UAT that checked for the horizon of variables, missing variables, missing scenarios, nulls, duplicates and extra variables in the database; and produce several reports such as cultivating graphs to analyze the magnitude of history revision. Consumer Business Analyst Ally Financial May 2018 to January 2019 Decompose as-is processes (including mapping to multiple systems, inputs, outputs and integration  points)  • Gather and document requirements in multiple process areas and disciplines in the Commercial Auto  Finance arena including business process, controls, system conversion, data conversion, analytics and reporting  • Determine how current functionality, business rules and controls will map and be configured in the new  system; identify opportunities to simplify and streamline existing processes and controls, leveraging go forward software  • Leverage internal and external best practice and benchmark data to drive productive and appropriate  process changes that will simplify process, support ease of business, and improve controls  • Work with various internal and external IT partners to define best solutions for future-state Operations  ensuring solution is flexible and accommodating to future innovation and growth strategies  • Develop and execute thorough project, change management, and test plans and aid in the closure of gaps and defects  • Support a successful proof of concept for a key process area in the new system  • Aid in change management and acceptance, including communication and training IT Business Analyst IV/Technical Writer Bank of America July 2017 to January 2018 Business Challenge: Bank of America's GIS organization has been tasked with taking over 900,000 current entitlements within their Access and Provisioning teams for review and is now responsible rewriting the complete documentation from the current process flows so that it will create user friendly stories of what the process is for the application entitlement.    • Helps capture and document the data feeds, 900,000+ that are being pulled by the Global Information Security (GIS) teams at Bank of America (BOA).  • Supports a large work load of 5,000 to 8,000 descriptions that need to be reviewed and tailored to read on a user friendly level as the first phase    • Puts the newly created and user friendly information into a proprietary database used by the bank and document the information in more laymen terms and make it easy to understand.  • Creates and presents graphical technical presentations utilizing MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Publisher, Photoshop, and many other graphing software.  • Uses procedural writing to create standard process flows, standard operating procedures, and simple to complex diagrams to map out and define measures in Visio and other graphing software.  • Composes and/or manages moderately complex web content and documentation for Global Information Security (GIS) division at BOA via SharePoint.  • Uses BOA propriety database to create scripts and queries to define, gather, and relinquish information pertaining to entitlements/permissions and their owners.  • Utilizes several of BOA resources and others such as RODB, ToolKit UI, ARM, BOA entire company database, and several other applications to congregate all of necessary data per inquiry.  • Hosted virtual desktop trainings and demo events utilizing Webex/Citrix applications  • Rewrites technical documentation sent from a team of developers into layman's terms for global staff use.  • Utilized Office 365 for email and social networking services through hosted versions of Exchange Server, Skype (LYNC), SharePoint, Office Online, and other applications within the suite.  • Actively participated in project meetings and discussions Technical Writer/ Project Coordinator/Analyst Wells Fargo May 2016 to July 2017 • Drafts, edits and formats moderately complex-to-complex technical manuals, projects and/or other technical documentation.  • Composes and/or manages moderately complex web content and documentation for the Business Technology Solutions Center in Wholesale and International Business Solutions via SharePoint.  • Researches, analyzes and translates technical information for technical and non-technical users by responding to phone calls, emails, and scheduling meetings for any and all requests.  • Gathered business needs and document requirements for technical team  • Worked with technical/development teams to develop technical and methodological requirements and solutions.  • Designed and executed integrated (business, functional and technical) test planning, identifying and defining application requirements.  • Assisted users for user acceptance testing (UAT) with launching the 'revamped' SharePoint website for the Business Technology Solutions Center (BTSC) in Wholesale and International Business Solutions LOB.  • Conducted end-to-end integration testing and assured software (document repository) delivered met requirements and expectations  • Hosted virtual desktop trainings and demo events utilizing Webex/Citrix applications  • Utilizes knowledge of HTML, JavaScript languages and other web-based tools to build framesets, menus, search engines and/or glossaries for websites.  • Authors original content from information supplied by others or gathered directly and provides weekly & monthly reporting to leadership pertaining to current quality results and documentation/ project progression.  • Conducts audience analysis for moderately complex-to-complex problems and projects.  • Edits technical documentation authored by others and ensures documentation is in compliance with internal standards and external regulations.  • Participates in establishing documentation guidelines by working with managers, supervisors, consultants, and analysts to sustain and surpass quality standards through evaluation and configuration.  • Creates and presents graphical technical presentations utilizing MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Publisher, Photoshop, and many other graphing software.  • Provides guidance to less experienced technical writers: 4+ years technical documentation and publication experience. IT Coordinator/Consultant Intelligent Buildings December 2015 to April 2016 Basis of IT Consulting/Coordinator role: working in partnership with clients, advising them how to use information technology in order to meet their business objectives or overcome problems and working to improve the structure and efficiency of IT systems in various organizations. Utilized skills in data analysis, vendor relations, personnel management, project planning while working with all levels of staff.    • Worked with Wells Fargo (WF), Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), and CBRE conducting cyber security auditing for 10,000+ ATMs, retail, and administrative WF sites around the country.  • Traveled to 250+ WF in California, North and South Carolina collecting and recording data in relation to the government regulatory project per WF, Inventory Technology Asset Management (ITAM).  • Authored original content from information supplied by WF site visit analysis and data gathered prior to site visits by other clients & colleagues to explain what is in/out of scope.  • Created, edited, and formatted technical documentation at the end of each WF site visit that explained my analysis and findings in relation to the networks and IP addressable technologies.  • Gathered requirements and other pertinent information in relation to each WF site. Provided comprehensive and extensive reports on each sites technologies and network statistics in accordance with the project scope.  • Create, design, and format requirement specification documentation including process flows, and other information or processes needed to describe required system changes for development and QA.  • Uses procedural writing to create standard process flows, standard operating procedures, and simple to complex diagrams to map out and define measures in Visio and other graphing software.  • Tracked and managed defects along with analyzing data and provided reports.  • Manages Atlassian Confluence/Jira environments, Implement/Deploy software upgrade (Jira version upgrades and plug-ins) to various environments and support post implementation.  • Researched, analyzed and translated technical cyber security information for technical and non-technical users (business-focused clients).  • Creates and presents graphical technical presentations utilizing MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Publisher, Photoshop, and many other graphing software.  • Worked with user groups to provide training, resolve questions, assess user needs and recommend changes to the automated and cyber security systems.  • Recorded the cyber security data in workbooks (Excel); reconciled, compared, and contrasted the initial workbook information with the audited (QA/QC) statistics accumulated from the WF sites.  • Regulated and organized project duties to appropriate personnel and was the direct liaison between technology and business.  • Coordinated and monitored projects to ensure goals are achieved on time and within budget.  • Edited technical documentation illustrated by others and verified documentation is in compliance with cyber security standards set by government regulations and WF intranet.  • Constructed and conducted data quality assurance testing and maintained a lucrative database of all IP addressable and networkable technologies on OneNet (WF intranet).  • Documented detailed test cases while working in an Agile software development cycle Production Specialist Huseby, INC April 2015 to December 2015 • Produce and deliver legal transcripts to Huseby national clients and answering client email and phone calls.  • Plan and manage production activities based on customer job orders.  • Provide technical assistance to team members in their assigned job duties and potential/current clients.    • Delivered seminars to lines of business via internal application HuesbyConnect(TM)  • Hosted training events and held one on one demonstrations for high end clientele  • Performed UAT (User Acceptance Testing) for clients' environments after setting it up accordingly to the specifications and requirements requested.  • Perform root cause analysis of production issues and provide corrective act  • Monitor and manage on-going workflow to ensure timely delivery. IT Project Manager Encrypted Labs, INC July 2015 to October 2015 • Planning, organizing and delineating responsibility for the completion of an organizations' specific information technology ( IT) goals.  • Overseeing projects for software development, hardware installations, network upgrades, cloud computing and virtualization rollouts, business analytics and data management projects and implementing IT services.  • Uses procedural writing to create standard process flows, standard operating procedures, and simple to complex diagrams to map out and define measures in Visio and other graphing software.  • Provides technical assistance in identifying and evaluating automated systems and related procedures that are cost effective and meet business requirements.  • Creates and presents graphical technical presentations utilizing MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Publisher, Photoshop, and many other graphing software. IT Project Manager/Customer Service Happiness Agent FastFollowerz December 2014 to February 2015 Temp)  • Utilizes multiple CRM platforms (WHMCS, MCC, Helpscout) to organize, automate and synchronize sales, marketing, customer service, and technical support for FastFollowerz and its corresponding acquaintances.  • Exploited knowledge of web-based languages (HTML, JavaScript languages and other web-based tools) to build and explicitly explain framesets, menus, search engines and/or glossaries for CRM platforms, websites, and content from a user's perspective.  • Use email/support ticketing systems and other "peripheral" telecommunication software (Skype, Slack, Jira/Confluence) to quickly respond to clients' inquiries and efficiently inform my team of any pertinent information.  • Creates and presents graphical technical presentations utilizing MS PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, Publisher, Photoshop, and many other graphing software.  • Accepts, processes, manages, and terminates orders based upon their specific type of service ordered (Twitter, Facebook, Vine, Instagram, Soundcloud).  • Uses Search Engine Optimization (SEO) to generate traffic to the website and gain/retain potential clients. Client Services Support Specialist August 2014 to December 2014 • Use ON24's virtual product suite to set up webcast and virtual event elements such as registration pages, emails, content, locations, surveys, archives and other event elements  • Coordinate with Event Managers to manage the delivery of key event related elements  • Perform event related tasks, such as conference bridge scheduling, work order processing, data input, answering event audience member inquiries, location design edits and custom reports generation  • Work in a client facing capacity to provide live webcast & virtual show monitoring and platform trainings  • Perform other webcast and virtual event related activities as necessary using HTML, CSS and javascript. IT & Marketing Specialist/Coordinator Grand Estates Auction June 2014 to August 2014 Temp)  • Create, develop and manage content for organization's web presence (requires working with content management software such as Wordpress, VerticalResponse, Hubspot, and many more platforms) using HTML, CSS and javascript.  • Maintain a consistent look and feel throughout all web properties  • Keep current with emerging web technologies through relevant blogs, listservs, and events (utilizing Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and several other social media platforms).  • Developed reports, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity for Salesforce.  • Onsite point of contact for Salesforce for the inside team.  • Managed the database for the team's regions and performed basic administration, de-duping and cleanup procedures. Ensured data integrity through the appropriate use of de-duping, loading and exporting tools, for bulk of data using Data Loader, Admin Garage and Lexi Loader. IT Specialist Intelligent Buildings September 2013 to August 2014 • Supports 30+ end-users in various cities for a multi-million dollar corporation by troubleshooting Macintosh, Windows, and mobile devices.  • Assists staff with the installation, configuration, and ongoing usability of desktop/laptop computers, peripheral equipment and software within established standards and guidelines.  • Trains and orients staff on use of hardware and software.  • Uses Jira (Version 1) and confluence to keep an online repository of the company's information. This allows colleagues and customers to have access to the wide range of company documentation and aids in supporting users.  • Interacts with numerous computer platforms in a multi-layered client server environment. Ensures desktop/laptop computers interconnect seamlessly with diverse systems including associated validation systems, file servers, email servers, computer conferencing systems, application servers, and administrative systems.  • Maintains and updates company website using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Payroll Specialist Corporate Payroll Services February 2013 to August 2013 • Processed payrolls efficiently and accurately on a daily basis, as well as providing customer service to clients.  • Prioritized and handled multiple tasks, worked in a time critical environment, and most importantly, was a team player.  • Utilized excellent typing and data entry skills as well as basic math and comparison skills. Computer Technician/Sales Associate NinerTech Computer Store (UNCC) April 2012 to January 2013 • Received an Apple Certification for being a MAC technician and sales associate.  • Provided superior customer service skills to clients inquiring about MAC computer products/accessories, WINDOWS based computers (Dell/HP/Lenovo), and presented keen knowledge of the point of sale systems.  • Repaired MAC and WINDOWS computers, software and hardware related. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC December 2013 Bachelor Of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Norfolk State University - Norfolk, VA May 2011 Skills Software engineering, C++, Computer programming, Html, Javascript, Data analysis, Database, Sql, Jira, Uat, Css, Sharepoint, Cisco, Tcp/ip, Lan/wan, Tcp, Mobile devices, Unix, Unix/c, Matlab Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  C, C++, Java, MATLAB, SQL Adobe Photoshop, Paint Shop Pro TCP/IP/LAN/WAN/Mobile Devices  CSS, HTML, Javascript, Wordpress, Cisco Technologies, Data Analysis & Management, MS Office/Office 365, Skype, Virtual Desktop, Sharepoint, Windows & Mac Operating Systems, Video/Sound Editing (Multimedia) Jira Administration (Version 1), Confluence, Hubspot, Salesforce, VerticalResponse, Helpscout, Google Analytics, WHMCS, Digital Marketing (social media - Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Google+, Linkedin), User Acceptance Testing (UAT)    KEY COURSES: Information Visualization (Grad), Software Design and Implementation (Grad), Database Principles & Design, Data Communication, Computer Network Defense, Operating Systems, Survey of Programming Languages, Software Engineering, Computer Architecture, Java Programming, Unix/C Programming, Computer Organization & Assembly, Computer Programming I & II