IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT/Marketing Manager - ZOI SOLAR Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager ZOI Solar - Kyle, TX May 2019 to Present DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST GuruMD - Austin, TX 2017 to Present Create video content for the CEO/Founder to send out for potential employer contracts as well as boost online/social media presence.  • Created social media profiles.  • Captured picture and video content.  • Enhanced website to be more user-friendly with better navigation and easier access to information. VIDEOGRAPHER/PHOTOGRAPHER/EDITOR Freelance/Self employed - Austin, TX 2016 to Present Sole videographer/photographer and editor for weddings, promo videos for bands and businesses, headshots, etc.  • See portfolio for relevant work. PROJECT MANAGER/DIGITAL MEDIA SPECIALIST Southern Star Farms - San Marcos, TX 2012 to Present Recruited to spread knowledge and improve marketing strategies for the commercial aquaponics facility.  ? Educated community organizers, city councils, schools and residential neighborhoods on the benefits of regenerative growing methods.  ? Created the webpage and captured all the photos and videos within it.  ? Content creation for social media.  ? Built greenhouses, aquaponic systems, indoor grow rooms, chicken coops, ground gardens, etc.  ? Assisted in building a commercial kitchen from framing, insulation and sheetrock.  ? Land clearing, landscaping and ground maintenance.  ? Fence repair and maintenance. PROJECT MANAGER Foundation Innovation, LLC - Buda, TX June 2018 to January 2019 Ensure the successful execution of a multitude of tasks and projects within a small business.  ? Website development and management (internally and for our clients).  ? Social media marketing to include photography and videography.  ? Organized conferences for 50+ attendees to include speaker recruitment, advertising, print material design, venue and catering, registering attendees, filming and photographing, designing and displaying presentations, etc.  ? Researched data for potential clients, trends and new technology for education foundations. DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST Elite Realty Advisors - Kyle, TX 2017 to 2018 Film, edit, produce commercials and ads, film virtual tours of real estate property, online content creation.  • Elite Realty's YouTube channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBmAUR1irbEnKnDeDia_gAA PROJECT MANAGER Edlio - Austin, TX 2016 to 2017 Responsible for the overall planning, execution, and closure of projects for hundreds of websites.  ? Liaison between the clients and the designers/programmers.  ? Assisted clients in creating websites best suited for their specific needs.  ? Detected unstated assumptions and resolved conflicts.  ? Excellent organizational, prioritization, and multitasking skills.  ? Proficient in JIRA and Atlassian. PROJECT COORDINATOR Scott & White Healthcare - Georgetown, TX 2013 to 2014 Recruited to assist the Project Manager with any and all tasks at hand.  ? Attended client meetings and assisted with determination of project requirements.  ? Conducted site meetings and distributed minutes to all project members.  ? Tracked the progress and quality of work being performed by all involved.  ? Reviewed contractors' quotes for budgetary purposes.  ? Effectively and accurately communicated relevant project information to the client and project team.  ? Ensured clients' needs were met in a timely and cost-effective manner.  ? Communicated ideas for improving company processes.  ? Kept the PM and others informed about project status and issues that may impact client relations.  ? Began and completed an on-site health program for a large, energy-holding company that would allow for hundreds of mine/plant operators to have access to health treatment at their work sites.  ? Kept clients informed with updates throughout the duration of the project. Education BACHELOR'S DEGREE Texas State University 2008 to 2013 High school Bastrop High School 2003 to 2007 Skills Adobe Photoshop (2 years), Android (5 years), JIRA (1 year), Social media marketing (4 years), Project Management (6 years) Additional Information Skills/Proficiencies  Videography, video editing, social media marketing, website development, event planning, project management.  JIRA, Atlassian, Final Cut Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Lightroom, Google Analytics/Docs, Microsoft Office Programs, iOS and Android app services.