Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Cincinnati, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Fifth Third Bank - Cincinnati, OH December 2018 to June 2019 • Ran a large-scale IT project which involved upgrading over 40,000 PCs to windows 10 and regularly reporting to the SVP.  • Assisted in coordinating the MB financial conversion to Fifth Third, working closely with multiple teams to ensure every MB financial employee was set up and ready before the conversion weekend deadline.  • Worked with System Engineers when gathering needed data to present in excel.  • Re-worked the old inventory structure, ensuring that all equipment would be accounted for, and finding many old unused PCs/licenses which we asset tagged to place in the new SCCM environment. Project Manager Datafield - Dublin, OH February 2015 to November 2018 • Ensure the best resource choice and availability for any new client teams, or new requirements in existing clients within outsourcing methods.  • Support project management teams in resource allocation and production planning for existing customer team requirements.  • Maintain relationships with resource base through regular interaction via a variety of communication channels and act as their escalation point for all issues.  • Monitor service quality and development of vendors, taking appropriate action when necessary and ensuring follow up and resolution of any necessary action plans or issues.  • Manage, lead, and direct team members (Vendor Coordinator) and others as assigned.  • Provide recommendations on competitive bench marking of resources in a variety of products, industry verticals, specialties and language combinations. IT Analyst Lead OSIS - Mason, OH February 2013 to January 2015 • Performed management of analysts and support personnel on the team.  • Managed network and technical issues to ease workflow through NextGen software.  • Consulted with director and multiple team leaders to ensure high priority tickets were resolved.  • Managed and created Active Directory groups and profiles while following proper procedure.  • Worked with, DBA, Network engineer, or Systems engineer when needed to ensure ticket completion.  • Monitored servers to ensure 99% uptime and worked with required teams to resolve any issues found.  • Windows Server administration and maintenance including Active Directory and Group Policy.  • Installed and managed Sophos email/web appliances. IT Service Desk Tier II NSC GLOBAL - Mason, OH January 2011 to January 2013 • Managed ticketing system distributing tickets to Tier I and assuring timely completion.  • Diagnosed end-user system or network related issues for multiple clients.  • Managed Active Directory to create and update user network profiles, reset passwords, and unlock accounts.  • Assisted Tier I with escalated high priority tickets to ensure it was resolved in a timely manner.  • Handled PC and mobile support for Microsoft Outlook setup, migration and troubleshooting.  • Resolved widespread network related issues such as outages or circuit over-utilization. Education BA in Business Administration Miami Oxford - Oxford, OH August 2009 to May 2015 Skills PM, Agile Scrum, Project Management, Waterfall, Restoration, Active Directory (7 years), Microsoft Office (7 years), DHCP (7 years), TCP/IP (7 years), VPN (7 years), VMware (7 years), NextGen (7 years), PowerShell (7 years), Citrix, SCCM, Encryption, Network Administration, Information Security, Sophos, OSI Model, Quality Assurance, Risk Management Techniques, Resource Management, Scrum Master, Microsoft Project, Estimating Certifications/Licenses Network+ CompTIA A+ CAPM November 2017 to November 2022 CSM November 2018 to November 2022 A valid IT Specialist certification