Sr. Project Manager (Contractor) Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Contractor) Sr. Project and Operations Managment Professional, MBA, PMP, CSM Ballwin, MO An experienced project management professional able to lead cross-functional teams with tight schedules and budgets. A highly skilled leader able to manage large cross functional projects comprising software implementation, process improvement, and logistics. An excellent communicator skilled in conflict resolution and negotiation while creating an environment of teamwork and collaboration. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager (Contractor) Spectrum Communications - St. Louis, MO May 2019 to August 2019 • Managed the implementation of IT infrastructure and telecommunications for new and remodeled retail locations.  • Twenty seven concurrent projects  • Projects comprised: construction of fiber optic and coaxial cable to site, server room set up (rack and stack), installation of POS, Wi-Fi, and telephony, network turn up, testing and quality assurance. IT Project Manager (Contractor) Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District - St. Louis, MO September 2018 to March 2019 • Employed agile methodologies to deliver features, enhancements, and fixes within the Oracle Enterprise Business Suite and other integrated systems including Hyperion, Maximo, and Neo Gov.  • Supervised four Business Analysts and a varying team of developers both on and off site.  • Supported the Finance and Human Resources organizations comprising over 90 business users.  • This is a contract position and I am leaving due to a reduction in force. Consultant/ Project Manager Independent Contactor - St. Louis, MO February 2016 to September 2018 Acted as management consultant to a private investment group bringing portable solar power generation products to the Hawaiian islands. Areas of focus were supply chain strategy, capacity planning, technology education, and manufacturing processes.    Managed the launch of a retail operation providing 3D printed products to patrons of The Ark Experience. This included the installation and configuration of a large 3D scanner, design of the retail space, training the staff, quality control, and resolution of all issues related to the launch. Sr. Project Manager Joyce Meyer Ministries - Fenton, MO August 2015 to February 2016 https://www.joycemeyer.org/    Managed the implementation of Donor Direct, Studio Enterprise ERP comprising:    • Building the project team • Quality assurance and • Data migration with 15  control points of integration  • Facilitation of meetings with all levels of • System training and • Administration of all  management administration statements of work Operations Manager American Energy Backup - O'Fallon, MO March 2013 to August 2015 http://americanenergybackup.com/    • Managed all manufacturing and warehouse activities including production, procurement, supply chain, logistics, quality control, training, safety, and inventory management    • Managed all product development activities for new and current markets including design, prototyping, testing, production, and documentation    • Negotiated and administered all contracts with vendors and distributors Project Manager Landis+Gyr, North America May 2012 to March 2013 http://www.landisgyr.com/    • Managed a portfolio of concurrent projects for energy utilities valued at approximately  ten million dollars in annual revenue    o Projects comprised the deployment of extensive AMI networks over large geographical  areas, software integration, and the management of large and diverse project teams    • Served as department subject matter expert (SME) on the company's Order to Acceptance (OTA)  procedures.    o Assisted the Project Management Office (PMO) in the development of best practices,  procedure documents, and work instructions in accordance with ISO 9000 certification Supervisor, Data Analysis Landis+Gyr, North America February 2011 to May 2012 http://www.landisgyr.com/    • Managed three supervisors, thirteen RF Technicians, and six Database Analysts    • Over a 12 month period, began and completed multiple quality and process  improvement projects that resulted in a combined cost savings of over $1.2 million  annually    • Administered procurement contracts with installation service providers to ensure that work was  completed on time and on budget    o Collected performance data and created metrics to identify out of control  processes    • Managed development of system requirements, request for proposal (RFP), and vendor selection for third party software development.    • Managed testing, validation, and pilot of software applications comprising, meter data analytics,  database upgrades, and mobile devices resulting in savings of $120K each year thereafter Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Oregon 2009 Master of Accounting in Accounting University of Oregon 2009 Skills Lean Six Sigma (4 years), Lean Manufacturing (3 years), Project Management (7 years), Public Speaking (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Microsoft Project (5 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years), Account Management (2 years), Implementation (3 years), Process Improvement (5 years), Product Development (3 years), Management (6 years), Visio (2 years), Documentation (6 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Word (10+ years), Minitab (Less than 1 year), Training & Development (3 years), Contract Negotiation (2 years), Conflict Resolution (10+ years), Written Communication (10+ years), Budgeting (8 years), Budget Management (8 years), Financial Analysis (4 years), Accounting (4 years), Expense Reports (5 years), Agile (Less than 1 year), Software Development (Less than 1 year), Outlook, budget Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E4 February 1998 to November 2001 Signals Intelligence Analyst, Arabic Linguist, and Paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division Commendations: Graduated with Honors from the Defense Language Institute Foreign Language Center Certifications/Licenses PMP October 2012 to October 2021 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2019 to June 2021 Realtor March 2019 to September 2020 Licensed real estate agent in the state of Missouri.