Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - HASBRO INC Rhode Island, TX Jagadeesan has over 18 years of experience in various industrial sectors in the field of Information Technology playing various roles that include managing IT / ITES related projects & programs of types: -    Re-engineering / Migration  Infra-Structure / Cloud Computing,  Application-Development-Maintenance & Support (ADMS)  Product / Competency building  Enterprise Integration / Business Development  Transition / Acquisition    Dynamic and efficient management professional with extensive experience in EDI and handled various Web/Mobile application based collaborative and publishing environment using PMI life cycle process and Agile methodology in the areas of: -    Networks Technology Entertainment/Media Semi-Conductor  Energy & Utilities Manufacturing / Retail Oil & Gas  SCM/Transportation Banking, Financial Services HealthCare.  Telecommunication/Mobility Ecommerce/Payments Product Engineering & Analysis    Versatile team player, organizational and operational skills with a proven ability to handle multiple tasks and projects using IT project life cycle through SDLC process with proven ability to deliver high quality IT products and services on-schedule and under or on-budget. Well developed problem solving skills including conceptual and analytical ability with excellent interpersonal skills in: -    Communication Leadership Change / Decision Making  Client relationship Team Mentoring Solution Selling  Negotiation Presentation Conflict Managing    Extensive experience working on Sterling Integrator, OSB, Oracle B2B(Edifecs), Oracle BPEL, Oracle Web Services Manager, Oracle BAM and Oracle SOA Suite 10/11g, WDI, WTX, EDI ANSI X12 , EDIFACT, HIPAA, Rosettanet formats, TIBCO, JAVA, J2EE also in managing IT Infrastructure implementation for fortune clients with Cloud Computing technologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager HASBRO INC - Pawtucket, RI June 2016 to Present Initiating, planning, scheduling, executing and mitigating vulnerability and assessing scans in accordance with direction from the Director of Vulnerability Management and IT infrastructure.  • Establishing a structured approach for addressing vulnerabilities and to create a shared understanding of which vulnerabilities are going to be addressed, when they will be addressed and how they will be addressed by required steps:  ? Calculate Risk  ? Determine Level of Effort  ? Establish Standards  ? Schedule for Remediation  ? Manage, Lead and Coordinate the activities of vulnerability and mitigation  • Working with internal business units to drive vulnerability remediation process across organization.  • Preparing remediation solution documentation for Vulnerability fixes.  • Developing and device Vulnerability Remediation Workflow process.  • Create, coordinate change management processes and participate in change control process  • Coordinate with Server Security and Engineering in the completion of vulnerability risks.  • Communicate and work effectively with all facets of the corporation along with expertise in communicating with Management. IT Project Manager SYMANTEC - Mountain View, CA September 2015 to June 2016 DocuWare Application Migration & Decommissioning  • Managing the Data migration tasks in 4 locations - Tucson, AZ | Springfield, OR | Dublin, Ireland | Singapore.  • Onboarding the IT-Vendor and coordinating with them on completion of DocuWare tasks.  • Device solution for the Data transportation and approaches to minimize the timeline & cost.  • Decommission activities and process initiation, execution and completion.  • Managing the new infrastructure build and setup for application/data migration  ? ESS Network Integration to Corporate Network  • Educating and mentoring the team to come up with Feasibility Study report.  • Concept phase execution and completion.  • Prepare Cost estimation report for proposal submission to the PMO committee.  ? DNS NTP Migration  • Device cutover approaches for 10,000 servers across Symantec Globally.  • Collaborate application owners against each DNS servers that they own.  • Provided analysis approaches to minimize the decommissioned or Non-responding servers.  • Planning cutover region-wise across the globe segregating them by Environments.  • Post Production verification testing plan and executed successful cutover in multiple-windows.  ? Mobility Management.  • Initiated, Planned and executed entire new system for Mobility Management Enterprise application.  • Built new Virtual Lan system for the entire Production & Test Linux Virtual Machines.  • Organized Complete security scanning and remediation for identified vulnerabilities.  ? Patch Management.  • Planned and executed WSUS server build and deployed.  • Worked with Microsoft Window services team to integrate the Patch Management servers.  • Hosting of new WSUS in two locations in Tucson, AZ & Dublin, Ireland. B2B Manager CISCO SYSTEMS Inc - San Jose, CA April 2015 to August 2015 Following up on CISCO Process and Release Management activities.  • New requirements gathering from other Tracks like, I2C, OM.  • Oracle I2C, OM, Inventory Management with TIBCO integration testing  • Working with trading partners to setup testcases for EDI 810, 823, 845, 820, 996 , EDIFACTS- INVOIC, REMADV, APREK.  • Testing PIPs for 3B2 ASN, 3B3, 4B2, 3B18  • On-boarding & testing new trading partner profile in B2B system & in E2Open.  • Specbuilder Mapping specifications & Testing.  • PIP Mappings for all message formats using XSD, XSLT and with GLOG XML.  • Executing new Test plan, execution, implementation & support.  • Performance improvement tasks on the Post production verification testing.  • Testing for B2B re-architecture, bug fixing & fine tuning.  • Test Data setup in Oracle EBS suite and new configuration for Order Management workflow.  • Creating & publishing User Acceptance Scripts  • Issue tracking and status reporting B2B Architect GOOGLE Inc - Mountain View, CA December 2013 to March 2015 Work with Google Partner's across the globe & Business Users to gather requirements end-end.  • Ensure and understanding of Google's Enterprise application that integrated with B2B Application for the specific requirements.  • Creating gap analytical report based on Google's Middleware (Oracle SOA) capabilities that are integrated with ERP and related applications.  • Create Business Requirement Document (BRD) and responsible of getting sign-off from BU & Google Partner's.  • Formulating on-boarding documentation and establishing partner communications.  • Creating Functional Design Document and executing them for development.  • Preparing Google's EDI Standard Specification (Specbuilder) according to the requirement and run through with Google partner's.  • Extensively worked on the Supply chain, Demand Forcast, Inventory reporting and financial EDI transactions Mapping (Xengine) used in Fulfillment Industry like 810, 820, 824, 832, 846, 850, 855, 856, 860, 865, 867, 940, 945, 997 in X12 , D97A, D96A EDIFACTs of ORDER, INVOIC, DESADV etc..and Rosettanet (RNIF) Standards like 3A4, 3B2, 3B13, 3B18, 4B2, 7B5, 7B6 etc..  • Work/setup with Oracle Demand-Supply & OM Fulfillments and ensure the Shipping to 3PL completes for given Partner.  • Product Manufacturing - handling sequence of Jobs, Schedule and BOM requirements in OM lifecycle thru EDI process.to CM/Supplier.  • Designing Specbuilder Canonical fields and schema representation for a business document based on requirements.  • Creating B2B Data Dictionary for a specific business documents such as Google's PO, Invoice, ASN etc..  • Prompt in delivering and cost effective EDI solutions with specialization in Oracle B2B Products  • Maintain client management by delivering quality work products within SLA and within ADR (Acceptable Defect Rate)  • Oracle EBS setups for OM workflow and invoicing for testing, troubleshooting.  • Strong experience in collecting EDI requirements from clients, creating business analysis documents, designing solutions, developing solutions, testing, enhancing and maintaining EDI applications  • Defining out of box solutions for enhancement, migrating and upgrading EDI applications in cost effective manner  • Assess future demands and risks of the project and take strategic decisions to mitigate the risks.  • Overall, creating processes for finding out delayed/missing PO, Invoice, ASN and mitigate business impact. IT Project Manager CISCO System Inc - San Jose, CA June 2013 to December 2013 Following up on CISCO Process and Release Management activities.  • New requirements gathering from other Tracks like Plan, Make, OM.  • Working with trading partners to setup PIPs for 3B2 ASN, 3B3, 4B2, 3B18  • On-boarding new trading partner profile in B2B system & in E2Open.  • PIP Mappings for all message formats using XSD, XSLT and with GLOG XML.  • Executing new project design, development, implementation & support.  • Migrating the TIBCO process to OSB.  • Implementation of DirectXML functionality in TIBCO.  • Performance improvement tasks on the production.  • Trading partner setup and profile creation.  • B2B re-architecture, bug fixing & fine tuning.  • Onsite/Offshore management. Project Manager Integrations @ National Australia Bank - Melbourne VIC July 2012 to May 2013 Due Diligence study on the Sterling Integrator product from IBM product management team  • Regulate upgradation of SI 4.5 to SI 5.1 among NAB IT stakeholders.  • Plan, Build, Migrate, Test and release product implementation to NAB IT  • Engaging business partners, trading partners and VAN providers for BAT and TTO handover.  • Feasibility analysis on the new requirements from business banking.  • Executing new project design, development, implementation & support.  • Business process and transformation  • File adapter and Payload managing techniques  • Process improvements on the determined deviation in NAB's Process Life Cycle.  • B2B Framework bug fixing & fine tuning.  • Develop, execute regression test suite.  • Re-modeling the testing strategy per B2B limitations.  • Study process of NAB's delivery method and Release Management timelines.  • Cataloging the services and formulated the delivery model  • Benefit analysis on outsourcing the work-request execution & delivery.    Completed Projects of 1998 - 2012    • Worked in Managerial & Leadership roles for major fortune clients like Chevron, CA, US| Ahold, SC, US| Nestle, Swiss| Applied Material, TX, US| General Electric, PA, US | Wools-Worth, Australia | PNC (NationalCity Corp Bank) OH, USA | TENENT HealthCare, CA, USA and with Bank of Ireland, Dublin, Ireland in the field of Architect, Development, Re-Engineering, Maintenance & Support services including Project & Solution Management using PMI/Agile methodologies. Education B. Tech University of Madras - Chennai, Tamil Nadu October 1998 Skills Technical PM (10+ years) Additional Information Technical Skills  Cloud Interface Technologies  Amazon Web Services(AWS), EC2, EBS, S3, RDS, Route53, IAM, CloudFormation, CloudWatch, VPC, Messaging(SNS,SQS), Logging, DynamoDB, AWS/CLI, Jenkins, Puppet, Chef, VMCenter, DELL Boomi, Atomsphere, Perl, Ruby, CI/CD Tools, GITLab, JIRA,DELL Boomi, Atomsphere.    B2B Technologies  GENTRAN: BASICS, Mercator, Sterling Commerce GIS 3.0, SI 4.0 - 4.2, SI 5.0, Gentran Graphical Process Modeler, SI Map Editor, SI-Map Editor, SI-BPM VAN, SFG, Oracle B2B, Edifecs(Xengine), SpecBuilder 7, BPEL, Document Editor, XML Gateway, Information-B2B DataX, Cyclone, WebSphere DataInterchange 6.0, WTX 8.0, 8.1, Connect:Direct, AS2 Communications.    Middleware  JWS, WebMethods, WMS, Trading Network, Oracle Fusion Middle 11g , Oracle SOA Suite, JDeveloper1.1.1.4, ESB, OSB, Mediator, BAM, EM, TIBCO, Business Works, EMS. JSON, Jquery, HTML5 for Mobile apps.    Operating Systems Mainframe (OS/390, MVS), OS/400, Windows, Linux (Unix, AIX)  Languages Python, Perl, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, .Net, C#, XML, XSLT, JAVA, J2EE, COBOL, JCL, CICS, VSAM, ADS/O, VS-Cobol-II, PL/I.  Databases DB2, SQLServer, IMS/DB, IDMS, MangoDB  Data-Warehouse Tools PowerCenter V9.x, IBM DataStage (DS), Oracle Data Integrator -ODI  ERP & PM Tools Oracle EBS, SCM, SAP, VISIO 2008, MSPe2008, PrimaVera P5, JIRA.  Communication Methods  HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, SMTP, SOAP, EDIINT (AS1, AS2, and AS3), data format, or MailBox. Message Standards/Documents: EDIINT AS1, AS2 & EDIX12, EDIFACT, HIPAA, IDocs, cXML, Rosettanet.    Networking Technologies WAN, LAN, VMWare, PowerShell, LDAP, Firewall Management and VPN  Domain Knowledge  Banking (Retail & Customer), Finance, Healthcare, Auto Insurance, Retail & Distribution and Transport, Global Supply & Trading. Analysis, Development, Conversion, Maintenance, Production Support, HIPAA, EDI Transaction & Testing