IT Project Manager, Business Automation <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Business Automation IT Project Manager, Business Automation - Global Nephrology Solutions Phoenix, AZ Dedicated professional with experience in managed technology, operations management, and  web design and development. Highly motivated and organized in managing teams while  achieving results through strong communication skills, analytical thinking and the attitude of  getting things done. Work Experience IT Project Manager, Business Automation Global Nephrology Solutions November 2017 to Present Implement IT Services to member practices - act as primary liaison between Practice  Leadership and technical teams during the deployment or migration process    ? Clearly outlines and communicates project scope and associated cross-functional  roles and responsibilities required to successfully fulfill each project's objectives    ? Assembles, motivates and manages cross-functional resources to achieve initiative  goals, meet objectives and execute against timelines: this includes management of vendors and offshore teams    ? Collaborates with business stakeholders to capture the business needs and technical  requirements in order to create actionable projects plans with technical teams    ? Translates business needs into technical design. Partner with several teams to evaluate, and recommend solutions    ? Monitor issues and risks that may affect the project deliverable. Resolves and/or escalates issues in a timely fashion    ? Tracks progress against timelines, milestones and budget, revise as needed.  Communicates project status by providing updates to peers and leadership as required    ? Manage multiple Sharepoint subsites to ensure permissions are up to date and business needs are met VP of Operations Web Solutions May 2016 to November 2017 Collaborate with the Chief Operating Officer (COO) to develop and implement  financial strategy and product roadmap that focuses on profitability and improved  efficiency    ? Establish project scope by studying strategic business drivers; discovering and validating business and technical requirements and parameters; obtaining input from  subject-matter experts; examining and recommending changes to current business  practices; developing and writing proposals    ? Build, manage and lead a team of web professionals including ; Web Designers, Web  Developers, Technical Support Engineers and Client Service Representatives and Technical Account Managers as well as the Managers and Leaders for each  department (Report Structure: 6 Direct, 30 Indirect)    ? Plan and structure resources across multiple states to support the growth of client  base    ? Monitor and report regularly on the department financials and budget    ? Establish standards in process workflow for both inbound service tickets and for outbound communication efforts    ? Establish project objectives, policies, procedures and performance standards within boundaries of company policy and contract specifications    ? Creating a plan and formulating objectives, planning project life-cycle deliverables  and resource availability; leading the exploration, evaluation, and design of technical  solutions    ? Provide project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trends to key stakeholders    ? Investigate potentially serious situations and implement corrective measures    ? Formulate reports concerning such areas as work progress, cost and scheduling    ? Experienced in working as the liaison between business unit and technical teams  including server operations, corporate IT and development Digital Project Manager R&R Partners April 2015 to May 2016 Accurately tracks and communicate project status (including progress, budget, dependencies, etc.) to client and internal team    ? Drives projects to completion within scope, budget and timeframe    ? Serve as the primary contact for a multi-disciplinary team consisting of Strategists, Creatives, Account Managers, Developers, and media experts during the  development of digital projects    ? Define and manage project approach, scope, deliverables, schedule, resources needs  and budget    ? Proactively identifies and manages project risks and clearly communicates project  issues and solutions-oriented resolution to the client and internal team  Digital Project Manager  G/O Digital  May 2013 - September 2014    ? Facilitate initial setup of digital projects through Salesforce and monitor progress  throughout all phases of the project lifecycle using AtTask    ? Ensure that discovery materials are received from internal teams, as well as digital  assets required from clients for project initiation    ? Set clear priorities and expectations for tasks/deliverables across teams accountable  for work, communicating clearly to all stakeholders, providing proper updated  materials/documentation as needed and following up on action items    ? Identify risks and seeks partnership from internal teams to assist in prioritizing and resolving issues    ? Enforce quality control process and product testing prior to and after deployment as well as budget management and monitoring Junior Graphic Designer Kitchen Sink Studios February 2012 to September 2012 Create and design graphics and logos from concept through production requested by client under the supervision and guidance of senior team members    ? Manage and update company website such as online portfolio and navigation items  while maintaining Kitchen Sink brand guidelines through CSS/HTML    ? Manage multiple projects and work independently in a detail-oriented, fast- paced, deadline-driven environment Web Application Tester Synapse Studios January 2011 to January 2012 Record and document results and compare to expected results for new and existing  Web Application projects across all web browsers    ? Communicate and record application failures to the Development team for correction and working in close collaboration with developers to ensure the quality of  the solution    ? Evaluate internal and external processes to identify and lead process improvement  efforts    ? Evaluate the quality and effectiveness of the user experience in terms of design and functionality to submit to the Development team for evaluation Education Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ May 2013 Bachelor of Science in Visual Communication Design in Visual Communication Design Herberger Institute for Design and the Arts