IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - Enstar Group Columbia, SC Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Enstar Group - Columbia, SC August 2018 to Present • Manage reporting of project financials for 10 Claims/Mergers & Acquisitions projects, with budgets ranging from 30k to 3 million dollars.  • Create and update project charters, project plans and track risks, assumptions, issues, process flows, and dependencies logs (RAID).  • Managed all administrative and logistical functions for IT projects.  • Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems. Business Analyst Consultant-Contractor Systemtec - Columbia, SC August 2017 to March 2018 • Updated business processes, including business work flows and the necessary roles/responsibilities for the data center.  • Collaborated with IT and business to determine and document systems interactions, workflows and inter-dependencies within the current and future agency technology infrastructure.  • Mapped process activities to identify shortfalls and identify options to rectify operational inefficiencies.  • Applied honed problem-solving skills to analyze and resolve issues impacting business operations and goal achievement.  • Created workflow diagrams and Gantt charts to clearly demonstrate IT processes and timelines. Technical Project Manager-Contractor Apex Systems, Inc January 2016 to August 2017 • Led global project team (10 member team across 3 countries) in decommissioning data centers, reducing the number of data centers needed.  • Facilitated working sessions and provide updates to senior executives.  • Created and monitored change requests using BMC Remedy.  • Reduced the number of backouts by diagnosing and resolving workflow challenges prior to execution of data center moves. Technical Program Consultant-Contractor Ettain Group-Lowe's Companies - Charlotte, NC September 2015 to November 2015 • Managed projects for Digital Analytics and Optimization team, including automating stakeholder requests, creating and maintaining SharePoint site, and establishing processes for testing department.  • Created SharePoint site to track all project information for upper management and other stakeholders/customers, including project schedule, forms for customers to submit testing requests (increasing efficiency, while decreasing time from submission to approval/rejection), and daily metrics. Project Consultant PricewaterhouseCoopers - Columbia, SC November 2012 to September 2015 • Managed the daily operations of IT software upgrades.  • Delivered data analysis and documentation for the appropriate milestones (i.e. Requirements Specification Document, Project Budget, Project Management Plan, Non-Disclosure Agreements).  • Operated as the SharePoint Administrator, and transformed how the department documented projects.  • Utilized MS Excel and Visio to create project trackers and process flows.  • Developed user stories as well as wrote test scripts for user acceptance testers to ensure the software is working as designed and designed to meet the expectation of the customer.  • Gathered requirements for ongoing projects and organized details for management use. Education MBA in Project Management American Intercontinental University Bachelor of Science in Industrial Management Clemson University