Consultant Consultant Results Oriented Technology Professional Tinley Park, IL Results driven people, process, project, and change Manager with proven ability to successfully lead projects in regards to deliverables, budget management, risk management, and overall impact. Demonstrated project management skills to facilitate on-time and cost-efficient project completion. Ability to facilitate and engage cross-functional project teams across multiple locations. Proven time-management skills to manage and prioritize multiple concurrent projects. Solid communication skills to effectively negotiate and facilitate requirements gathering discussions, deliver presentations and training programs to diverse audiences. Vast number of industry certifications including CAPM, CSM, ITIL v3 Foundation, Six Sigma Green Belt, among others. Extensive experience leading teams throughout Agile and traditional SDLC processes. Proven experience working with and leading offshore teams. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant Independent - Tinley Park, IL January 2018 to Present Consult with company leaders across several high impact industries such as Manufacturing, Hospitality, Food/Beverage, among others to reduce waste, lower risk, increase productivity, and maximize profit. This position entails 80% travel within the continental United States. Stakeholders at all levels of company hierarchies have been positively impacted by these efforts. Almost all client companies are small to mid size companies with an employee count that typically ranges between 10-250 people.  • Lead LSS (Lean Six Sigma) consulting consultation training to help companies decide if utilizing LSS methodologies such as Kanban make sense for them at a given time.  • Identify, interview, and mange stakeholders on a continual basis from project conception to project completion using tools such as Microsoft Project, Jira, and Salesforce.  • Serve as Agile/Scrum Subject Matter Expert and Coach to help stakeholders at all levels of client companies transition into utilizing Agile/Scrum on a constant basis confidently and effectively. Agile Coach / Scrum Master WeatherTech - Bolingbrook, IL January 2017 to December 2017 Served as Agile Coach and SME for multiple projects at a time. Served as PMO for both onshore and off-shore teams. Lead daily stand-ups and scrum ceremonies for two scrum teams. Worked with product owners to groom the backlog and plan sprints. Tracked, escalated and removed impediments. Reported at daily Scrum of Scrum meetings. Tracked burn down, issues and progress in Jira. Worked with multifunctional teams to resolve issues. Taught and implemented Scrum practices to key stakeholders in their successful attempt to adopt an Agile Hybrid project management methodology rather than utilizing a strictly traditional SDLC methodology.  • Lead process improvement efforts in regards to updating the company’s project management style and philosophy towards project management. This helped lead to increased productivity by way of eliminating siloed work and helped maximize collaboration among company staff members.  • Served as a PMO and coach that helped lead business and technical stakeholders. This ensured that all team members had a mutual and clear understanding of what was expected of them throughout every project.  • Tracked and managed all project progress using Jira, Microsoft Project, SharePoint, and Salesforce. Project Manager / Solution Architect IBM June 2015 to September 2016 Gathered requirements from C-Level and Business Manager stakeholders. Developed and implemented business solutions for many well-known companies such as Honeywell, Weather Company and Nike. Lead project management activities for projects relating to Cognos Analytics, Watson Analytics, and SoftLayer Cloud Technology. Served as Analytics Box Administrator for a team of over 500 users. Contributed towards process improvement plans in order to help customers reduce waste and maximize efficiency which then resulted in increased profit.  • Analyzed client system configurations, gathered requirements from customers, and developed solutions in regards to improving client's technical infrastructure systems.  • Achieved success implementing Analytic, Cloud, CRM, ERP, and IOT solutions for over 100 clients using tools such as Cognos, Watson Analytics, IBM Bluemix, IBM SoftLayer, and Cloud Concierge.  • Conducted pre and post sale activities in regards to client infrastructure improvements. This involved leading customer demos, conducting user training sessions, and serving as a primary Analytic SME for clients of all types. Director of IT Carousel Checks - Bridgeview, IL May 2014 to June 2015 Lead the IT efforts of an IT staff that was 12 team members strong. Consulted with company owner and CEO on a daily basis in regards to short term and long term company goals. Lead the hiring effort of the IT team. Served as Project Director and PMO for several short term and long term IT centric projects.  • Contributed to $2.5M in increased revenue in less than 1 calendar year by providing overall IT expertise, particularly in the areas of people, process, project, and change management.  • Increased IT department productivity over 50% by leading effort of converting company project management methodology from traditional SDLC approach to an agile approach.  • Traveled 25% to meet with other industry leaders to perform process enhancement activities such as attending gemba walks, performing external benchmarking, and to attend industry trade shows and conferences. IT Project Manager / Quality Assurance Analyst Global Capacity - Chicago, IL April 2013 to May 2014 Managed up to ten concurrent projects at a time. Discovered and communicated data trends occurring in both Business and Telecom industries to higher personnel utilizing Microsoft SQL Server and company proprietary software. Assisted Lead Quality Assurance Analyst with both automated and manual testing practices utilizing Microsoft Excel, Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and company software called Customer Lifecycle Management (CLM). Served as Salesforce Administrator for company's 300+ employees.  • Worked on multi-national team, helping contribute to 22% increase in revenue in less than 1 year.  • Acted as a project manager and team leader between business and technical teams, interpreting and explaining both concepts to all members of company on routine basis using Microsoft Project, SharePoint, Salesforce, and Skype.  • Conducted thorough analysis of thousands of pieces of data at one time by writing custom SQL queries and editing existing queries. Business Process Analyst RR Donnelley - Chicago, IL July 2012 to April 2013 Worked with the Executive (C-Level), Business, and Technology teams at customer sites to analyze work flows and determine best path practices. Enabled companies to operate more efficiently and cost effectively, which in turn generated between 17-49% return on investment from the following year for my customers. Conducted training sessions in regards to maximizing operational efficiency at client sites as well as remotely via Skype.  • Worked on Regional team that supported customers in the Midwest (Iowa to Pennsylvania and as far south as Tennessee). This resulted in over 50% travel.  • Helped customers to become more efficient and profitable while also maximizing return on investment in regards to company technology and methodology that firms were utilizing.  • Participated in and occasionally lead Six Sigma training sessions on a bi-weekly basis which helped to assist customers in regards to maximizing their business processes to improve efficiency. Business Analyst / Project Manager (Intern) E-Insure Services - Chicago, IL January 2012 to July 2012 This position was my first position within the field of Business Technology. This was an unpaid Internship position. Although this was an Internship, this was a very hands on roll-up your sleeves type of Internship that allowed me to contribute in a very effective and positive way towards the company's bottom line.  • Managed up to eight projects at a time while also leading business and technical team members.  • Elicited requirements from internal and external stakeholders by way of conducting brainstorming activities, interviews, and internal focus groups.  • Managed projects utilizing Microsoft Project and SharePoint. Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems DePaul University - Chicago, IL June 2012 Skills Jira (3 years), Microsoft Project (5 years), Microsoft SharePoint (4 years), Lean Six Sigma (5 years), Visio (5 years), SQL (5 years), MS Dynamics (3 years), Basecamp (3 years), Salesforce (3 years), Google Analytics (2 years), Coaching (7 years), Lean, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Scrum Master, Transformation Certifications/Licenses CAPM Lean Six Sigma Green Belt ITIL v3 Google Analytics Cloud U - Rackspace CPT - NASM PMI-ACP