IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - SOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY Leader who motivates teams with excellent presentation of the values, vision, and mission of an organization as well as mentor and develop managers to empower and equip their staff. Strong analytical viewpoint that enables solid decision-making and flexibility while navigating change. Able to simultaneously direct a variety of programs and activities that advance organizational objectives, improve efficiency, and budget and strengthen results. Creatively solve problems while strengthening corporate culture. Work Experience IT Project Coordinator SOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY - Dallas, TX 2019 to Present Accomplishments:  • Analyzed and improved documentation and workflow process to enable a more consistent development system for all Office of IT projects by utilizing tools including MediaWiki and TeamDynamix.  • Improved efficiency of communication by creating new pre-formatted outlook communication templates, recording patterns, and automate kiwi pages.  Duties include:  • Fostering teamwork and cooperation between the Project Management Office and other departments within Information Technology on the following tasks:  ? Conducting project requirements collection via stakeholder interviews and formalizing program requests.  ? Ensuring appropriate approvals and accountable documentation is maintained for the entire process.  • Improving business processes by creating new DocuSign and approval workflow processes for al future projects reviews and approvals.  • Ensuring deadlines are met and products meet customer requirements by providing key resource and schedule maintenance.  • Served on a search committee to select new employees for Project Management Office.  • Resolving issues in regards to scheduling, project end dates, and more by researching issues, interviewing managers and resources, and updating the system. Business Manager and Pastor HERITAGE NAZARENE CHURCH - Sherman, TX 2015 to 2018 148 members, $270,000/year budget  Accomplishments:  • Increased the efficiency of accounting, participation tracking, and follow-up with donors and members by implementing a church-wide software system.  • Reduced budget 31% by eliminating redundant positions and reducing overhead while also expanding programs and community outreach.  • Expanded financial giving by implementing online and app-based contributions.  • Restructured the brand of the organization by overseeing a name change and marketing a new identity (including website refresh, targeted metatags, etc.) which led to greater access to and awareness of the community.  Duties included:  • Hiring, training, and managing employees.  • Chairing and overseeing the board of directors, the finance committee, and other committees.  • Creating and implementing policies and procedures and ensuring compliance with federal and state laws, denominational practices, and insurance requirements. Business Manager and Pastor SOUTHWEST CHURCH OF THE NAZARENE - Dexter, MO 2012 to 2015 Accomplishments:  • Increased membership two consecutive years in 2 categories (24% and 14% in weekend events and 17% and 36% in weekday event membership) by rebranding, modernizing facilities, website updates, ad campaigns, and other marketing efforts.  • Reduced budget by eliminating redundant expenditures and increasing oversight of purchasing decisions while retaining all employees.  • Expanded community outreach and engagement to new levels through the creation and implementation of a benevolence fund.  Duties included:  • Managing organization employees over multiple disciplines.  • Creating and implementing policies and procedures while ensuring compliance with all necessary laws and organizations.  • Promoting the organization in the community and building networks with other non-profit organizations. Auditor FREIGHTQUOTE.COM - Kansas City, MO 2008 to 2012 Accomplishments:  • Reduced losses over $70,000 that were due to improper implementation of carrier contracts while reducing further financial risk by analyzing discrepancies between contracts and system information.  • Oversaw accounts payable and receivable for national and international accounts.  Duties included:  • Analyzing billing contracts with freight carriers to ensure proper implementation of contracts and domestic and international government tariffs.  • Training new employees in departmental policies and procedures.  • Executing accounts payable and receivable while meeting tight deadlines.  • Resolving customer disputes, system errors, and fraud investigations. Education Master of Arts in Ministry in Leadership WESLEY SEMINARY AT INDIANA WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY - Marion, IN March 2014 Bachelor of Arts in Government and Philosophy MOREHEAD STATE UNIVERSITY - Morehead, KY May 2007 Skills Gnu Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/brandon-powell-a478b6161 Certifications/Licenses Microsoft Office Specialist Excel 2016 Expert Present Microsoft Office Specialist Word 2016 Expert Present Additional Information SKILLS GNU Image Manipulation Program,  Sony Vegas Movie Studio Program, and more