Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - Bank of America Melissa, TX Positive leader with the ability to create trust and foster cooperation among team members. An Information Technology project manager with over 15 years of progressive responsibilities. Ensures projects are delivered on time, within scope and budget. Collaborate with stakeholders to create the definition scope and project objectives. Measure the projects performance and provide timely updates to Senior Management. Inspire relationships with clients, vendors and all key stakeholders. Amplified and executed multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technological solutions to improve processes and reduce cost. Work Experience Program Manager Bank of America - Plano, TX February 2019 to Present Contract)    • Spearheaded QA Automation project that analyze each manual test to determine if inline or postproduction automation was feasible that increased productivity to 40% and reduced headcount to increase revenue  • Planned and executed with the Line of Business, product owners and technology teams on application development project  • Succeeded in delivering complex dependencies across products, value streams and business portfolios.  • Prospered in balancing a $2.8m budget, inclusive of forecasting and resource allocations  • Lead weekly team meetings, communicated meeting minutes, and provided weekly status reports to stakeholders and senior management  • Champion of project kickoff meetings and created the PowerPoint deck to distribute to stakeholders and senior administration  • Ensured governance was followed with each project phase  • Completed governance documentation for each tollgate phase (define, build, deploy)  • Champion of compliance and risk meetings with stakeholders and compliance partners  • Maintained the project plan, milestones and deliverables in Microsoft Project  • Accomplished completion of Phase 1 deliverables and milestones on time IT Project Manager (PMO) Prime Lending Mortgage - Dallas, TX June 2017 to January 2019 • Effectively delivered joint ventures projects with Prime Lending and major home builders to standup a new mortgage company on the infrastructure and LOS system (Prime Path). These projects have created the following mortgage companies; Highland Home loans, Grand Home Loans, American Pine Mortgage and Green Brick Mortgage which all have created additional revenue. All these projects were delivered within 8-week timelines. (on time and under budget).  • Successfully orchestrated with the lines of businesses to create the Knowledge Base and Guidelines to standup a Joint Venture business  • Produced a streamline Production Runbook process integration with Service Now application which increased productivity and decreased errors of the PMO  • Projects are managed in Clarizen and Project Insight as Agile and Waterfall  • Performing normal day to day project management tasks (status reports, financials, project kickoff meetings, project charters)  • Charted Request for Change using Service Now and managed the request through the Change Management approval process  • Positive in being the innovator in spearheading process improvement to the PMO  • Thrived in leading third-party vendors (building relationships)  • Experienced in capturing the business needs and translating those requirements to the team (developers/QA/BA)  • Accountable for budget allocations of small to large projects (up to $1m)  • Effectively oversaw and delivered up to 6 projects simultaneously(application development and infrastructure)  • Accountable for resource management and allocation up to 60 people which consisted of internal and multiple third-party vendors  • Effectively accomplished and delivered up to 5-6 projects simultaneously Project Manager (Application Development) Franklin American Mortgage - Irving, TX May 2015 to December 2016 • Produced projects related to the mortgage industry (LOS, Retail/Wholesale broker portals)  • Achieved projects using Agile principles  • Scrum Master to daily scrums (Devs, QA, BA/Product Owner)  • Rotating on-call schedule for escalations and nightly deployments  • Be able to and setup the production calls and making go/no decisions  • Provided project status reports, resource management in Innotas and providing daily CFDs  • Succeeded lockbox project to ensure the processing of customer payments, documents and fees were capture correctly in the LOS system  • Instrumental in the POC for the use of Innotas as a reporting and resource management tool  • Assisted with training and best practice methods of Innotas to the PM team  • Ensued that project deliverables are met, and a quality product is delivered to the business  • Vetted out project roadblocks and/or constraints  • Ensured the product owners/BAs have a clear and defined UAT plan  • Utilized JIRA as the project management tool from a task level  • Deploying code updates to AWS environment  • Spinning up and troubleshooting AWS lab environments  • Monitoring Bamboo environments  • Daily Stand-ups, scrubbing the backlog to determine iterations/sprints  • Be able to third party vendors  • Successfully accomplished and delivered 3-4 projects with teams up to 10 people (external and internal) Project Manager (Telcom) Goodman Networks - Plano, TX November 2013 to February 2015 • Creating reporting using MS Excel (pivot tables, financial reporting) Serving in Project Manager role for application enhancements and releases (eTUMs, API, Oracle)  • Worked with the BA and Innotas account rep to POC the use of Innotas as a Project Management tool  • Provided training to PM team on how to create reports, monitor resource workload, create portfolio dashboards and project plans in Innotas tool  • Compiling aggregated PMO project status reports using PowerPoint and MS Word  • PMO process improvement (workflows, templates, Waterfall, Agile, PPM Tools)  • SharePoint administrator for PMO (folder creation, user permissions, document repository)  • Creating MS PowerPoint presentations for Senior Organization Project Manager (Nation Star Mortgage-Document Management) Robert Half International - Dallas, TX March 2013 to November 2013 • Chaired efforts to streamline invoice reconciliation and ingestion process with Bank of America and business client  • Executed process improvement efforts across business units  • Provided gap analysis to upper administration  • Created Visio process flows to illustrate process movements and gaps  • In control for creating project plans and weekly status reports for upper administration  • Worked with application administrators to automate manual processes Education Bachelor of Science in Business in Business University of Phoenix September 2019 Associate Degree in Applied Arts Art Institute of Dallas Skills Project lifecycle, Software development, Visio, Sharepoint, Jira, Migrations, Requirements analysis, Ms office, Roi, Budgeting, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Project scheduling, Client relations, Mentoring, Scheduling, Team building, Leadership skills Additional Information Skill Summary  ? Project Management: IT Project Lifecycle: Project Scheduling  ? Custom Software Development Requirements Analysis Leadership Skills  ? System Migrations/Integrations ROI Analysis Business & IT Planning  ? Enterprise wide Implementations Costing & Budgeting Vendor Mgmt.  ? Cross-Functional Supervision Client Relations & Presentations Agile  ? Team Building & Mentoring Waterfall    Application Expertise  ? JIRA  ? MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Project, PowerPoint)  ? Adobe and Visio  ? Clarizen  ? Project Insight  ? SharePoint  ? Service Now  ? GPP ( Project Management Tool)