Technology Officer Technology Officer Technology Officer - Octo Bowie, MD ? Established record of reliability excellent customer service focus and professionalism.  ? Ability to work in fast paced, erratic environments  ? Self-starter and team player  ? Clearance eligible Work Experience Technology Officer Octo June 2019 to Present Helpdesk Specialist    ? Ensures a timely process through which problems are controlled. Includes problem recognition, research, isolation, resolution, and follow up steps.  ? Reviewed and recommend appropriate action on network data from IDS/IPS, routers, and firewalls devices deployed on customer and CSC networks as it relates to internal and external attack.  ? Interact with network services, software systems engineering, and/or applications development to restore service and/or identify and correct core problem.  ? Simulates or recreates user problems to resolve operating difficulties.  ? Recommends systems modifications to reduce user incidents.  ? Utilized Remedy force software to document escalate tickets in order to troubleshoot user in a timely manner.  ? Utilized software like Bomgar to remotely identify and triage anomalies users are experiencing  ? Provided technical consultation on highly complex tasks; assist and/or provide direction to lower level technical personnel  ? Provides second -third tier support to end users for either PC, server, or mainframe applications on hardware  ? Monitored, evaluated, and assisted with the maintenance of assigned security systems and assist with the review and definition of security requirements  ? Provided support for system reviews to determine if they are designed to comply with established standards IT assistant manager Diamond EClass August 2017 to May 2019 Streamlined sales, inventory, and payroll reporting; resulting in improved productivity.  ? Active directories management for new hires and agents being terminated as well as create audit reports, topology charts, and passwords.  ? Utilized SharePoint online to build custom workflows and user interface to achieve better management efficiencies  ? Generated new contacts resulting in large contract agreements.  ? Supervised helpdesk agents ensuring they are providing personalized technical support  ? Utilized Linux Red hat enterprise software for training, support and consulting services  ? Utilized VMware software and kits for AWS cloud optimization and to access vcenter and Vsan reducing cost and overhead and ensure proper network connection and to increase/ decrease data footprint  ? Supervised desktop support with increasing responsibilities administering client /server applications  ? Provided user support to over 300 clients.  ? Designed, implemented, and support services for Microsoft related technology (Window server, Exchange, SQL, SharePoint etc.)  ? Identifying appropriate software and hardware used and supported by my organization. Desktop Support Technician Sibley Memorial Hospital October 2015 to August 2017 Maintain tier 2 and tier 3 ticketing support  ? User System support (OS, Email)  ? Configure and troubleshoot TCP/IP hardware (routers, printers, and other office hardware)  ? Utilized Active directory to document roles, server names, and IP addresses  ? Used active directory password and audit policies  ? Provided patch management, SOS Upgrades, system monitoring and logging  ? Provide desktop support with increasing responsibilities administering client /server applications  ? Provided ticketing support using ServiceNow for end user support  ? Updated knowledge bases within ServiceNow  ? Provided ServiceNow Software troubleshooting  ? Supported and Maintain relationship with over 400 clients to ensure client satisfaction and resolve portfolio issues  ? Informed clients on issues of regulation and compliance with regards to government programs (NIST)  ? Collaborated with team to enforce new programs and complete time sensitive projects  ? Provided compliance solutions to clients and ensure all project deadlines were completed Cyber Security Analyst Quest Diagnostics June 2015 to November 2016 Reviewed system access data and monitored database access  ? Provided end user support to 300+ clients annually  ? Migrated company systems (windows 10)  ? Patch Management, Anti-Virus, Symantec Endpoint, Clustering, OS Upgrades, computer security and system monitoring and logging  ? Utilized VMware to access vcenter and vSphere reducing cost and overhead and ensure proper network connection  ? Install and troubleshoot network routers and TCP/IP hardware in various departments.  ? Responsible for passwords and logouts  ? Provided ticketing support using ServiceNow  ? Updated knowledge bases within ServiceNow  ? Provided ServiceNow Software troubleshooting  ? Responsible for software and hardware updates and repairs  ? Update cyber security protocol and developed effective training procedures  ? Ensured compliance with internal and external email safety standards  ? Used PowerShell to deploy software to assist migration (Robocopy/Norton ghost)  ? Utilized windows PowerShell and verify emails domain in Office 365, convert mailboxes and to mail- enabled users in Office in 365 Windows 10 migration technician Bowie State University May 2014 to May 2015 Tier 1 & 2 ticketing support  ? Provide desktop support with increasing responsibilities administering client /server applications  ? Provided OS Upgrades, computer security and system monitoring and logging  ? Used PowerShell for desktop support security (Antivirus/Encryption software, VPN)  ? Used PowerShell to deploy software to assist migration (Robocopy/Norton ghost)  ? Used windows PowerShell and verify emails domain in Office 365  ? Used windows PowerShell to convert mailboxes to mail- enabled users in Office in 365  ? Used windows PowerShell to license users and correct the login ID for Office 365  ? Re-imaged desktop, VDI and Microsoft Pro Tablets Education Bachelor of science in Biology in Biology Bowie State University Skills Active directory, Network connectivity, Remote access, System administration, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Vmware, Vpn, Itil, Remedy, Linux, Red hat, Sharepoint, Bmc, Jakarta, Excel, Microsoft office, Powerpoint, Windows server 2012, Incident management Additional Information Skills:  ? Managerial experience  ? Windows System administration experience (ver. 2008r and above)  ? Incident and Ticketing experience (ServiceNow ver. Istanbul, Jakarta, Kingston)  ? ITIL experience (ver. 2011, ITIL V3, ITIL V4)  ? Linux red hat experience (RHEL ver. 5-8)  ? Cloud based strategies experience  ? VMware software experience  ? Microsoft Active directory Management software experience (windows server 2012 and up)  ? Experience with remote access tools (Team viewer (ver.12-14), Realvnc (ver. VNC connect), PowerShell (ver 2.0-5.0)  ? Detail Orientation  ? Resolving complex IT issues and reoccurring software and hardware incidence  ? Experience configuring and installing TCP/IP system hardware/software  ? Familiarly with incident management software (Bmc Remedy, Zen desk, ServiceNow, Big fix, Bomgar)  ? Microsoft Office suite, Office 365, Excel, InfoPath, Access, SharePoint PowerPoint experience  ? VPN support, Network connectivity diagnostics and websites access support