Network Engineer Network Engineer Network Engineer - Novant Health Indian Trail, NC Work Experience Network Engineer Novant Health - Fort Mill, SC November 2016 to Present • Designs, maintains, supports, and administers Cisco and Avaya routers, switches, wireless access points and wireless controllers along with the power and cabling infrastructure for this equipment.  • Provide assistance to the Novant Infrastructure with network updates, trouble tickets, renovation projects and IP address information for end user devices  • Provide project management on various network activities including upgrades, new implementations, and migrations, with technical direction and user support as needed  • Perform authentication and authorization functions based on device mac, IP, and serial number by managing and configuring Bradford NAC and Aruba Clear pass security solution.  • Troubleshoot network mishaps and outrages; increase network by supervising network devices and cooperate with network architects regarding network optimization  • Oversee and resolve wireless incidents by utilizing Cisco Prime and Extreme XMC along with the up gradation of core routers and switches with latest code revisions  • Responsible for the installation, configuration, and maintenance of wireless network equipment based on device type and role of device through Infoblox DHCP and DNS server  • Performed the configuration and up gradation of over 30 existing clinics with new switch gear, wireless and fiber connections  • Traced and up fitted new fiber of the Presbyterian Medical Center MOB's to new single mode and multimode strands along with core routers and switches Project Management Southern New Hampshire University - Hooksett, NH 2018 to 2018 Hooksett, NH 2018  Coursework: Project Management in Information Technology, Cyber security and Information Assurance, Cyber law and Ethics  Awards: President's List Winter 2016 IT Service Desk Analyst Dimension Data - Fort Mill, SC October 2015 to November 2016 • Promoted new technical solution leading to the improvement on established troubleshooting methods and delivered assistance in the structuring of first-call resolution customer service procedures  • Involved in the maintenance and management of user accounts and back-ups as well as resolving network hardware issues impacting business operation  • Attained training under four security engineers with Cisco & Palo Alto firewalls, Bluecoat, and reviewed security logs as per requirements  • Offered customer service through efficient communication and placed emphasis on computer and network troubleshooting through technical management  • Received six customer compliments at Dimension Data for excellent communication & customer service Secure Communications, Security Administration, Network Vulnerabilities September 2015 to November 2015 Technical Skills: Windows, Apple, Linux, Cisco, Avaya Technical Support Specialist Sato America - Charlotte, NC March 2015 to October 2015 • Delivered acute diagnosis of printer hardware and software issues by utilizing resources to ensure proper networking and issues resolving  • Maintained customer relationships by initiating timely follow up and call back through collaboration with application engineers to resolve priority problems  • Accomplished 40-60 customer calls over the span of 7 months as well as coached new IT support personnel in effectual troubleshooting techniques  • Recognized issues, determined and executed appropriate resolution or escalation, and communicated the resolution and escalation to the associate  • Oversaw technical queries from customers from initial query through solution and advice resulting in the ensuring of customer satisfaction at the highest level Level 1 IT Engineer AT-Net Services - Charlotte, NC August 2014 to March 2015 • Accomplished transport and installation of hardware and software including installation of network cables along with it delivered technical support to customers and service teams within the company  • Ensured rapid and accurate feedback on customer issues by performing administrative duties with the management and maintenance of numerous hardware  • Maintained a positive interactive working relationship with Operations and Product Engineering to resolve issues and escalated as necessary for resolution  • Created and maintained accurate information on the central database and files to ensure the maximization and personalization of future calls  • Maintained historical records, client confidence and protected operations by documenting hardware and software changes and revisions Associate of Applied Science - Cyber Crime and Information System Security Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC 2015 to 2015 Education Bachelor's in Cyber Security Southern New Hampshire University January 2016 to March 2018 Skills CISCO, DHCP, NETWORK TROUBLESHOOTING, NETWORK DESIGN, OSPF Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/chris-kandaya505aa176 Additional Information SKILL AREAS: ? Network Troubleshooting ? Cyber Security ? Solarwinds ? Intelligence Gathering ? Routers & Switches Configuration ? DHCP & DNS ? Network Design ? Linux ? Vmware ? Router and Switch configuration ? Project Management ? OSPF ? Infoblox ? Security Administration ? Cisco Prime & Extreme XMC ? Cisco Firewalls ? Aruba ClearPass ? Customer Relationships