IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Glebela Technology INC New Carrollton, MD A Skilled IT security analyst with two years working experience with FISMA, FEDRAMP and PCI-DSS. My top duties have included walking systems and organizations through the Assesment and Authorization process to gain an Authorization to Operate in compliance with FISMA. I would go an extra mile in my dutires to protect the confidentiality, intergrity and availability for the mission, vision and values of my company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Glebela Technology INC - Greenbelt, MD June 2017 to Present Performed data gathering such as included questionnaires, conducting interviews and documenting reviews in preparation for assembling Assessment and Authorization packages.  ? Worked with Certification and Accreditation team; performed risk assessments, updated System Security Plan, Contingency Plan, Privacy Impact Analysis and Plan of Action and Milestones.  ? Developed and maintained artifacts supporting the risk profile such as Incident Response, Contingency Planning, System Security Plan and Plan of Action and Mile Stones  ? Perform comprehensive security controls Assessment (SCA) and wrote reviews of Management, Operational and Technical controls for audited applications and information.  ? Performed security categorization, using FIPS 199 and reviewed Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA) and E- Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders, in addition to drafting, finalizing and submitting System of Record Notice.  ? Reviewed technical Security controls and provided implementation responses regarding whether systems were FISMA compliant.  ? Conducted risk assessment regularly; ensuring measures raised during the assessment phase were implemented in accordance with risk profile, and the root causes of risk were fully addressed following NIST 800-30 and NIST 800-37 Information Assurance Analyst - Team USA Technology FIPS and FISMA - Washington, DC January 2016 to January 2017 Worked with NIST 800-53 NIST, RMF, FIPS and FISMA  ? Conducted the ST&E Kick off meeting and populated the Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) in accordance to NIST SP 800-53A.  ? Created, updated and revised System Security Plans, FISMA and FISCAM audits, Contingency Plans Incident Reports and Plan Of Action and Milestones  ? Conducted FISMA based security risk assessments for various government contracting organizations and application systems: including interviews, testing and inspections. Produced assessment reports and recommendations. Conducted out briefings.  ? Documented and reviewed Security plans (SP), Contingency Plans (CP), Contingency Plan Test (CPT), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), and Risk Assessment documents per NIST 800. Education Cyber security Training in Assessment and Authorization Training Abiatech Solutions - New Carrollton, MD January 2018 to April 2018 High School Diploma Cameroon Protestant College April 2018 Skills NESSUS (Less than 1 year), scanning (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CCSK Certified April 2018 Certified CompTIA Security+ In progress Additional Information ? Experienced in the development of System Security Plan, Plan Of Action and Milestones, Disaster Recovery Plan, Contingency Plan, Privacy Impact Assessment, Incident Response Plans/Training.  ? Familiar with VMware and other Virtual Machine Applications.  ? Experienced in developing and maintaining artifacts like Memorandum of Understanding, Service Level Agreement, Business Impact Analysis, Privacy Impact Analysis, and Privacy Threshold Analysis.  ? Experienced in performing Continuous Monitoring on asset vulnerabilities, Assessment and Authorization documents and systems as a whole.  ? Familiar with system categorization using NIST 800-60 and FIPS 199  ? Coordinate and attend weekly ISSO forums for security advice and updates.  ? Informed and advised government and contractor personnel on security and FISMA Compliance.  ? Created, updated and revised System Security Plans, FISMA and FISCAM audits, contingency plans, Incident reports and Plan of Action and Mile Stones.  ? Served on a team of information security professionals in the development of security policies and procedures for a variety of commercial and government organizations.  ? Experienced working with ISO 27001 security controls.  ? Assist in review of policy, security alerts, guidance regulations and technical advances in IT security and management  ? Communicate effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates and senior leadership for the smooth running and growth of the company.    Technical Skills:  ? Vulnerability scanning tools: NESSUS, NEXSPOSE and APP Detective