Senior Consultant Senior Consultant Functional Systems Analyst Arlington, VA Maipham is a Senior Technology Consultant with an active Secret clearance and 9 years of experience as a functional systems analyst for Federal web application and technology projects. Her diverse skills include quality assurance, information assurance ( IT security), requirements engineering throughout the systems development life cycle (SDLC), and scrum master on Agile projects. As a functional analyst, Maipham gathered requirements for new functionality, operations and maintenance (O&M) development, improved testing and defect resolution workflow processes, and facilitated Agile sprint review and backlog refinement sessions. Work Experience Senior Consultant Deloitte - Arlington, VA December 2014 to Present • Web application functional lead, scrum master, release project manager for an Agile operations and maintenance (O&M) project, and program coordinator for global rollout of a modernized visa program.   • Led 3 concurrent project streams working with business stakeholders to gather requirements and develop a project data tracker tool that is flexible and scalable for growing business needs using SharePoint and InfoPath. Led new technology adoption effort including change management training, communications, and workflow change recommendations.  • Provided program consulting and analysis support for an intelligence and information sharing project across several project streams for a new program of service. Managed data tagging workbooks to onboard 16 data sets from across 5 different partner organization data owners. Business Systems Analyst InterImage, Inc. - Arlington, VA January 2014 to December 2014 • Participating in the development of a web application designed to improve case management between different federal working communities.  • Develop and maintain project documentation (user’s manual, client training scenarios, user acceptance test scripts and results).  • Write and execute test scripts within the development test environment, and made significant contributions to testing workflow process improvement.  • Gather business requirements.  • Perform unit testing, integration testing, performance testing, functional testing, and regression testing IT Security Analyst InterImage Inc - Arlington, VA January 2011 to January 2014 • Work with management staff to establish, test, maintain, and enhance information system security  compliance based on current requirements and standards (i.e., NIST SP 800-53, Revision 3) for financial system applications.  • Implement logical and physical security policies, procedures, and guidelines for internal and customer-facing system environments.  • Investigate, escalate, and implement appropriate corrective actions for IT security vulnerabilities.  • Work with business analysts to ensure that policies and procedures governing the protection of personally identifiable information and identification and authentication credentials are established and enforced.  Systems Lead Responsibilities:  • Document changes to information system and its security impact analysis  • Maintain POA&Ms, and track corrective action as part of ongoing security assessments  • Update and maintain the continuous monitoring documentation  • Develop criteria to monitor controls using guidance from organizational policies and business  priorities  • Conduct information security testing, and report on security assessments of controls  • Conducts continuous monitoring activities  • Establish and maintain inventory of information system components  Coordinator Responsibilities:  • Facilitated weekly Continuous Monitoring Meetings  • Recorded and follow up on team members' assigned action items  • Maintained continuous monitoring security documentation on the project portal    Software Tester/Documentation Specialist  Testing & Technical Analyst Responsibilities:  • Developed test plan and scripts  • Performed requirements analysis and develop functional requirements matrices  • Utilized HP Quality Center to implement test scripts, and track solution validation  • Collaborated with developers and business analysts to design user interface enhancements  Documentation Responsibilities:  • Developed and updated user manuals  • Maintained deliverables and archived artifacts using SharePoint  • Recorded and tracked IT Solutions Life Cycle Management (ITSLCM) using HP Quality Center Education M.A. in Conflict Resolution Georgetown University - Washington, DC May 2010 B.A. in Psychology University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, WI August 2008 Skills • Working knowledge of multimedia applications: MS Windows, MS Office Professional (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, OneNote, Publisher, Outlook), Snagit, RoboHelp, HP Quality Center, Mercury Quality Center, SharePoint Certifications/Licenses SAFe Agile Practitioner CCBA July 2019 to Present Additional Information Clearance: Active Secret, Active Public Trust