IT Clinical Pharmacy Applications Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Clinical Pharmacy Applications <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Clinical Systems Analyst Lexington, SC Pursuing a career in Information Technology to utilize my innate skills in time management, process developments, critical thinking, team building, performance improvement, and operation support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Clinical Pharmacy Applications Analyst Providence Health - Columbia, SC December 2018 to Present ? Responsible for assessment, development, implementation and maintenance of computerized pharmacy systems within the Hospital Computer Information System (HCIS) to include but not limited to order sets, pharmacy billing and enhancements to the pharmacy dictionaries.  ? Support All Pharmacy Clinical Applications to include pharmacy dictionaries and nursing dictionaries within the Healthcare Information System as well as third party vendor applications within the pharmacy. Coordinate computerized quality assurance programs. Effectively receive and investigate issues reported by staff and physicians related to software, hardware and process/workflow to determine root cause(s) of problems/failures. Independently formulate and execute plan (s) to resolve reported issues. Monitor tasks and reported issues and facilitate communication between internal and external customers.   ? Processes all Pharmacy Rejections and Omnicell interface errors to assist in collecting revenue in a timely manner. Analyzes current processes in place to help facilitate education in better documentation practices to reduce errors and increase revenue collections.  ? Primary Clinical Educator of Providers for Electronic Prescribing. Collaborate and communicate with local and regional retail pharmacies to coordinate ability to receive ePrescriptions. Manage DrFirst interface and hold queue notifications transmitted from pharmacies. Independently assess planned and unplanned downtime situations.   ? Formulate, communicate and execute plan to address downtime for Health System medication use systems with pharmacy and nursing leadership. Assess vendor enhancements. Lead affected departments through the implementation of enhancements. Function on teams as content expert and/or project manager for implementation of new processes and technology systems.  ? Import external data source updates into Health System databases (e.g., Formulary Service Vendor content). Administer security access to medication systems. Assist with creating and maintaining medication order strings and order sets. Develop and perform training for users in the pharmacy, nursing, medical staff as appropriate.  ? Process Security Requests to include, but not limited to, Active Directory, Meditech, Citrix Account creation. Applies rights/modifies accounts based on job function/need.   ? Perform other duties as assigned. Security Administrator Providence Health Care - Columbia, SC February 2018 to December 2018 Processed  Security Requests to include, but not limited to, Active Directory, Meditech, and CitrixAccount creation. Applies rights/modifies accounts based on job function/need.   ? Disabled/removed accounts on separations when notified by HR/Information Systems Management. Troubleshoot user access permissions with appropriate systems owners.   ? Maintained documentation with all Security Requests for rights changes for auditing purposes. Assisted with internal security audits as needed. Assisted in training organizational staff in Information Security policy, procedure and best practices as it relates to security in the workforce.  ? Monitored daily production schedule and maintains workflow for Meditech operations, LAN file servers and other specialized systems. Ensured that daily processing is completed. Isolated and identified errors in processing and applies appropriate procedures to resolve problems.   ? Duties related to Disaster Recovery included: Preparing equipment for daily operations, loadingtapes in systems, monitoring and documenting daily backups, preparing tapes for rotation to offsite storage, maintains daily logs for system operations, and assisting with maintaining inventory of Meditech and network hardware. User Account Administrator/ Security Team Medical Services of America - Lexington, SC August 2015 to February 2018 ?Administrator of user access accounts in various software and web based applications and portals.  ?Kept Active Directory up to date and maintained. This included uploading pictures for corporate based and regional users, filing in proper organizational units, and keeping phone numbers and physical addresses current.  ?Created, deleted and maintained users in Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange 2007 and 2010, Netsmart EMR clinical system, AllDocs, Brightree and BrightDocs, and other various software applications. Gave proper permissions after verifying users job roles with the proper authorities.  ?Consulted with other IT team leaders in creating and enforcing policies which are optimal for functionality and security. Oversaw and participated in discussions concerning system password policies and resets.  ?Provided end user training on proper usage of applications via remote/ onsite assistance for 4000+ end users.  Analyzes, tests, and makes recommendations on supplemental applications and services that will enhance productivity and compliance. Interfaced with users and associates for maximum guidance in determining the most appropriate use and interpretation of software questions and concerns.  ?Identified and troubleshoot a variety of technical issues, including PC configurations, desktop support via Windows 7 and Windows 8.1, password resets, VPN access, wireless/network connections and software upgrades. Quality Information Manager White Oak Manor - Columbia, SC April 2014 to October 2015 ?Reported directly to Administrator and Director of Nursing.  ? Responsible for ICD-9/ICD-10 coding procedures and sequence claims billing.  ? Assisted and identifies staff education/re-education of data entry during new hire orientations and staff in-services.  ? Reviewed continuous audits of clinical documentation.  ? Responsible for ensuring the accuracy of transcribing, entering and printing of Physicians Orders, medication records, treatment records, patient care records and other items as necessary into AHT.  ? Liaison with pharmacy audit to ensure accuracy of eMAR and eTAR and Physician order clarifications as needed.  ? Responsibility of adhering and maintaining HIPAA Guidelines to safeguard protected health information. Media Director White Oak Manor - Columbia, SC August 2014 to August 2015 ?Front End Developer of lifedestinychurch.com website using XHTML, CSS, HTML5, and CSS3. Maintain all updates to website to ensure accuracy of information and enhancement of visual modifications.  ? Managed all social media. Promotes upcoming events via short video clips, photography, and posters.  ? Managed software (EasyWorship9, Tracktion 5) for media presentations and visual aids via TV monitors, as well as use of soundboard to ensure optimal audio quality for all services, special events, and bible study.  ? development of social media strategies, including app development, to support and promote Life Destiny Church ministries.  ? Sat on leadership committee and staff meetings. Operations Support Manager Omnicare Pharmacy - Annapolis Junction, MD June 2013 to November 2013 ?Reporting Manager and facilitator for New Automated Dispensing Department. Overseer of operations and functions of Automated Dispensing Department, team members, and all Automated Medication Dispensing Devices within Maryland, District of Columbia, and Delaware. Responsible for building a new department and implementation of new processes, and corrective course of action for processes currently in place.  ? Developed and updated Pyxis, Omnicell, and Talyst Training Programs in conjunction with Director and Assistant Directors of Nursing to ensure proper staff education. Maintains Performance Improvement Standards and competencies and assures Automated Dispensing staff develops the necessary technical expertise to meet them  ? Developed and maintained policies and procedure to enhance the safety, efficiency, and security of Pyxis Specialty Stations, Omnicell, and Talyst Systems.  ? Managed contract negotiations, research price and utilization analysis for new Automated Dispensing Devices and cost reduction. Research products and services for business contract retention with various suppliers and facilities.  ? Primary administrator of all Pyxis, Omnicell, and Talyst servers.  ? Reports directly to Director Of Operations to communicate status and performance of Automated Dispensing Department  ? Prepared and maintained monthly schedules and description of duties. Approved reimbursement expenses, paid time off, and payroll via ADP. Managed new hire processes. Managed staff profiles using PeopleCenter. Lead Contract Pharmacy Technician II Fort Belvoir Community Hospital - Fort Belvoir, VA March 2011 to June 2013 ?Responsibility as Lead Contract Pharmacy Technician of 6 technicians included, but not limited to: demonstrating leadership qualities by setting an example as a positive role model, maintaining and submitting payroll time sheets for contractors, problem solving, and onsite contract liaison. Trained on Civilian payroll process.  ? Subject-Matter-Expert and database administrator for Pyxis. Build, pend, load and maintain 100+ Med Stations and Anesthesia Systems. Responsible for educating 1000+ staff members on proper Pyxis protocol, troubleshooting most Pyxis systems and Software configuration within contract agreement, formulary management, Process Improvement Modifications (PIMs), Pyxis remodeling projects, Pyxis dynamic inventory system, as well as issuing Pyxis access to end users. Assisted in writing and maintaining Pyxis Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and How-To Guide. Coordinator of annual Pyxis competency quiz for all staff.  ? Performed data entry and retrieve information within the Composite Health Care System (CHCS) and a variety of other electronic databases. Assisted Pharmacists with dispensing medications to Military personnel and dependents within the Inpatient pharmacy under Department of Defense ( DoD) regulations  ? Assured strict adherence to Federal Law, and corporate guidelines concerning the receipt, storage, shipment of non-controlled and controlled medications, Patient Safety Report (PSR) and exceeding great customer service. Education Certificate in Medical Billing & Coding Sanford Brown Institute June 2010 to December 2010 Skills Production Support, Application Support, System Analyst Additional Information Preparing for Network+ N10-006 certification, IT Help Desk, Web Design (HTML5, CSS3), Graphic Design