Manager, Construction, IT Manager, Construction, <span class="hl">IT</span> Network Engineer Chicago, IL Work Experience Manager, Construction, IT kneadpizzas.com - Chicago, IL March 2017 to Present Assisted in the construction of my brother's restaurant as well as interviewing, hiring, training, and opening phases. Ran all cabling, configured and continuously manage Point of Sale, designed website, and handle delivery and other business services remotely. I'm able to make any menu changes, adjust business hours across multiple platforms, and even forward calls from the restaurant via SIP to my phone. Installed 16 IP cameras, DDNS, and PPTP to manage the camera system, WAPs, routers, switches, amongst other network resources. Network Lab Engineer Experis IT, External service provider for Cisco Systems - Morrisville, NC May 2019 to August 2019 This is Cisco's largest 24x7x365 lab located at their NC headquarters. As a Cisco Lab Engineer we perform recreates mirroring the customer's topology from mostly layers 1 through 3 of the OSI model (VDC, VPC, FEX, LACP, VLAN, 802.1Q, STP, Breakout, StackWise, VSS/VSL, Static Routes, CDP/LLDP, PoE, Telnet/SSH, TFTP/FTP, FW Access Rules, VRF, AAA) to assist the Technical Assistance Engineers so that they can load the customer's configurations, troubleshoot, or discover any software bugs.    We have hands-on to Cisco's entire product line (~$1 billion in assets) consisting of all transceivers and form-factors (XENPAK, X2, GBIC, XFP+, SFP+, SFP28, QSFP+, QSFP28, CFP, QSA), modules, supervisors, linecards, routers, switches, controllers, firewalls, servers, which includes all software and licensing, Catalyst, ISR, ASR, Nexus, NCS, CRS, WLC/WAPs, WAAS, VoIP, ACE, UCS, ASA, and FirePower NGFW in a data center environment allowing us to become masters of the CLI on native IOS, IOS-XE, AireOS, ASA-OS, FX-OS, NX-OS, and IOS-XR.    Along with CLI configurations and patching devices via RJ48 serial, BNC coax, RJ45 copper (CAT5e/CAT6) or fiber (OM3/OM4) SC/LC, SM/MM, DAC, AOC, MPO/MTP (1/10/25/40/100) provided a logical diagram, we also have knowledge of which linecards, supervisors, and fabric modules are compatible with each chassis and OS image (ROMMON expert) and provide remote console and backbone connectivity for these recreates from each device while managing all flavors of Windows and Linux via VMware vSphere and ports for Spirent and Ixia traffic generators. NOC Coordinator Xtreme Consulting Group, External service provider for Daimler - Portland, OR August 2016 to March 2017 As part of the Network Operations Team team at Daimler we coordinated across multiple IT departments with a focus on batch processing for the Z-OS Mainframe and Linux servers. Monitored and edited JCL program language for batch failures due to network, database, resource, or process malfunction.    Multitask and proactive in a high-stress environment while recognizing and troubleshooting a wide range of issues spanning from network connectivity (circuits, devices, load balancers routers, switches, firewalls, controllers, access points, host/network based IDS/IPS (Websense), servers (running processes, disk space, swap, RAM, processor, I/O) and database related issues (locks, contention, performance) across an enterprise network spanning the globe.    We were the main point of contact regarding any incidents. If we weren't able to resolve them in a timely matter we escalated to the appropriate team. For major incidents we would open a conference bridge and gather all interested parties ranging from the entry-level on-call engineer to VP's and executives.    The NOC was almost always first to identify abnormal trends to limit incidents, isolate, and or escalate to maintain a normal network heartbeat. Various GUI and CLI utilities (SNMP) were used (SCCM, vSphere, SolarWinds Orion, WhatsUp Gold, Z-OS monitors, BMC Remedy, MS Office/Outlook, ISP portals for circuit testing, and server access via, SSH, TELNET, RDP, HTTPS). Network & Security Engineer Crate&Barrel - Chicago, IL December 2014 to January 2016 Managed the network and security infrastructure with a team of 3 other engineers for our corporate office, data center, 8 warehouses, and 100+ stores. Our topology consists of L3 MPLS, T1/T3, Broadband, DSL, DWDM PTP circuits over dark fiber, with VPN connectivity.    Ethier EIGRP or OSPF at each site was summarized and redistributed into BGP to the PE over our WAN, some multi-homed using AS Prepend, Weight or Local Preference. We are mostly a Cisco shoppe leveraging Catalyst, ISR, UCS, ACE, WLC, Meraki, Nexus, ASA, and Dell SonicWall.    Configurations were managed via CLI, GUI, SNMP, KIWI, and VBScript using variables, objects, loops and arrays.    The security portion consisted of locking down switch ports for registers to only 1 MAC. Employee SSL VPN (2 Factor) authorization was based on AD groups limiting access to sensitive subnets. Packet captures were inspected (all corporate traffic is mirrored to our DarkTrace (DT) appliance where it can be replayed at another time. DT is machine learning of users habits and patterns and alerts based on abnormal activity (user not known for using certain protocols or ports, accessing secured subnets, data exfiltration, URLs). DPI (prevent tunneling), Access Rules, Object Groups, Zones, ACLs, NAT, IPS, Websense, Proxy, MDM, ISE (BYOD, Device / User authentication based on MAC / AD), AAA (LDAP, RADIUS, TACACS) while remaining PCI compliant.    Duties consisted of maintaining network normalcy, planning, vendor meets, applying best practices, setting up new stores (ordering circuits, configure devices), projects.    All Cisco WLCs were upgraded to Meraki. Heat maps performed and WAPs installed. Made necessary configurations (Firewall Rules, VLANs, Trunks). Upgraded corporate IDFs to Catalyst 3850 stacks and 4500s trunked to our N7K VDCs. Assisted with implementation of mPOS on iPads which made the customer experience more personable and increased sales. Migrated Crate&Barrel URL to AWS. ReIP'd corporate edge subnets. Set up VPN failover routing. Network Operations Analyst Arthur J. Gallagher - Itasca, IL February 2014 to December 2014 Duties consisted of troubleshooting performance and connectivity issues such as latency, packet loss, interface errors, and bandwidth utilization on T1 and T3 circuits while working with stakeholders to ensure performance and availability. Proactively monitor the health of servers and network devices via the tools SolarWinds Orion and SCCM. Analyze Netflow data and facilitate efficient resolution of issues. Created documentation and gave presentations on how to recognize certain issues. Performed ping, traceroute, nslookup, and telnet to specific ports to identify blocked ports. Managed load balancer for server connectivity. Communicated with both internal and external clients via a workflow to identify where the issue was occurring from, whether software or hardware, and removed affected server from the load balancer. Network Operation Technician DeVry Education Group - Oak Brook, IL January 2013 to February 2014 Proactively monitored and remediated issues which may or have occurred throughout the network infrastructure. We were the second line of support. If issues couldn't be resolved by the NOC in a timely matter we would escalate with the appropriate group. Education BS in Network and Communications Management in Network and Communications Management DeVry University - Chicago, IL