Quality Control Analyst Quality Control <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Helpdesk Support Ashburn, VA Seeking a full-time employment in the Information Technology industry. Work Experience Quality Control Analyst Chenega Corporation - Chantilly, VA May 2019 to Present • Receives and distributes paper shipping records; electronic data files and electronic data uploads.  • Records information in logs and in automated tracking systems or other electronic information or record keeping systems concerning files (e.g., adding, deleting, updating, modifying, and correcting tracking records; scanning files; checking files in and checking them out; transferring files; retiring files; recycling files; etc.)  • Researches information systems and finding aids to identify and locate files.  • Identifies, organizes, describes, and labels record materials, as necessary.  • Interfiles documents into files, refile sections, create new file sections physically and on the electronic system, label files, and attach bar code labels to them, scan documents; create electronic file folders.  • Retrieves files and process them for delivery to requesters.  • Maintains files, including the removal of duplicate copies of records, the preparation of substitute closure forms when missing, the replacement of worn or improperly labeled folders, the redistribution of files on the shelves, etc  • Prepares files for transfer to other units or for retirement to the federal records center by labeling, listing, boxing, and otherwise processing them.  • Conducts regular shelf reading and other quality control inventories of files being maintained in all paper and electronic formats Passenger Service Agent, Copa Airlines International Dulles Airport July 2018 to August 2019 • Providing Check-in assistance, ticketing changes, re-booking of itineraries and input information request for passengers  • Answering inquiries regarding information such as schedules, accommodations and procedures  • Entering data of documentation such as tickets, travel insurance policies and itineraries  • Collecting data related to passenger departure and ensuring that passenger comply with safety and regulations  • Able to effectively handle data in a manner that ensures its credibility and integrity, and saves it from being converted into garbage information.  • Ensuring proper boarding and deplaning procedures by operating and controlling the Jet Bridge for all aircraft.  • Controlling the gates by boarding confirmed ticketed passengers on aircraft.  • Keeping data records of flights, passengers and cargo. IT Marketing/ Data Collector Prime Boards - Melbourne VIC November 2017 to June 2018 • Worked as a Search Engine Optimization (SEO) specialist.  • Data collection by outsourcing the market place with different companies   • Created prototypes for their website using the E-commerce service platform.  • Promoted the company on Social Media and optimized their sales.  • Maintained the selling platforms such as EBay, Gumtree, Facebook’s Market Place, and Google.  • Organized the warehouse facility and updated the company’s inventory. IT Help Desk MBH Settlement Group - Chantilly, VA December 2016 to May 2017 • Provided support to customers through phone, email and LAN/WAN • Monitored windows desktop/server administration, MS Exchange, and Active Directory in a • Multi-server environment.  • Remotely controlled the end user's software to troubleshoot and fix user problems.  • Performed hands-on fixes at the desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, hardware, and configuring systems applications.  • Prioritized tickets and escalate to engineers as needed.  • Created new additions on TittleExpress (TSS) software.  • Managed g Sonicwall to detect unwanted emails (Spamfilter) Cyber Security Intern FS-ISAC - Reston, VA October 2015 to June 2016 • Provided SOC ( Security Operations Center) system analyst support.  • Analyzed real-time and historical information, including information provided by the US Government, to identify potential threats to financial services firms.  • Monitored information feeds within the FS-ISAC on a daily basis and compiling a summary report of threats and status information for submission to members.  • Provided status & incident reports daily, weekly, and monthly to financial institutions and government partners.  • ·Deep insight into handling data updating work to ensure that each collected and saved data field remains updated and accurate  •  Developed in-depth knowledge of sector assets, activities and constituents to provide meaningful critical information support.  • Maintained situational awareness reports for advanced threats such as Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) and Focused Operations (FO) incidents. Customer Service BMW - Sterling, VA May 2015 to September 2015 Shift Leader Potbelly - Ashburn, VA December 2009 to August 2014 Education B.S. in Information Systems Virginia Commonwealth University - Richmond, VA September 2015 Skills C+ (Less than 1 year), CSS (Less than 1 year), data entry (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information SKILLS  • Experience troubleshooting hardware, software and data entry  • Software languages: HTML, CSS, C++, JavaScript, VB.NET, Java  • Proficient in Excel, Access, Visio, Outlook, Adobe  • Researching, planning, installing, configuring and maintaining operating systems.    RELATED