Self Contractor Self Contractor Marion, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Self Contractor I.T. TECH July 2011 to Present Fill out and document work on invoice for each client, Track current and delinquent payments from clients, Perform service calls as needed, Update client database with new clients, Perform Remote management of client firewalls, Troubleshoot and maintain End user devices, laptops, desktops, home networks, Business networks, Server side maintenance and update of devices, users, and policies, etc, perform security patches (updates) Cable management, Documentation of server rooms, networks, and anything else as needed. Scuba Diver/ Search and Rescue Franklin County Sheriff's Office - Benton, IL July 2010 to January 2019 Open water through PDIC, Advanced training through SSI, and Dive Team. Work and train in a team environment above water and underwater practical Training. CPR, Rope and Tinder, Equipment Maintenance, Dive Team Trailer Organization and Maintenance, Grid Line Search Pattern Training, Self Rescue Procedures and Training, Rescue Diver Training, Backup Diver Training, Safety Diver Training, Shore support Training, Air Fill Station Operator non mix, To respond on call for various calls such as Person in water, Submerged Vehicle, Evidence Recovery, Firearms, Knives, etc. All Water is Pitch Black with no visibility I have over 300 dives and counting. Operations Specialist/I.T. Security Analyst Franklin County Emergency Management Agency - Benton, IL July 2010 to August 2018 Coordinate emergency services and disaster preparation,  ? Perform all I.T. Technology needs, maintenance of Business style network, firewall log monitoring, port forwarding, security of Desktops, printers, accesspoints, end users, security camera monitoring and installation, phone network over Blue Phone Technology, including two phone lines with call hold, fax line etc, Keeping employee computer use policy up to date, and anything else as needed. Firefighter Christopher Fire Dept - Christopher, IL July 2010 to May 2015 Responsible for Submitting Incident reports to state fire Marshall's Office, Daily duties assigned by Lieutenant, or Officer on Duty, Respond to Emergency, and Non Emergency Calls, Interact with local agencies on planning, including, Police, other area Fire Dept, EMS, schools, local businesses, Enforcing Fire Code etc Communications Officer Marion Police Dept October 2014 to April 2015 Coordinate police, fire, and ems, 911 call taking and transfers to Illinois state police, and local county municipality, Report writing and a high speed multitasking, communication writing, and dispatching calls accordingly, large interaction with public relations, and government relations, all else as required. Education John A. Logan College - Carterville, IL August 2016 to May 2017 Du Quoin High School May 2011 Skills MAINTENANCE (6 years), SECURITY (6 years), DOCUMENTATION (6 years), MODEM (Less than 1 year), NETWORK DESIGN (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses First Responder April 2010 to Present License Number 060304491  License Type FR - First Responder  License Status Active  Issue Date April 01, 2010  Expiration Date     Perform Emergency Medical Services, level is below an EMT-B Underground and surface coal mining certification May 2018 to Present Additional Information Skills  Repairing and servicing laptops, desktops, servers, routers, access points, and networking equipment. Installing and maintaining security cameras, building specific layouts for network design and firewall maintenance. Paloalto Ace 7.0 configurator certification. Server room documentation and cable management, modem installation. Classes completed-firewall and vpns, cyber crimes, network security, intro to networking, operating systems, security awareness, networking essentials, and intro to computers.    Outgoing and Love interacting with people getting to know what people need, and what makes them motivated for a better tomorrow.