Case Analyst II Case <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II Phoenix, AZ Work Experience Case Analyst II Cognosante February 2019 to May 2019 Contract assignment 01/2018-05/2018 Target - Tempe, AZ October 2018 to December 2018 • Customer account troubleshooting  • Tracked and processed online orders  • Processed requests for refunds or replacements  • Timely and accurate documentation reflecting each customer resolution Contract Administrative Assistant Masthead International - Phoenix, AZ May 2017 to October 2017 • Organized and maintained personnel files  • Created and renamed job files  • Filed, updated and organized AP files  • Sent out all Fed-ex and other correspondences as requested Case Analyst Phoenix, AZ January 2017 to May 2017 • Research and verify coverage from Insurance companies  • Work with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services applications  • Applying appropriate research and technical knowledge to resolve outstanding issues in a timely and accurate manner  • Understanding and following escalation criteria to forward complex or unresolvable cases to Tier 2 analyst teams Receptionist Southwestern Scale Co - Phoenix, AZ September 2015 to July 2016 • Answers phones and transfers to appropriate parties.  • Assists with Service time sheets and payroll.  • Assisting with the deposits for the Owner.  • Assists accounting with credit card payments.  • Reconciles credit card payments at the end of the month. IT Administrative Assistant Arizona Supreme Court - Phoenix, AZ June 2014 to April 2015 * Plan and book travel arrangements for up to 8 employees.  * Track and prioritize budget costs.  * Draft meeting agendas, supply advance materials and execute follow-up meetings and team conferences for judicial staff.  * Assist Project Manager with assignments and project schedules. Security/Receptionist Arizona Department of Education - Phoenix, AZ July 2012 to October 2012 * Answering multi-line phones and routing calls as appropriate.  * Greeting and directing visitors.  * Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.  * Managed the receptionist area as a key point of contact for all outside visitors and vendors needing to gain access to the building.  * Maintained and reserved the executive conference room calendar. Procurement Assistant Arizona Department of Economic Security - Phoenix, AZ February 2012 to May 2012 * Followed through with Procurement policies and issues Demand for Assurance to contractors that were not in compliance within the contract terms and conditions.  * Verified that coordination sheets to ensure that correct information matched contractor records.  * Verified correct language usage was in the contract when processing Amendments, RFP, and IGAs. Administrative Assistant Arizona Department of Health Services - Phoenix, AZ October 2005 to December 2008 * Generate Purchase Requests, Purchase Orders, and Direct pays, for service, office equipment and contracts that required following Procurement guidelines.  * Planned travel arrangements for 25 executives and staff members within the agency.  * Timekeeper for 13 state employees, tracked and input time and leave hours into HRIS system. Education High school or equivalent Skills arrangements (4 years), HR INFORMATION SYSTEM (3 years), HRIS (3 years), Procurement (3 years), travel arrangements (4 years), Administrative Assistant, Receptionist, Billing, Quickbooks, Scheduling