Security and Compliance Business Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> and Compliance Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Saint Paul, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security and Compliance Business Analyst Assurant / Zillion Technology - Woodbury, MN April 2019 to Present • Enforce Security and Compliance for internal users access to applications and databases.  • Analyze and manipulate internal users data using Power Query within Microsoft Excel to ensure efficiency and accuracy of user access.  • Uses Service Now to submit request to resolve access issues and requests data reports.  • Initiate meetings with various department manager's for the Periodic Access Review (PAR) for their applications or databases.  • Generate reports from Active Directory and Mainframe database.  • Work with team members to implement and improve process procedures.  • Document and standardized procedures process. Data and Information System Analyst / IT Support FLS Connect - Oakdale, MN July 2018 to March 2019 • Write and execute queries to import, export, build, and modify reports and data records/tables through MSSMS (Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio) and T-SQL (Transact-SQL) to add/convert/update data records.  • Analyze data records to ensure efficiency and/or errors using excel spreadsheet, MSSMS and SQL Server Reporting before sending finalized records to clients.  • Uses Power BI to assist with our Business Intelligence team to create models, analyze, and project visualization models for our in-house data records.  • Uses Adobe Dreamweaver and Notepad++ to analyze, create, modify, and complied scripts (wav and ht files scripts) for outbound and inbound calling projects.  • Communicate and analyze queries on MSSMS stored-procedures with Database Admin to ensure efficiencies, security and minimized errors between our database server and our client's records.  • Help desk support for hardware, software, applications and system configuration setup with remote users, call centers and in-house offices using remote access through LogMeIn/RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) application.  • Work directly with project managers and account executives to test and analyze any system issues/errors for internal and external calling projects. SR. Assistant Trust Officer Lead / Research Analyst US BANK - Saint Paul, MN December 2015 to July 2018 • Test and analyze new internal applications, new procedures and processes.  • Analyze, research and resolve complex exceptions and disputes from clients and team members.  • Worked directly with project managers on implementation and provided consultation for internal database consistency.  • Analyze and audit new and modified home mortgage loan files on a daily basis.  • Supervise and disburse daily production tasks to team members and conduct electronic communications internal and external partners.  • Audit mortgage files of all team members and provide cross training to ensure quality and standards are being met. Research and Remediation Analyst WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE - Minneapolis, MN May 2015 to August 2015 • Review and research on GFE (Good Faith Estimate) changes to approve or reject the changes on mortgage documentation, including; loan amount, property address, etc.  • Communicate with Underwriter and Loan Officer through multiple communication channels including email, instant messaging, and phone calls to obtain corrected or changed pricing on the GFE.  • Gather daily workflow and finalize decision; ELF (Electronic Loan File), review final documentation of the customer's entire mortgage file.  • Daily use of multiple programs, including MS Word and Outlook for note taking and communications with Underwriters and Sales representatives. Federal Student Loan Auditor IQOR - Plymouth, MN July 2014 to May 2015 • Review customer files for federal student loan repayment and program requirements; verify information and escalate cases that require further analysis and research.  • Review customer income and payment history; handle all incoming correspondence according to assigned activities and responsibilities.  • Calculate and determine customer monthly federal student loan payments based on current income and household size, adhering to process rules and procedures.  • Navigate multiple systems and programs to review confidential information relating to individual customers. Home Preservation Closer WELLS FARGO HOME MORTGAGE/ DasErte LTD- Select QC - Bloomington, MN April 2013 to July 2014 • Review Freddie Mac modification loans; Security Instrument (Modification), Note, and Worksheet (Cap Sheet) to verify borrower(s) information and modification data the borrower(s) have agreed upon.  • Work with HPS (Home Preservation Specialist) to ensure all requirements for the modification settlements are analyzed correctly.  • Proficient in the following programs and software: CPI/Fidelity/MSP, LPS Desktop, LM Workout, Auto Workout Complete, ICMP-LIV, ERLMF Workflow, WII, Cash Reversal, Excel and PTS (Production Tracking System). Education AAS degree in Business Information Technology St. Paul College - Saint Paul, MN Skills Microsoft Office, Powerpoint, Typing, Management, Business Development, Data Entry, Microsoft Power Query, Business Analysis, SQL