IT Business Analyst, Operational Risk and Assessment oversight <span class="hl">IT</span> Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, Operational Risk and Assessment oversight IT Business Analyst, Operational Risk and Assessment oversight - Well Fargo Bank Charlotte, NC Dynamic IT Professional with over six plus years of experience in Business Analysis, quality assurance Scrum master and information security. Proficient in full SDLC, Payroll Accounting, Quantitative Analysis and Oracle relational database management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Analyst, Operational Risk and Assessment oversight Well Fargo Bank - Charlotte, NC October 2018 to Present • Coordinate production of periodic and ad hoc operational risk performance reports for senior management, including, trend analysis and recommendations  • Partner with SHRP (Shared Risk Platform) reporting to data warehouse teams to understand data structure optimize dashboard performance  • Develop a front end navigation scheme to support a formal dashboard portfolio strategy including strategic tactical and operational dashboards  • Help to develop and manage the tableau semantics layer through reusable optimized data source  • Exploiting opportunities to migrate existing legacy reports into Tableau  • Coordinate test plans to ensure accuracy to report logic and report data  • Design review and ongoing mentainance and support of data quality reports working directly with the reporting resources  • Served as the team's TFS Admin responsible for the initial setup of request /sprints /boards and responsible for reporting generation, status communication. IT Business Analyst/ Scrum Master Customer Identity and Access Management Premier Inc - Charlotte, NC June 2018 to September 2018 • Create SharePoint Workflow and task development using SharePoint designer.  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX shell scripts.  • Provide leadership in project activities and problem resolution  • Work with programmers to meet critical deadline; conduct follow-up to analyze efficiency of project.  • To Design checks, validations, mappings, calculations, data reconciliations and implement changes relevant to regulatory reporting.  • Extensively built dashboards using techniques for guided analytics, interactive dashboard design, and visual best practices to convey the story inside the data using Tableau.  • Create pivot tables and charts using worksheet data and external data resources for reporting.  • Design, record, and execute macros to automate data entry inputs. IT Business Analyst, Global Information Security Catalyst - Conshohocken, PA February 2015 to June 2018 • Acts as a liaison between client area and technical organization by planning, conducting, and directing the analysis of highly complex business problems to be solved with automated systems.  • Experience with requirements gathering design, configuration, development, implementation and administration of SharePoint application  • Assist the project manager with activities like effort estimation, resource management, issue/risk analysis, milestone tracking and associated documentation.  • Planned and implemented testing schedules and procedures to ensure optimal SharePoint function  • Provides technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet business requirements.  • Interact with the stakeholders and the subject matter experts (SME's) to get a better understanding of Client's Business Processes and elicit requirements in sync with the scope of the project.  • . Serves as the liaison between Metrics and Dashboard Team and Governance, Metric & Analytics and Global Data service team to make sure that any requests that comes through the intake process enters the Metric and Dashboard queue and align to the right category.  • Creating complex reports implementing advanced Excel skills (spreadsheets, complex formulas, Pivot tables, VLOOKUP, POWERPIVOTS & etc.)  • Serves as the team's JIRA Admin responsible for the initial setup of request/sprints/boards and, responsible for report generation, status communication and training on JIRA.  • Assists with the drafting of Business Justification, Requirement and Design documents.  • Managing and publishing dashboards and engage in Root cause analysis and resolutions for publication issues.  • Drive QA/QC activities around metric data and accurate publication with scorecards and Dashboards.  • Participate in Scrum and Sprint Planning meetings, ensured successful and timely project implementation. Assisted the PMO during transformation from Waterfall to Agile and coached development teams on agile principles, evangelizing the benefits to ensure its smooth adoption.  • Responsible for aligning talent across portfolio priorities while managing budgets and project deadlines.  • Updated and maintained standards and best Agile practices across teams with attention to detail.  • Experience with requirements gathering design, configuration, development, implementation and administration of SharePoint applications.  • Collaborated with product owner on Release planning, sprint planning, story grooming, and demo meetings.  • Attended meetings with leading advertising firms, business intelligence platform companies and marketing organizations to choose the best possible marketing strategy for the product.  • Ability to communicate effectively both orally and written. Ability to tailor the communication of complex information for different audiences.  • Consistently practiced great multi-tasking, priority analysis, reporting, and time-management skills in high pressure situations.  • Communicated team velocity and sprint/release progress through careful tracking and supported continuous improvement within the team through retrospectives. Business Analyst / Scrum Master Tezza Business Solutions Ltd - Charlotte, NC October 2013 to January 2015 • Experienced in creating various documentations, such as Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Specifications (FSD), Systems Design Specification (SDS), Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM), Use Cases, and testing documents from scratch and preparing reports on Capital Market projects.  • Organize SharePoint content and structure data into SharePoint data, lists and pages.  • Participating in creation of the Test Plan and Setting up the test environment, preparation and acquisition of test data.  • Creating and executing selenium Test Cases and Reporting defects.  • Analysis, review and assessment of user requirements, specifications and models for testability.  • Manage spreadsheets and maintain data currency to ensure accurate data availability for managers and decision-makers.  • Creation and maintenance of SharePoint usernames, access rights and group permissions.  • Creation of test cases tracing back to requirements and design, execution of test cases and defect management.  • Worked extensively with Finance team and Data Warehouse Team to understand the regulatory requirements and analyzed various phases of the reporting cycle and data models.    • Perform data analysis by accessing the data using queries or reporting tools including mapping the business functions to the data and data models.  • Coordinated various agile ceremonies such as sprint planning, sprint retrospective and daily scrum meetings and reviewed various reports in JIRA for defect resolving. Worked in the Agile working environment, creating user stories, test cases. Following up with daily, weekly sprints are my daily tasks.  • Actively participated in presenting the capabilities of the startup and projecting what the team is capable of.  • Created, modified and enhanced business requirement documents and functional requirement documents. Played an active role from facilitating the kickoff meeting till the final sign offs with the stakeholder.  • Created and maintained project plans, meeting summaries, status reports, risk and issue logs, change management and performed Feasibility, Impact, Cost/Benefit analysis.  • Worked in converting the business requirements into test plans and approves test scripts for the testing team to work accordingly.  • Responsible for keeping track of the daily requested data transfer jobs, Requirements Elicitation, Scrum Ceremonies, UAT and Production Releases.  • Gathered and consolidated the business requirements and assisted in preparing Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Requirements Specification (FRS). As Is and To Be process flow.  • Worked with the SMEs and Application Support Teams to identify system interaction, data usage and utility processes in order to prepare functional specifications.  • Follow Daily Scrum process and responsible for ensuring timely and accurate artifacts maintained in project repository on SharePoint. Business Analyst /Database Administrator Standard Chartered Bank PLC - New York, NY November 2012 to October 2013 • Extensively built dashboards using techniques for guided analytics, interactive dashboard design, and visual best practices to convey the story inside the data using Tableau.  • Create pivot tables and charts using worksheet data and external data resources for reporting.  • Design, record, and execute macros to automate data entry inputs.  • Worked closely with Application Developers to design/create new Oracle databases/create new schemas/database objects, as well as making database changes from DEV to PROD, via TST following requests/demands from the development team.  • Create oracle databases (single instance) on configured servers using both the DBCA & Database creation scripts, develop and implement automated data backup and restoration procedures.  • Diagnose and Troubleshoot Database Problems and failures, involved in the Design (Logical & Physical) of Databases.  • Create SharePoint Workflow and task development using SharePoint designer.  • Monitor database systems and provide technical support for database system issues and application performance enhancement/improvement using both Oracle 10g Grid Control & SQL*Plus, as well as UNIX shell scripts. Education MBA Melville University NY December 2020 Bachelors in Geography in Geography University of Buea Skills SHAREPOINT, TABLEAU, SQL, JIRA, SELENIUM, TEST PLAN, UAT, USE CASE, APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT, BATCH TESTING, VISIO, REMEDY, FUNCTIONAL TESTING, TEST CASES, USER ACCEPTANCE, ACCEPTANCE TESTING, QUALITY ASSURANCE, TESTING TOOLS, BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS, EXCEL, testing, Security, HTML, access