Support Engineer Support Engineer Support Engineer - BioMarin Pharmaceuticals Oakland, CA Enthusiastic software engineer seeking an opportunity to utilize my programming skills. Hard working leader with great problem solving skills and a passion for handling complex technical issues. Knowledge of web applications, software, and framework. Work Experience Support Engineer BioMarin Pharmaceuticals - San Rafael, CA March 2019 to Present Provide L2 application support for major GxP applications by creating and maintaining work instructions for L2 application support staff and creating service desk instructions for GxP and non GxP applications. Also, provide assistance with account management incidents and tasks in Service Now. Oversee L1 application support audits. Assist with assigning training and create reports via ComplianceWire. Assist with application access for third party vendors. Maintain metrics for L1 and L2 Service Now tickets.    Achievements  • Successfully took on additional role and incorporated into my support engineer role when ComplianceWire support engineer left the company saving the company money by not having to fill the role.  • Successfully indivividually linked all missing data back to a GxP application that was not in compliance with FDA guidelines in 48 hours - a task that normally takes several weeks and is done by multiple team members.  • Onboarded several applications by creating work instructions and service desk instructions while working with system owners to ensure FDA compliance and ensuring SLAs are not breached. Remote Technical Support VI Digital - Atlanta, GA August 2014 to Present First point of contact for employees seeking technical assistance over the phone or email. Perform troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions. Record events and problems and their resolution logs. Provide helpdesk support to end-users of proprietary software. Answer questions about product features and resolve use problems. Document all issues and generate reports detailing common problems. Escalate service questions to appropriate client representatives.    Achievements  • Assisted in making changes to desktop rollout procedures, reducing desktop imaging to 20 minutes, instead of two hours.  • Helped retain customers and increase sales by reconfiguring buggy e-commerce platform, in collaboration with web marketing team.  • Contributed toward network installation encompassing 150 workstations, 50 printers, and 4 communication rooms with supporting infrastructure. Move was accomplished within 3 weeks. Senior Eligibility Worker City and County of San Francisco - San Francisco, CA July 2016 to March 2019 Performed a variety of technical duties in the review and determination of initial and continuing client eligibility to make eligibility determinations for public assistance programs in a variety of human service programs.    Achievements  • Improved the county budget by using 85% less county resources and 85% more federal resources.  • Assisted with training new hires on day to day tasks and cyber security policies that apply to the position.  • Assisted with implementing and training on new database software to store client and payment information. IT- Security Analyst Intern DocuSign - San Francisco, CA May 2016 to August 2017 Researched and accessed cybersecurity challenges from technical and business perspectives. Supported evaluation of new hardware/ software to include evaluations and testing. Worked with Cyber Security personnel to implement security training during on -boarding. Assisted with managing system information security architecture, design, installation, operational planning, and risk remediation activities on more than 15 server/systems worldwide. Conducted risk assessments and collaborated with team to provide recommendations regarding critical infrastructure and network security operations enhancements.    Achievements  • Partnered with Tier II and Tier III help desk peers based in Brazil and Seattle, Washington to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions.  • Received "outstanding" ratings on performance reviews on annual review, with top marks in teamwork, customer service, communication skills and technical problem-solving.  • Created, respond to, escalated, and closed tickets that were security related. Tracked all outstanding tickets, working closely with Tier II Technician to ensure any problems were resolved in timely manner. Education B. S. in Software Engineering California State University Monterey Bay - Seaside, CA 2018 Merritt College - Oakland, CA 2016 A.S. in Psychology Berkeley City College - Berkeley, CA 2015 Skills C++, Docker, Html, Json, Php, Python, Itil, Hipaa, Iso, Metasploit, Nessus, Nist, Nmap, Qualys, Wireshark, Css, Security, Sql, Java, Risk analysis, Active Directory, System Administrator, Tech Support, Desktop Support, O365 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/courtney-dunbar Additional Information Technical Skills  Languages: Python, Java, C, C++, PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL, Golang, JSON  Environments: Linux, Mac, Windows, Cloud  Frameworks:  NIST, HIPAA, DoD Directive 8570.01, Sarbanes-Oxley, ISO 2700x, ITSM, ITIL, auditing standards and frameworks, and risk analysis frameworks    Tools: Docker with Kubernetes, NMap, Burp Suite, Nessus, Metasploit, Wireshark, ArcSight, Qualys  Skills:  Security domains, organization, project management customer service, detail and process oriented, independent and self-motivated worker, multitask between complex projects, leadership