Generation Security Analyst Generation <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Generation Security Analyst - Vistra Energy Irving, TX • Professional Systems Engineer, Security Analyst, and United States veteran with over nineteen years of experience with: Linux and Windows  operating systems, server management, security analysis, diagnosis, repair, installation, documentation, training, and staff leadership experience.  • B.S. in Information Technology Management, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, MCP, MCSA 2003 Certifications.  • Exceptional problem analysis, troubleshooting, and issue resolution skill sets.  • Proven full life cycle process/ project management capacity.  • Department of Defense Secret Security Clearance - Inactive  Core Technology Competencies  Backup  • NetBackup • Symantec BackupExec 2010 • Veeam Backup and Replication Community Edition • Veritas Backup Exec  Firewall  • Owl Cybersecurity Diode • pfSense Firewall • Palo Alto Next Generation Firewall • Palo Alto Panorama  Hardware  • Cisco Routers and Switches • Dell GX workstations • Dell PowerEdge • Dell Remote Access Controller (Drac) • Forescout • HP Integrated Lights out (ILO) • HP ProLiant Blade server • HP Thin Client • Tandberg Codian Multipoint Control Unit  Linux  • Nagios • OpenSSH • Rsyslog • SpaceWalk • Splunk • Squid Proxy • Webmin  Networking  • Cisco • Netgear • pfSense • Ubiquiti  Operating System  • Linux CentOS 7 • Linux Redhat 7 • Linux Ubuntu 18 • Windows NT/2000/2003/2008/2012/2016 • Windows 98/XP/7/10  Security  • AD Audit Manager • AD Audit Plus • AlienVault • CarbonBlack Incident Response • F-Secure Protection Service for Business • FTK imager • Nessus • Nexpose • pfBlockerNG • PhishMe Small Business Server • SecureWorks • Snare • Snort • Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager • SquidGuard Proxy Filter • Trend Micro Worry Free Business Security Advanced Endpoint Protection • Wireshark  Software  • Altiris IT Management Suite • Blackberry Enterprise Server 4/5 • Compose 2.0.03 • Dell Open Manage System Administrator • GCCS-M • Ivanti Patch Management • Livelink Document Management Server • NetIQ • Norton Ghost • NPview • Remedy Ticketing • SolarWinds • Sysaid Ticketing System • Tandberg Video Teleconferencing Suite • VCON Video Conferencing Server  VMware  • VMware ESXi 5.0/ 5.5/ 6.0/ 6.5/ 6.7 • VMware vCenter Appliance • VMware vCenter Windows • VMware vRanger • VMware vSphere 5.0/ 5.5/ 6.0  Windows  • Active Directory • Azure • Bitlocker • Clustering • DHCP • DNS • Exchange 5.5/ 2000/ 2003/ 2007/ 2010/ 2016/ Office 365 • File and Print • FSMO • Group Policy • IIS 3.0/ 5.0/ 6.0/ 7.0 • Lync Server • LDAP • PowerShell • Skype For Business Server 2015 • System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) • Windows Deployment Server • WINS • Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) Work Experience Generation Security Analyst Vistra Energy - Irving, TX 2018 to Present Administer and manage firewalls, networks, and servers for Generation Power plants in the Vistra Energy Fleet.  Roles and responsibilities that include: Palo Alto Next Generation firewalls for boundary defense, analyze splunk and firewall  logs for alerts and anomalies, administer Linux and Windows servers that provide internal services behind the boundary, patch and antivirus management for servers.  • Lead project to upgrade and patch global placement system devices used for network time protocol at power plants prior to a y2k like event.  • Assisted project to Upgrade Palo Alto firewalls to 8.1 with panorama.  • Lead Project to upgrade VMware ESXi 5.5 hosts to 6.5.  • Analyzed Splunk and firewall logs for any unusual traffic that didn't meet baseline.  • Assisted project to install Forescout devices at every power plant in the Vistra fleet.  • Updated generation fleet power plant firewall policy rules to baseline.  • Assisted project to update patching solution for Linux and Windows servers with Ivanti patching.  • Traveled to medium impact power plants to gather NERCIP compliance data for networks that are IP based.  • Maintained security patching and antivirus updates to servers on a weekly and monthly basis.  • Managed projects using agile management with Jira Software. IT Consultant - Contractor N3 IT Solutions 2017 to 2018 Provided consultant services for small business owner which includes: IT Security proof of concept  and architecture, two factor authentication, patch management, network design upgrades, after hours support.  • Assisted configuration of Exchange Online for Office 365 computer users.  • Lead project that allows multi factor authentication for Microsoft Remote Desktop Protocol sessions with duo mobile.  • Lead project to test and configure Alien Vault SIEM solution for a small business.  • Lead project to test and utilize PhishMe Small Business Server to introduce phishing training to computer users.  • Provided testing and evaluation to upgrade existing routing and firewall infrastructure with pfSense router/firewall.  • Maintained and administered Exchange Online services with hybrid on premise and Office 365 mailboxes.  • Provide training for administration of Trend Micro Worry Free Business Security advanced endpoint protection.  • Utilized Windows Server Update Services to utilize patch management to servers and workstations.  • Utilized Spacewalk software for patch management to CentOS servers. Enterprise Security Analyst Triumphgroup Inc - Arlington, TX 2014 to 2017 • Assessed incoming threats and developed plans to close loopholes using AlienVault software  • Blacklisted any flagged IP's and domain names that are used for phishing and malicious activity.  • Created reports from Nexpose to provide patch management for vulnerabilities, flaws, and security updates to workstations and laptops using Windows SCCM.  • Ensure software is patched and able to protect from threats.  • Educated business unit managers, IT development team, and the user community about risks and security controls.  • Investigate potential or actual security violations or incidents to identify issues and areas that require new security measures or policy changes using ADAudit software  • Implemented Phishing training through PhishMe small business server to educate computer users.  • Maintained and Administered security specific servers such as Nexpose, Nessus, ADAudit Plus, ADManager, and AlienVault.  • Managed the SIEM infrastructure.  • Managed Server team to utilize Windows Server Update Services to utilize patch management to servers based on reports from Nexpose  • Monitor the security of critical systems (e.g., e-mail servers, database servers, web servers, etc) and changes to highly sensitive computer security controls to ensure appropriate system administrative actions, investigate and report on noted irregularities using Nexpose  • Utilized Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), forensics, sniffers, and malware analysis tools. VMware Systems Engineer - Chipton Ross Contractor Triumphgroup Inc - Grand Prairie, TX 2012 to 2014 • Tier 3 systems engineer role to create virtual machine templates for windows 2003 and 2008 servers to be used for deployment to over 8 sites.  • Assisted in the exchange migration of Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2010 using Quest software.  • Patched vulnerability, flaws, and security updates to workstations and laptops using Windows SCCM.  • Provided 24/7 support for on call troubleshooting of high visibility production servers.  • Provided windows systems engineer expertise in maintaining domain controllers, all aspects of active directory, DNS, WINS, and GPO management for 2 domains.  • Major role in the datacenter move of over 20 VMware servers which hosted over 200 virtual machines from Grand Prairie location to the newest location of Arlington, Texas.  • Maintained and administered Exchange 2003 and 2010 infrastructre.  • Provided local network support for three sites for Cisco switches.  • Provided implementation and support for migration of windows 2003 domain to windows 2008 domain including hybrid mix of supporting both domains until the full migration completed.  • Supported a Global Collaboration environment using F5 firewalls to provide multinational support through a segregated environment for shared resources.  • Utilized Windows Server Update Services and SCCM to utilize patch management to servers and workstations. Wintel Administrator - Contractor Sagent Partners - Euless, TX 2011 to 2012 • Administered and managed 200 Dell PowerEdge servers which consisted of: Active Directory Domain Controllers, SQL 2008, Exchange 2003 + 2007, Symantec Backup Exec, Symantec, Altiris IT Management Suite, Blackberry Enterprise Server, and SharePoint servers.  • Commission & decommission servers, monitor network performance, provide technical support, diagnose & repair various hardware problems, and configure servers.  • Evaluated software & hardware packages for technical refresh of network which includes: Tandberg 6000MXP & 170MXP units, HP Blade Servers, HP Thin Clients, Microsoft Windows 2003.  • Provided patch management for Windows servers using Altiris Patch Management.  • Resolved more than 2,000 Tier 2 Wintel tickets and trained three new administrators.  • Spearheaded commissioning of 40+ servers utilizing standard operating procedures and baselines. Flag Staff Windows Systems Administrator - Contractor Mantech IS&T - San Diego, CA 2008 to 2010 • Administered and managed Windows 2000 infrastructure, including two Active Directory Domain Controllers for 400 users, SQL 2000, Exchange 2000 clusters, WSUS, Symantec BackupExec servers, VCON, and IIS 5.0 systems.  • Assisted in project to implement thin client workstations to replace desktop workstations at various security facilities to meet requirement of Department of Defense.  • Attended weekly program office meetings to discuss project management, the network, various project sites, tech refresh, deployments, and downtime at project sites.  • Lead Project to configure, test, and implement Tandberg Video Teleconferencing System for better bandwidth and viewing for VTC's.  • Traveled to various locations to upgrade U.S. Navy encryption software, develop networks, and implement procedures.  • Utilized Windows Server Update Services to utilize patch management to servers and workstations. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Management National University - School of Engineering & Technology - San Diego, CA