2nd Lieutenant-Military Intelligence Officer (Transitioning) 2nd Lieutenant-Military Intelligence Officer (Transitioning) 2nd Lieutenant-Military Intelligence Officer (Transitioning) - United States Army National Guard Laurel, MD U.S Army 2ND Lieutenant with Active Secret Security Clearance and 5 years of proven experience in the United States Army National Guard. Managed risk upon multiple lines to protect assets, property, and equipment valued over $67M while meeting the expectations of senior leadership. Dependable professional interested in Cyber Security job positions with any company that can apply analytical, technical, and innovation skills to support and guard organizations against security breaches while keeping them FISMA/NIST compliant. With my military experiences, I know how to collaborate with people to bring a better result. I am eager to work with a team of analysts, Security Control Assessors, ISSO, stakeholders to defend digital files and electronic infrastructure. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience 2nd Lieutenant-Military Intelligence Officer (Transitioning) United States Army National Guard - Baltimore, MD March 2019 to Present ·      Lead small, tactical military police units and organizations  ·      Supervise the execution of military police Battlefield functions: Maneuver and mobility support operations (reconnaissance and surveillance), Area security operations (site security and response), Law & order operations (law enforcement and developing host-nation police forces), Internment/resettlement operations (military prisoners and enemy combatants), and Police intelligence operations.   ·      Supervise company-wide operations and plan training.  ·      Supervised teams in support of security and installation law and operations. Scrum Master ECOFarm - Rhode - Island, TX, US April 2016 to Present • Coordinated and facilitate daily scrum, backlog grooming, sprint planning, sprint review and sprint retrospective.  • Guide the team and organization on how to use Agile/Scrum practices and values  • Supporting and educating the Product Owner on managing and sustaining the backlog up to date and prioritization.  • Facilitate cross-team dependencies and help eliminate impediments across team.  • Facilitating discussion, decision making, conflict resolution, and completion of work.  • Experience with Project Management/Agile responsibilities.  • Experience with Agile and project manager software like Jira, SharePoint, and Project Online.  • Supported Product Management organization throughout the entire product lifecycle: from initial customer discussions through testing and release.  • Worked with clients and internal stakeholders to evaluate product requests submitted through Free Wheel's Product Forum.  • As a Scrum master, I have participated and I'm aware of agile ceremonies user story grooming, sprint planning, and sprint retrospective which my team uses constantly.  • I am able to break the larger epics into smaller user stories, groom user stories and make accurate estimates through story points.  • I have groomed user stories effectively along with product owners and team players.  • I have also chosen agile methods and particular sprint durations for many projects. Aviation | Platoon Leader US Army National Guard - Edgewood, MD December 2017 to May 2019 Security Clearance: May 2015  • Remove and install aircraft subsystem assemblies such as engines, rotors, gearboxes, transmissions and mechanical flight controls  • Service and lubricate aircraft and subsystems  • Inspect and repair aircraft wings, fuselages and tail assemblies  • Prepare aircraft for inspections and maintenance checks  • Assist in diagnosing/troubleshooting  • Preference in mathematics and shop mechanics  • Interest in working with aircraft and engine mechanics  • Ability to use hand and power tools IT Security Analyst Washington Tech October 2013 to June 2017 • Performing daily ongoing (A&A) Assessment and Authorization projects in support of client security system.  • Conducting kick off meetings to categorize agency's systems per NIST requirements of Low, Moderate or High system.  • Conducting IT controls risk assessments that include reviewing organizational polices, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Reviewing and update of the System Security Plan (SSP) using NIST SP 800-18 guidelines.  • Knowledge of the entire RMF process and its compliance using NIST 800 series publications and standards.  • Supporting client with creating SOP as evidence in ongoing POA&M remediation process.  • Experience in system classification and categorization using RMF process to ensure system CIA. This ensures complaint security control selections and implementation for continuous system protection.  • Supporting client in creating findings for POA&Ms as part of ongoing remediation process.  • Supporting client in creating memos for POAMs that past Scheduled Completion Dates.  • Communicates effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates and senior leadership.  • Possess a strong work ethic, positive attitude, great analytical skills, and team player.  • Performed Vulnerability Assessment using Nessus Scan.  • Assist with risk assessment and incident response procedures Helicopter Mechanic US Army National Guard December 2014 to May 2017 Security Clearance: May 2015  • Command of a platoon consisting of 44 soldiers, including two rifle squads.  • Plan missions as well as MOS sustainment training and ensure that all soldiers are actively engaged in all trainings and are up to date with their routine training.  • Attend meetings with senior officers for planning, and brief the platoon sergeants as well as other non-commissioned officers.  • Ensure that all maintenance procedures are followed according to the manual.  • Assist crew members and pilots in preparing for missions. Education Master's of Science in International Law and Human Rights Seton Hall University 2019 to Present Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice University of Maryland University College August 2017 to May 2019 Associate in Basic Training & Advanced Individual Training Montgomery College - Takoma Park, MD January 2013 to December 2015 Skills Sharepoint, Nist, Risk management, Microsoft office, Microsoft windows, Mac Additional Information SKILLS  Computer:  • SHAREPOINT, MICROSOFT OFFICE, MICROSOFT WINDOWS, MAC  Skill Highlights    • Risk Management Framework (RMF)  • NIST SP 800 Special Publication Series