Strategic Sourcing Specialist Strategic Sourcing Specialist Strategic Sourcing Specialist - CB&I CORPORATE Conroe, TX SUMMARY 2477 FM 1488 Conroe, TX 77384  Email: Jlwash@me.com  Cell: (772) 323-3377    Highly qualified and performance-driven administrative personnel with extensive experience utilizing new technology and implementing operational strategies in a centralized projects centre to provide high quality customer service. Possess effective combination of skills in operational improvement, data analysis, time management, and interpersonal skills built through managing various responsibilities in construction management, project controls, project accounting, supply chain management, safety, and proposal preparation while working in the engineering and construction industry. Determined to implement learnt skills, communicate and collaborate with professionals of any levels and backgrounds in dynamic and challenging environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Strategic Sourcing Specialist CB&I CORPORATE - Houston, TX October 2016 to Present Duties and Responsibilities  * Collaborate with head of Purchasing and other pertinent personnel to assess validity of current contracts.  * Reviewed every Small Tools and Consumables purchasing agreement, noting concerns and suggesting improvements to management.  * Experienced in SDLC life cycle for Design, Development and Staging phases of the projects with support of Data-Flow, Process Models.  * Expertise in What-If Analysis using Excel, Power Pivot Reports and Drill Through Dashboards using Warehouses and OLTP Connections  * Develop automated reports and dashboards using Power BI, Excel, PowerPivot and other reporting tools  * Gather and understand business requirements to set functional specifications for reporting applications  * Clearly convey the key insights or "story" the data reveals in a visual format that is grouped, summarized, or formatted to be easily understood and actionable  * Gathers and prepares data from multiple sources to support information analytics  * Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment with minimal supervision.  * Provide input to project planning, status and review meetings.  * Perform unit and integration testing and participate in reporting validation and QA efforts as they pertain to reporting and data analytics  Notable Accomplishments  * Worked with all site projects on 2017 savings initiative of $7M. IT PMO ANALYST CB&I CORPORATE - Houston, TX January 2016 to October 2016 Duties and Responsibilities  * Streamlined reporting work flows that reduced reporting cycle time 50% within 6 months.  * Implemented information improvements that significantly improved data quality and stakeholder satisfaction.  * Achieved reporting cycle-time improvements that enabled increased reporting frequency, with no additional costs.  * Created and maintained Stage Gate templates and timelines.  Notable Accomplishments  * Supported PMO governance for CB&I Project Made Easy supporting enterprise level and project-related initiatives based around 5,000 employees and $30 million in annual revenues  * Coordinated and administered weekly and monthly Project Reviews for all IT projects ($40M budget) - a comprehensive review intended to measure project status and compliance of established project management practices Project Controls CBI SERVICES, INC - Waynesboro, GA September 2015 to January 2016 Duties and Responsibilities  * Set-up, tracked and analyzed project financial reports, ensuring accuracy of time sheets and period of performance on all active projects assigned.  * Supported project managers in projecting, tracking and applying cost controls to effectively manage established budgets.  * Oversee all aspects of projects with full responsibility for completing construction on time while maintaining quality and safety standards  Notable Accomplishment  * Reduced the number of client rejected invoices by 50% by establishing new time sheet procedure to decrease the variance  in hours worked and billable time to the client. PROJECT ACCOUNTANT June 2015 to September 2015 * Created monthly reconciliation spreadsheets on excel programmed with VLOOKUP, SUMIF, TRUE/FALSE statements, mathematical formulas, color-coding, and locked in cells.  * Efficiently allocated costs and prepared related documentation; Prepared and managed invoices and billing statements worth $3 million dollars.  * Consistently determined and documented costs associated with business activities.  * Routinely compared estimated costs to actual output costs. GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN/CORPORATE SECURITY ANALYST CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON COMPANY - Houston, TX December 2013 to June 2015 Duties and Responsibilities  * Spearheaded the development of an electronic/web-based format to manage pricing data; efforts improved the accuracy of pricing records.  * Prepared and analyzed statistical and productivity reports, and coordinated information management between two data-tracking applications.  * Developed Security Site Plans for various locations within the organization.  * Managed and updated a location database for the Corporate Security Team.  * Created a plan and strategy to improve physical and cyber security in the company PROCUREMENT MANAGER ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES, INC - Stuart, FL August 2009 to August 2012 Duties and Responsibilities  * Spearheaded the development of an electronic/web-based format to manage pricing data; efforts improved the accuracy of pricing records.  * Established an automated data processing system that eliminated version control issues within documents and reduced the redundancy within data inputs.  * Managed revenue under various contract line items by researching invoices, effectively communicating with managers and collecting support documentation. Education Master's in Business Administration in Finance Florida A&M University - Tallahassee, FL May 2014 Bachelor of Science in International Business Finance Cookman University - Daytona Beach, FL May 2009 Skills BI (Less than 1 year), Billing (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (Less than 1 year), Power BI (Less than 1 year), SUPPLY CHAIN (8 years) Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Construction Management  • Leadership & Communication  • Performance Evaluation  • Training and Development  • Design Review    • Project Development  • Exceptional Customer Service  • Supply Chain Management  • Production Scheduling and Compliance  • Strategic Planning Analysis & Execution    • Progress Billing & Reports  • Financial Management  • Orientation and On-Boarding  • Process Improvement  • Sourcing Management    CORE COMPETENCIES  Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Power BI, SAP Software, JD Edwards Enterprise One and Bloomberg Certification  * People-oriented with excellent customer service, relationship building, and communication (written and verbal) skills.  * Exceptional ability to develop new staff in understanding job requirements, policies, and procedures.  * Demonstrated ability to increase collaboration, cooperation and instill a team mentality among administrative and construction team members  * Proven ability to plan, prioritize and organize activities to meet deadlines while working under pressure  * Excellent work ethic with ability to function independently with minimal or no supervision  * Proficient in the use of operating systems (MacOS and Windows) and productivity applications like MS Office Suite    PERSONAL SKILLS AND QUALITIES    * Strong ability to