Data Security Analyst Data <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Toledo, OH Currently, I am a full-time employee at Michigan Medicine as a Data Security Analyst. I have a Bachelor of Science in ElectroMechanical Systems Technology, and completed my Master of Science in Information Assurance: Cybersecurity while working full-time. I have experience in help desk, service desk, desktop, information security, and information assurance, primarily in healthcare and higher education. Additionally, I have a growing interest and passion for data science and machine learning. While working full-time, I continue my education through industry certifications and staying up-to-date on cybersecurity news. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Security Analyst Michigan Medicine - Ann Arbor, MI April 2018 to Present • Assist the Healthcare Security Operations Center (HSOC) with the creation and documentation of standard operational procedures and processes.  • Triage security events and incidents utilizing security tools to detect, prevent, and eradicate threats to Michigan Medicine  • Continually improve security service solutions and offerings by keeping up-to-date on security conferences, emerging threats, seminars, reading, research, and testing.  • Expose and/or assess the impact of reported vulnerabilities; implement mitigation strategies based on severity  • Participate as an information assurance subject matter expert in the analysis and design of new enterprise systems and services  • Assist with the creation and maintenance of Splunk Dashboards for reporting, metrics, and as tools for conducting validation of events and investigation of incidents.   • Assist with the creation and implementation of correlation searches within Splunk Enterprise Security (ES) for the HSOC. End User Computing Specialist Michigan Medicine - Ann Arbor, MI June 2017 to April 2018 • Provide resolution to incidents, service requests, and technical questions dealing with Macintosh and Windows computers.   • Troubleshot various networking and application issues in-person, via email, phone, and remote sessions with SCCM Remote & BOMGAR.  • Evaluate complex issues, assess priority, and assign it to the appropriate groups for resolution through ServiceNow Ticketing System  • Provision software, remote user rights, administrative rights, and other computer changes via SCCM End User Computing Specialist Contractor Michigan Medicine - Ann Arbor, MI November 2016 to May 2017 This was a contracted position through the IT staffing company, TEKsystems.     • Provide resolution to incidents, service requests, and technical questions dealing with Macintosh and Windows computers.   • Troubleshot various networking and application issues in-person, via email, phone, and remote sessions with SCCM Remote & BOMGAR.  • Evaluate complex issues, assess priority, and assign to the appropriate groups for resolution through Remedy and ZenDesk Ticketing Systems Help Desk Analyst Contractor Lazard Frères & Co. LLC - New York, NY May 2016 to October 2016 This was a contracted position through the IT staffing company, Phoenix Group Advisors, LLC.    • Provided extensive level I - III support for locally and remotely to global locations via email, phone, remote assist and live chat by analyzing, documenting, and resolving PC software, hardware and network issues.   • Setup new builds with re-imaging, upgrades, and break/fix repair for all PC desktop and laptops including un/encrypting hard drives.   • Maintained first level Windows Server 2008 & Windows Server 2012 knowledge and troubleshooting, experience with Active Directory management of users and group policies and permissions.  • Distributed applications to end users through SCCM, making computer changes by Configuration Manager Console.   • Troubleshot virtual machines issues through VMware vSphere Client and VMware Admin Web Clients.   • Expert in Mobile Device management systems such as AirWatch, Blackberry Enterprise Servers and BES10. Assisted end users to add, modify, delete and remove accounts from iDevices and Blackberry phones. Systems Analyst Contractor New York City Health + Hospitals - New York, NY January 2016 to April 2016 This was a contracted position through the IT staffing company, TEKsystems.    • Performed service desk duties via phone for internal employees of the 11 different hospitals and 7 diagnostic/treatment centers.  • Assisted with AD and application password resets; single sign-on, VMware, and Citrix issues via phone and BOMGAR remote sessions.   • Utilized McAfee Endpoint Encryption for computer hard drive and removable media    in updating and resolving issues involving    • Assisted in the resolution of issues involving EMR and updating/changing patient status   • Monitored system notification alerts and took appropriate and timely action  • Evaluated complex issues, assessed priority, & assigned the issues to the appropriate groups for resolution through Remedy Ticketing System. Service Desk Analyst Contractor ProMedica Health System - Toledo, OH June 2015 to December 2015 This was a contracted position through the IT staffing company, TEKsystems.     • Performed service desk duties via phone for the internal employees of the 11 different ProMedica owned hospitals.  • Assisted with AD account issues (e.g. password resets), single sign-on, and application issues via phone and remote VNC sessions.   • Assisted with troubleshooting clinical applications and EMR system errors   • Evaluated complex issues, assessed their priority, & assigned the issues to the appropriate support groups for resolution through ServiceNow. Desktop Support Specialist I/II Bowling Green State University - Bowling Green, OH January 2015 to December 2015 • Preformed normal IT Helpdesk duties with the additional hardware support responsibilities.   • Troubleshot and repair personal HP, Dell and Mac computers as well as University owned computer systems with hardware problems.  • Communicated with individuals regarding repairs and questions associated with their systems.  Understood the purpose of each component within a computer and restoring data from damaged equipment.  • Researched, diagnosed, and removed various types of malware and malicious software, as well as repairing the damage they caused.  • Performed data backups, computer reformats, Windows Refreshes, and operating system re-installations.  • Performed software installations and resolved any software related issues that arose on personal and university-owned computers. IT Helpdesk Technician Bowling Green State University - Bowling Green, OH February 2014 to January 2015 • Assisted students, faculty, staff, and retirees with technical problems in person, over the phone, and through live chat.   • Assigned and elevated complex and/or high priority issues to the appropriate support groups for resolution.   • Engaged in research and in-depth troubleshooting to resolve technical issues, as well as consulting with full-time staff when necessary.  • Responded to tickets in Support I Queue dealing with technical issues and questions.  Education Master's in Information Assurance: Cybersecurity Regis University - Denver, CO 2017 to 2019 Bachelor's in ElectroMechanical Systems Technology Bowling Green State University - Bowling Green, OH 2011 to 2015 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/quanfrazier1/ https://www.youracclaim.com/users/jaquanf/badges Certifications/Licenses BOMGAR Representative January 2016 to Present CompTIA Security+ October 2018 to October 2020 Splunk Core Certified User November 2018 to November 2020 Splunk Core Certified Power User November 2018 to November 2020 GIAC Certified Detection Analyst (GCDA) March 2019 to March 2023