Computer Support Analyst Level 3 Computer Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Level 3 Computer Support Analyst Level 3 - Metropolitan Transit Authority Glen Oaks, NY Work Experience Computer Support Analyst Level 3 Metropolitan Transit Authority - New York, NY December 2017 to Present Provide Level 3 support to all MTA agencies throughout the tristate area with an estimated 100,000 end-users.  ? 3 out of 38 Analysts chosen to lead the Focus Group team which has direct communication with the director.  ? Identify gaps, conflicts, dependencies, and constraints in scope requirements.  ? Communicate with various IT Chiefs and managers for outage verifications and solutions providing incident management.  ? Document knowledge base items for troubleshooting purposes.  ? Use ServiceNow software to initiate, manage, and resolve internal and external customer facing issues. Computer Support Analyst Level 2 Metropolitan Transit Authority - New York, NY November 2016 to December 2017 Troubleshoot and support technical issues remotely via remote tools.  ? Create Critical Outage Report as per procedure that is delivered to executive level clients to assist with major outages.  ? Work with MDS provider, Airwatch, to assist with various mobile technologies.  ? Assist with encryption and remote vpn issues from the end user. IT Support Analyst Catchpoint Systems - New York, NY November 2015 to November 2016 Provide end user support to employees ranging from high level executives to engineers.  ? Support Windows 7,8,10 and Mac OS X using the Zendesk Ticketing System ? Created Clonezilla and Fog Server for imaging purposes.  ? Admin of such tools including Okta, Windows Office 365, Kisi, Skype, OpenDNS and Exchange ? Provide technology training to new hires and assist with onboarding. Network Security Engineer Catchpoint Systems - New York, NY November 2015 to June 2016 Use a myriad of security tools to assist in protecting client's data and networks ? Such tools include McAfee ePO, Forescouts Counteract, McAfee SIEM, Varonis etc.  ? Use of SalesForce to track and respond to service tickets Help Desk Level 2 - End Client Support New York State Department of Taxation and Finance - Hauppauge, NY March 2014 to July 2015 Support 200 users with various computer, network, VoIP, and printer issues using Service-Now ? Assisted with email migration rollout from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Outlook for the Tax and Finance Dept.  ? Winner of the first ever, 2014 ITS Customer Service Award, 1 of 5 awards presented to 1 out of 1000's of employees Help Desk Level 1 [Contract] Columbia University Information Technology - New York, NY September 2013 to February 2014 Assist users in configuring email accounts and other help desk related questions.  ? Direct incoming user calls to appropriate destinations through communication with 10-person team ? Create tickets using Service-Now to track, create, and update issues for the end user Help Desk/ Data Conversion Dynamic Data Concepts - Brooklyn, NY January 2013 to August 2013 Dynamic Data Concept, 360 application support to end clients ? Utilize SQL to identify and correct certain client issues that involve errors caused by bugs ? Data conversion - using SSIS from SQL Server 2005 and 2008 to convert data from Visual Fox Pro to SQL Education python, tableau NYU School for Continuing Ed - New York, NY Masters in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Brooklyn College CUNY - Brooklyn, NY Bachelor of Art in Economics Minor Information Systems and Business in Economics Stony Brook University - Stony Brook, NY Web Design Hunter College CUNY - New York, NY Skills Python (1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills  ? Familiar: Databases, Access, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, MySQL, HTML, CSS, WordPress, McAfee ePO, Python  ? Proficient: IT Project Management, Active Directory, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Tableau  ? Expert: Advanced Information Systems Management, Systems Analysis and Requirements, and Communications, Microsoft  Office Suite, PC/Mac, ServiceNow, VNC, Dameware.