System Administrator/ Security Admin System Administrator/<span class="hl">Security</span> Admin System Administrator/ Security Admin - City Of Joliet Crown Point, IN Work Experience System Administrator/ Security Admin City Of Joliet October 2018 to Present O365 administration including auditing, litigation hold requests, Sharepoint, and OneDrive  ? V Sphere Administration and VM Management  ? Genetec Administration for video and access control  ? Server provisioning and administration  ? AD, Azure, and GPO management including MFA and conditional access in Azure  ? Veeam backup administration to local Isilon devices and long term hot and cold storage in Azure Systems Administrator III Mi-Jack, A Lanco Group Company - Homewood, IL June 2018 to October 2018 Managed the help desk and the 4 employees that work there  ? Managed and configured VM's across 8 sites using V Sphere 6.5  ? Created and uploaded new forms in SharePoint to streamline most processes. These processes include hiring, software requests, BYOD and reimbursement, and hardware requests  ? Managed AD, SCCM, Office 365, 18 physical servers, 102 VM's  ? Streamlined machine imaging using SCCM and PXE boot so the help desk did not need to download drivers to every machine (re)imaged  ? Implemented Printer Logic printer software with restrictions for users to only see what printers in any site that they are meant to see Windows System Administrator, Network Administrator Advanced Technologies Group, Inc. a JLL Company - Lombard, IL June 2015 to June 2018 Managing servers, switches, Hyper-V, Microsoft SQL, AD, and storage arrays in the office, co-locations, and Azure in addition to WatchGuard Firewalls and Barracuda SPAM and Anti-Virus  ? Assist desktop staff with inter-office problems if they are overwhelmed  ? Work with the clients' IT management to resolve higher end issues  ? Managed Exchange 2007, migrated to and manage Exchange 2010, and O365  ? Project manager for the office conversion. Including wiring, file server, drop locations, network conversion  ? System Administration for Microsoft Server 2003 - 2012R2, setting up Server 2016 test environments  ? Management of 20 physical servers and 58 Hyper-V virtual servers  ? Managed MaaS360 MDM for office before buyout and all iOS devices  ? Azure configuration for DR including 3 site to site VPN tunnels, tunnels to colo 1, colo 2, and office  ? Worked with clients to setup Site-2-Site VPN tunnels for TMS integration for work orders Technical Specialist/Network Analyst Global Eagle Entertainment - Lombard, IL March 2015 to June 2015 contract)  ? Provided support for inter office employees with OS's from Windows XP - 7 and MacOS 10.3 - 10.13  ? IT Administrator for the office, including server setups, patching in users to the switch, and various installations  ? Network monitoring and Dell firewall management  ? Server side installation and pre-requisites for server OS Server 2008, Server 2008R2, Server 2012  ? Maintained all server including server that controlled software for the satellite modems for Southwest Airplanes for in flight connectivity Technical Specialist/Network Analyst Altima Technologies - Lisle, IL July 2013 to March 2015 Provided over the phone support for the NetZoom product and the NetZoomDC Enterprise customers  ? Helped individual users and companies set their racks up within the software for monitoring and using Visio to ensure an accurate representation for viewing  ? Data center planning and project follow through and details using Cisco WebEx conferencing  ? Server side installation and pre-requisites for server OS Server 2008, Server 2008R2, Server 2012  ? Use of Microsoft SQL to determine and fix any problems within the application IT Analyst Office Max - Itasca, IL February 2013 to July 2013 Received incoming calls to repair and/or modify store users and corporate user's computers  ? Remote access use, SMS pushes for software install, Active Directory monitoring and policy enforcement  ? Network diagnostics and reports during times when the circuit failed in the store for communication  ? Modified switch routing in store if there was a communication issue Skills System Administrator, System Admin, Vmware, Active Directory