Senior Network Engineer Senior Network Engineer Cyber Security Manager Ashburn, VA Offer five years of expertise in driving secure systems across enterprise and federal government information systems. Savvy strategist who excels at planning and implementing security systems, rules of engagement and risk mitigation measures, based on system analysis and assessment of key performance indicators and metrics. Collaborative project manager who identifies and executes key initiatives and system/process improvements to optimize security, networks and websites. Articulate customer liaison, committed to world-class customer service and top customer satisfaction.    Strategic Security Planning Information Security Cybersecurity Engineering Project Management  Risk Management System & Trend Analysis Quality Assurance Metrics Reporting Customer Service  Crisis & P1 Incident Command Continuous Process Improvement Technical User Support System Administration  Host-Based Intrusion Detection Systems (HIDS) Troubleshooting Configuration Deployments Upgrades Work Experience Senior Network Engineer CACI International Inc - Chantilly, VA August 2018 to Present  Provide Tier III (Tier 3) advanced engineering response to escalated tickets, coordinating with solution providers and vendors to handle additional problem management activities as required.  • Perform advanced troubleshooting to provide initial problem resolution where possible.  • Generate, monitor and track incidents through resolution.  • Operate and maintain ForeScout Counteract and other Cyber Security Products such as Tenable Nessus, and the McAfee Suite of products.  • Maintain knowledge database of common questions/incidents and their resolution.  • Coaches, reviews and delegates work to lower level team members.  • Works to achieve operational targets within job area with direct impact on department results.  • Implements and executes on technical initiatives and solutions.  • Provides status reports at least weekly and monthly and complete other reporting requirements as required for overall program reporting requirements.  • Develops and maintains the relevant portions of the Service Operations Handbook specific to ForeScout CounterAct.  • Holds team members accountable for following published SOPs. Cyber Security Analyst Fannie Mae - Reston, VA August 2017 to Present • Perform security monitoring of Fannie Mae environments, analyzing and responding to security-related events and incidents (solution Based), and working to ensure the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications through the use of formal event and incident management technologies, tools, and processes.  • Developing, maintaining, and implementing security solutions, procedures for logging, reporting, and monitoring cyber security solution operations and will play an important role in the detection, response, and analysis of security events and incidents.  • Work directly with Security engineering and other IT staff in managing SIEM events and alerts and provide first line of response to system-generated alerts, and notifications.  • Identifying, analyzing, and investigating activities and providing remediation recommendations to mitigate security threats and incidents.  • Conduct log and system analysis for various security and network devices and platforms including firewalls, intrusion prevention/detection, file integrity monitoring, and data loss prevention systems.  • Assist with the identification, creation, and refinement of the team's processes and procedures and ensure that these are fully documented as part of the team's operational runbook.  • Day to day operations, Engineering, and maintenance of Cisco Firepower, and FireEye.  • Mentor new hires on processes, procedures, and training on software used on team. ForeScout Engineer Alchemy Global Networks - Fairfax, VA February 2017 to April 2017 • Designed architected and delivered ForeScout CounterAct solutions. Installed, configured, deployed, operated and administered ForeScout solution on customer networks. Built appliances on centos Linux architecture.  • Built 40 network appliances weekly by prioritizing tasks and organizing daily workload. Security Analyst/Information Assurance Specialist - U.S. Department of Transportation TruShield Security Solutions, Inc - Sterling, VA November 2015 to February 2017 Sterling, VA Nov 2015 - Feb 2017  Security Analyst/Information Assurance Specialist - U.S. Department of Transportation  • Planned/implemented security measures to protect computer systems, networks and data.  • Investigated, monitored and analyzed network traffic/alerts. Led client meetings to provide feedback/advice regarding system security. Analyzed data; drafted status reports. Monitored security feeds from client servers, as well as network devices and workstations; upgraded security patches.  • Utilized feedback from systems analysis/tracking to improve protocols for incident prevention and response. Developed individualized security plans, assessments and rules of engagement for clients.  • Derived incident remedial actions/escalation paths. Used network/host-based security appliance logs. Acted as systems administrator.  * Strengthened security by spearheading server rebuild project for IBM Bigfix security application, and deploying a security application called Forescout. This was done by partnering with vendor. Attended numerous change board meetings and met daily with leadership and vendor. IT Engineer - U.S. Department of Transportation ActioNet, Inc - Washington, DC January 2015 to November 2015 • Identified solutions to user-facing issues and supplied feedback and support to end users on technical issues. Resolved technical problems through research, analysis, and solution planning. Conducted troubleshooting, generic software installations, printer mapping and account management via company-facing software. Updated user permissions. Managed Bomgar, Exchange Server, MDM, network joining, VMware, VDI, SCCM; administered and Windows and Mac.  * Consistently resolved highest volume of tickets daily for technical issues. Helpdesk Technician/Web Content Administrator - U.S. Department of Commerce CyberData Technologies, Inc - Herndon, VA January 2014 to December 2014 • Managed user-facing support on wide range of technical issues to provide functional website and IT system. Detected and analyzed issues and researched resolutions to technical issues, including mobile devices and VPN support. Planned and executed operations-wide support across servers. Updated website, utilizing HTML coding and user feedback.  * Enhanced information accessibility on U.S. Department Commerce website by redesigning web page using HTML. Helpdesk Technician SAP SuccessFactors - Reston, VA March 2012 to December 2013 • Aided users to solve technical issues by offering technical support in cloud-based human resources software company, serving 40 million application subscribers. Handled high volume of inbound user requests and talked users through issue resolution steps. Utilized partner portals and account support to remotely assist users, in addition to adding and modifying user permissions.  * Enhanced document management by designing and developing new pages in SharePoint and InfoPath and editing existing pages.  * Improved site navigation by creating new web content and links. Education Master of Science in Information Systems & Security Management Strayer University - Herndon, VA 2016 Master of Science in Information Technology & Project Management University of Maryland University College 2013 Bachelor of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies Radford University - Radford, VA 2005 Skills SECURITY (2 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (1 year), SHAREPOINT (1 year), HTML (1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security, Siem Links http://linkedin.com/in/darrencarkin Certifications/Licenses Forescout certified administrator April 2019 to Present CSSGB August 2019 to Present certified six sigma green belt Additional Information TECHNOLOGIES    • Security * ArcSight, Host-Based Intrusion Detection Systems (HIDS), Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS), RedSeal, BigFix, NAC-Network Access Control, Nessus, AlienVault, Firewalls, NIST 800-53, Cisco Firepower, F5 WAF-Web Application Firewall, FireEye CMS, AX, NX, EX, IA, and PX, Cisco Ironport-Email Security, Ilumio, ECS-Enterprise Certificate services, IAM- Identity and Access Management (AWS), Guardiam, AWS- Cloud  • Analytics * Splunk, Bomgar, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI), Wireshark, WinSCP  • Operating Systems * Windows, MAC, UNIX, Linux Kernel  • Programming Languages * UNIX, Putty, PowerShell, HTML, Python  • Servers * SQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server Management Studio, Exchange Server, SharePoint Server  • Applications * Juniper Networks, Oracle SQL Developer, ITIL, CMD Commands, Learning Management System, Intro to LMS Mastery Training, LMS Mastery Training  • Software * System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), SharePoint Designer (SPD), Microsoft InfoPath Designer, Notepad++, Microsoft Office Suite, Access, Visio, Microsoft Project, Active Directory, VMware