IT PMO Project Coordinator (Contractor) <span class="hl">IT</span> PMO Project Coordinator (Contractor) San Diego, CA Seeking a position in Project Coordination which provides the opportunity to utilize my skills and experience in developing programs and value added process improvements for building and supporting collaborations among multiple Projects, Project Managers, Programs, and Program Managers in pursuit of Organizational success. I have implemented multiple projects following the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) methodology and look forward to utilizing my expertise in ever challenging opportunities Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PMO Project Coordinator (Contractor) County of San Diego Health and Human Services - San Diego, CA 2018 to Present • Support 30 plus IT portfolio projects, which include tracking deliverables and ensure projects remain on schedule.  • Manage, track and process project deliverables ensuring all rejection feedback is addressed. Created acceptance and/or rejection certificates for Milestone Deliverables (MD), Work Products (WP), Deliverable Expectation Documents (DED), and Memorandums.  • Facilitate status report meetings which include planning and setting logistics, defining agendas, recording, circulating and tracking meeting minutes.  • SharePoint Administrator – Responsible for SharePoint Maintenance effort of reconciling a 3,000 document repository. Create and maintain project pages and sites, including reviewing and updating content. Point of Contact for access, which includes identification and purpose for providing access.   • Risk Management and Issue Management Coordinator – Maintain the risk/issue logs in SharePoint and schedule/facilitate meetings. Vette any new risk and/or issues that are raised from the ConnectWellSD team.  • Identify, Define, and Implement PMO Tools and Processes – Includes creation of various management plans. Designed and developed project documents for PMO, which include Fit & Readiness, Project Charter, Stakeholder Communication Management Plan, and RASCI Matrix. Disseminate project documents to Program Director and Chief for review and approval.  • Point of Contact for all ConnectWellSD project approvals. Responsible for circulating project documents to the appropriate review teams and ensuring documents have been reviewed. Responsible for communicating changes to County ITS which included Change Requests (CR), Third Party Product (TPP) and Project Management Plan (PMP).   • Assign projects for Program Update Meeting (PUM), which includes senior management, Project Managers (PM), and Third-Party Vendors. Assemble materials for Bi-weekly PUM report out meeting. Manage action items and communicate feedback to Project Managers ensuring action items are implemented prior to next report out meeting. Cyber Security / IT Network & Infrastructure Project Coordinator (Contractor) Hewlett Parkard, Inc. - San Diego, CA 2017 to 2017 • Supported a 30-phase occupancy move (15 Phase Neighborhoods, including swing in swing out, and 15 Labs).  • Worked with vendors ensuring occupancy move project stayed on schedule; which included IT Network Cabling Installs, Pullbacks, Rough-Ins and Terminations.  • Maintained drawings and floor plans and assured they were current for network cabling work.  • Organized and scheduled ad hoc LAN requests with appropriate departments.  • SharePoint Administrator - Created and maintained SharePoint lists, pages, documentation and report libraries.  • Identified, extracted, formatted and published Monthly Vulnerability Reports of more than 2,000 entries per month for Lead Engineer.  • Attended weekly and monthly vulnerability remediation meetings with multiple Global business units and maintained weekly reports on progress in addressing vulnerabilities.  • Ensured Tech Café, Cyber Security and R&D Engineers were on schedule with assigned tasks and deliverables.  • Created, documented, maintained and updated IT processes, which included signoff from Management.  • Point of Contact for coordinating and submitting Cyber Security remote requests from Lead Security Manger.  • Responsible for Video Conference Rooms. Troubleshot video conference rooms as issues occur, including testing and documenting resolution issues. IT PMO Network & Infrastructure Project Coordinator (Contractor) San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) - San Diego, CA 2016 to 2017 • Supported 156 Telecom and Network Infrastructure Portfolio projects and deliverables.  • Managed SDG&E and SoCal Gas Small Capital Project Budget.  • Tracked and reconciled monthly invoices to project budgets.  • Responsible for Monthly Project Forecasting in SAP.  • Maintained project schedules and prioritization lists.  • Supported project managers and IT resources to update schedules and reports.  • Created and managed project work orders and internal orders, which included tracking from beginning to end of completion and receipt of materials.  • SharePoint Administrator - Created and maintained SharePoint lists, pages, documentation and report libraries.  • Attended project meetings, including taking and distributing meeting minutes and action items. Programmer Analyst for the City of San Diego CGI Technologies & Solutions, Inc. - San Diego, CA 2015 to 2016 • Provided support to Public Works Engineering and the Bentley MicroStation Suite, plotters, driver installs and troubleshooting.  • Primary application support for Sire and Versatile under City Clerk.  • SharePoint Administrator - Created, troubleshot, and supported over 400 Wiki pages in SharePoint.   • Point of Contact for over 100 CGI laptops to provide emergency technical support, which included re-imaging, redeploying software packages, and encryption software. IT PMO Project Coordinator for the City of San Diego CGI Technologies & Solutions, Inc. - San Diego, CA 2012 to 2016 • Provided project support to seven Project Managers and multiple Project Teams, which included budget preparation, reporting, balancing, tracking, and troubleshooting using SAP and custom Budget System.  • Responsible for organizing the FY Budget activities/exercises with each Program and Project Manager.  • Updated documents, such as, but not limited to Project Administration - Meeting Minutes, Project Schedule Work Breakdown Structure (WBS), Weekly and Monthly Project Update Reports and Planned vs. Actual Budget spreadsheet.  • Communicated to Project Team and Client update meetings. Gathered information and obtained approvals for Project Change Request (PCR) completion. Published documents to the system of record repository utilizing SDShare (City) and Ensemble (CGI).  • Responded to Ad hoc requests from PMO director, which included reconciliation of PMO Project in-flight Report. Assigned Project Managers to the new projects in C2 internal ticketing system.  • Reconciled and maintained the Project Change Request (PCR) report to include status of PCR’s, PCR count based on City Department and Application.  • Developed and maintained PMO Portfolio graphs which depicted statistical information for Sr. Management. Updated PMO maintained templates as requested and provided Project Administrative Support to PMO Director.  • Coordinated with HR on-boarding team for new hire start-date and arrival activities.  Coordinated On-Boarding presenters for new hire Day 1. Maintained On-Boarding presentation and City of San Diego (CoSD) New Hire Checklist. Transitioned new hire to Manager or designated “Buddy” and ensured transition was seamless and the new hire was appropriately welcomed.   • Asset Management - Maintained asset list for all CoSD Members, which included processing and tracking of hardware/software requests.   • SharePoint Administrator – Provided support for site creation, staff maintenance, and security setup.  • Aided various Project Manager(s) by planning and arranging meetings, preparing for major project reviews, creating and maintaining project folders, assisting in Project reviews, constructing and maintaining project work plans, and creating and editing Project Status reports. IT PMO Project Coordinator / Business Analyst for the City of San Diego San Diego Data Processing Corporation - San Diego, CA 2008 to 2012 • Provided full range of PM Support including budget preparation, reporting, balancing, tracking, and troubleshooting using SAP and custom Budget System, aided various Project Managers by planning and arranging meetings, preparing for major project reviews, creating and maintaining project folders, assisting in Project reviews, constructing and maintaining project work plans, and creating and editing Project Status reports.  • Experienced in process flow development and business requirements gathering.  • Responsible for organizing the FY Budget activities/exercises with each Program and Project Manager.  • Advanced MS Excel user with extensive use of Formula’s, Macro’s, Pivot Tables, VLookups, Earned Value, Prorations as well as provided Monthly Dashboard and Metric updates using MS Access and MS Excel.  • Provided support for PMO department by creating reports using SAP, monitoring billing, monitoring the procurement and service request processes, researching billing discrepancies, and furnishing additional SAP reports.  • Provided support for application testing and execution of system test plans, reporting problems/issues via SharePoint, coordinating fixes with developers and retested accordingly.  • Conducted one on one technical user training to various customers within the City departments.   • Supported the OneSD Training Team and documented the FILO and HCM Training materials using uPerform in addition to coordinating 500 Training classes to assure that approximately 6,000 City of San Diego employees attended.  • SharePoint Administrator - Heavy SharePoint Administration, setting up sites, adding staff, adding files, granting permissions, managing libraries and folders.  • Acting Business Analyst - Assisted with the preparation of technical reports, which included project completion reports, requirements gathering, creation of process flows, requirements documents, application testing, reporting issues, coordinating fixes and testing, project status reports, RFP/RFI documents, and meeting minutes. Engineering Project Coordinator PhotoThera, Inc. - Carlsbad, CA 2008 to 2008 • Supported Project Managers in the development and maintenance of a Class III Medical Device Project Plan.  • Created, managed, and updated seven project schedules and aggregated into one Master Project Schedule.  • Organized and maintained the Design History File for a Class III Medical Device.  • Incorporated design output, verification, validation, and review documents to Design History File.  • Coordinated updates, reviews, and feedback to design and development plans including schedules and design input documents.  • Created, updated, and revised engineering specifications as well as assisted in the development of a prototype electro-mechanical-optical clinical laser device including cabling and electrical pin-out work.  • Scheduled, recorded, and distributed minutes and action items for Design Review meetings including tracking and following up on action items with various team members. Education High school or equivalent Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Nist, Network Security, Waterfall, SDLC, SAP, MS Office Suite (Access, Visio, Project (Earned Value), InfoPath, SharePoint Designer, SharePoint Administration), Advanced Excel (Macros, Pivot Tables, VLookups, Prorations), EPM Live for Project Server and MS SharePoint, Agile, Primavera (P6), Business Objects, Niku/Clarity Time Management, uPerform, Smartsheets, ServiceNow, Drawing Surfer, Autocad, Bentley Microstation, Zoom, Cisco WebEx, HTML Coding, Adobe (Acrobat, Publisher, Photshop), Splunk, Budget Reporting Tools, SQL