Cyber Information Security Systems Analyst, Contractor Cyber Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Systems <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, Contractor Cyber Information Security Systems Analyst, Contractor - ICF, International Highly-motivated I.T. professional with practical experience dealing with different enterprise environments. Skilled in using Security tools to analyze systems on networks. Pursuing an Information Assurance degree add to my knowledge in Network Security. Work Experience Cyber Information Security Systems Analyst, Contractor ICF, International - Adelphi, MD March 2018 to Present for Army Research Lab  • Successfully tested and upgraded a Government system to a newer version after remediating vulnerabilities and testing functionality.  • Perform IV&V testing for Government systems after going through development stages.  • STIG systems to meet security baseline compliance and test functionality to ensure no work stoppage.  • Perform monthly and ad hoc vulnerability scans of unclassified and classified network subscriber enclaves.  • Conduct trending and analysis of monthly results to identify high-risk vulnerabilities impacting the network and ensure proper security posture from a vulnerability management standpoint.  • Deploy, troubleshoot, and maintain network-based vulnerability of Nessus scanners at subscriber sites to ensure appropriate coverage of scanning services.  • Apply technical expertise to perform remote assessments of DoD networks and information systems.  • Mitigate and/or remediate vulnerabilities or misconfigurations for subscriber sites.  • Document findings and severity levels of non-compliance in formalized reporting, written and oral briefs, etc.  • Test and evaluate new technologies, specifically related to network vulnerability scanning.  • Maintain knowledge of emerging threats, vulnerabilities, and intelligence within the cyber security field to ensure subscribers are remediating against known threats.  • Assist about 100 subscriber sites with vulnerability remediation, as necessary.  • Perform monthly patching for servers and hotfixes for systems as needed.  • Use CLI on RHEL 6 servers to update Nessus/ Security Center instances for testing in addition to patching.  Tools: Nessus/ Security Center, Jira, Bog, Interrogator Senior IT Analyst, Contractor Agile Defense Inc - Ballston, VA May 2017 to March 2018 • Supported over 1,000 users on the contract.  • Created reports on computer systems that were out of compliant/containing vulnerabilities.  • Scanned about 10 systems weekly using Nessus/ Security center for vulnerabilities.  • Analyzed results and took necessary steps to ensure 100% system compliance.  • Ensured that enterprise-wide security policies are being followed.  • Lauded by leadership for effectively collaborating with System Administrators to identify and mitigate network intrusion attacks.  • Troubleshoot McAfee HIPS issues as it relates to installation of software and sites from being blocked.  • Installed various software (VMware, Adobe creative suite, Google Earth) on workstations and portable devices.  • Trained 100+ users on usage of windows/MAC systems and answer questions raised during training.  • Troubleshoot various Mac issues to include login, Outlook, software compatibility issues and provided proper solutions.  • Selected to be part of Mac OS upgrade team because of excellent work ethic.  Tools: Airwatch, Bomgar, Nessus/ Security Center, Remedy, Cisco Jabber, Commvault, Cisco Anyconnect Systems Administrator, Contractor for USTDA TechGlobal Inc - Rosslyn, VA November 2016 to May 2017 • Created windows 10 image using Symantec Ghost.  • Lead project for windows 10 migration from windows 7.  • Used Nessus to ensure that image met DoD STIGS.  • Analyzed report from STIGS findings and took appropriate measurements to mitigate vulnerabilities.  • Used Nessus/ Security center to scan windows systems for vulnerabilities after imaging and before deploying it to users/having system on the network.  • Pushed out patches/updates to 100 + users weekly to keep systems updated.  • Provided technical support for users.  Tools: Symantec Ghost, Nessus/ Security Center, Bugzilla, Skype, Solar Winds, Cisco Anyconnect Systems Administrator II, Civilian Contractor for DoD Intellidyne LLC - Rosslyn, VA May 2015 to November 2016 • Supported over 2,000 end users with technical issues.  • Used Nessus/ Security center to scan imaged systems of vulnerabilities.  • Remediated vulnerabilities after analyzing finding in security center.  • Installed operating systems/reimaging laptops via SCCM.  • Provided troubleshooting for Blackberry and IPhone devices.  • Provided technical support and solves problems with Microsoft, Adobe, Java, and other software in the production environment.  • Provided remote support to offsite clients using Dameware.  • Use of putty to manage switches (Port- security, Vlans, troubleshooting, etc).  • Ensured backup, recovery, and data restoration of clients' information during upgrades.  • Provided support to offsite users who have issues with VPN (Juniper).  • Use of Active Directory to manage and create accounts, unlock/reset passwords.  • Created system for maintaining and tracking inventory of assets.  • Provided end user support, education and training with computer related issues.  Tools: Putty, Dameware, SCCM, Remedy, VMware, Juniper VPN Tier 2 Technical Support Retro Tech Computers Inc - Beltsville, MD June 2012 to September 2016 • Installed, configured, diagnosed, repaired, maintained, patched, upgraded various desktop & portable systems, printers, and networking devices.  • Assisted 100+ end users on quick procedures for setting up and troubleshooting software/hardware.  • Troubleshot, diagnosed and resolved issues with Xerox printers.  • Workstation maintenance: Virus/Spyware/Malware removal.  • Managed company Local Area Network (Vlans, Port- Security, troubleshooting, etc.)  • Maintained an excellent customer service track record.  • Migrated 100+ users from Office 2010 to O365.  Tools: Putty, Hirens Systems Analyst II, Civilian Contractor ProTech Global Solutions - Annapolis, MD January 2015 to May 2015 for U.S. Naval Academy  • Provided help desk/desk side support to more than 1,000 end users.  • Performed workstation maintenance/upgrades as needed.  • Diagnosed issues with PCs and peripherals by troubleshooting, disassembling as needed and repairing.  • Created accounts, unlocked/reset password using Active Directory.  • Assisted users with issues regarding Gmail accounts.  • Reported to Project manager to ensure agreement on systems principles.  Tools: SCCM Education Master of Science in Information Technology-Information Assurance in Information Technology-Information Assurance University of Maryland - Adelphi, MD Present Bachelors of Science in Project Management and Business Analysis Towson University - Towson, MD May 2011 Skills Security, Comptia, Nessus, Cisco, Modem, Vmware, Remedy, Bugzilla, Jira, Symantec, Linux, Internet explorer, Excel, Microsoft office, Outlook, Word, Microsoft windows, Printers, testing Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • TOOLS: Nessus/ ACAS, SCCM, Security Center, Airwatch,  • OPERATING SYSTEMS: Microsoft Windows (XP/Vista/7/8/10), Server 2012 (Installation and Administration), RHEL 6 Linux (CompTIA Linux+ in progress)  • SOFTWARES: Microsoft Office Suite 2003/2007/2010/2013 Software (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and Internet Explorer, Edge), VMware, Putty, Symantec, Bomgar, Commvault, Cisco Jabber, ACAS, McAfee  • HARDWARE SKILLS: Various laptops and desktops computers, Macbooks & IMACs, Internet modem, network interface cards, Switches, CPUs, printers, scanners, hubs, docking stations,  • TICKETING SYSTEMS: Familiar with JIRA, Remedy, Bugzilla