Information Management Officer (INFOSEC) Information Management Officer (INFOSEC) Information Management Officer | C|EH | Security+ | ACAS Arlington, VA Experienced and detail-oriented information security and authorization professional seeking an innovative role where my information security and risk management skills can be fully utilized. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Management Officer (INFOSEC) US Army - Camp Arifjan September 2018 to Present Maintain sensitive equipment ensuring all hardware, operating systems, software and vendor-specific products align with DISA STIG configurations, organizational standard operating procedures and strategic business plans.  Solely manage communications department by providing technical support, customer service and implementing standard operating procedures in accordance with Department of Defense and Army Central policies.  Create training manuals, reports, trackers and periodic compliance training in accordance with Privacy Act and Freedom of Information Act procedures.   Create, configure and administer SharePoint platform, electronic publications, development, design, control, dissemination and user permission rights.   Provide technical assistance and training to personnel on Windows 10 operating system and Microsoft Office 2013/2016 products.  Implement maintenance scripts and updates for SQL database on Windows Server 2012 R2. Customer Technical Support Engineer Defense Security Service – Phacil - Falls Church, VA March 2018 to Present Responsible for prioritizing and coordinating resolutions regarding IT solutions, security analysis and service response directly to Senior Executive Service personnel, VIP’s and DOD civilians within Defense Security Service.  Provide extensive and in-depth technical support in restoration efforts with reported incidents on Information Systems and Technology residing on NIPRnet, SIPRnet, JWICS and STONEGHOST.  Support IT Operations and Maintenance in implementing secure network solutions while following industry best practices (ITSM, ITIL and ISO 20000).   Develop, implement and monitor service level agreements with staff and customers, ensuring compliance and time-efficient and effective resolutions.   Facilitate desktop/laptop imaging and patching via PXE server and Software Center Configuration Manager.  Implement and manage Host Based Security Systems on Government Furnished Equipment while utilizing McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator to enforce policies, execute client-side tasks and manage risk and compliance factors.  Compose and present articulate and comprehensive objective briefings to Program Executive Office and senior government officials detailing analysis and audit results, service level agreement benchmarks and current metrics.  Collaborate with Network Operations Center to configure asset addresses to coincide with the IP scheme of a given Virtual Local Area Network.   Perform user account validation across different internal mission-essential resources and external platforms. Signal Support System Specialist U.S. Army Reserve - Fort Belvoir, VA November 2013 to Present Configure and manage clients network LAN/WAN hardware including routers, switches and wireless networking equipment.  Grant corresponding rights and restrictions to users that access the network.  Stage network devices for finance center and ensure complete uninterrupted connectivity throughout each given network.   Provide technical support troubleshooting and diagnosing malfunctioning devices and apply appropriate corrective action.  Ensure continuous accountability of network components such as computers, printers, projectors, switches and routers.  Install, maintain, and troubleshoot signal support equipment.  Use diagnostic equipment and interactive electronic technical manuals to repair equipment.  Perform electrical inspections and repairs on various certified hardware devices for the military.  Optimize production operations by diagnosing and troubleshooting radio receivers and perform preventive maintenance checks and services on communication devices. IT Analyst II/Systems Administrator Joint Chiefs of Staff – Advanced Systems Development - Arlington, VA June 2017 to March 2018 Administer desktop/remote analysis, diagnostics and resolutions to approximately 6,500 uniformed and civilian personnel.  Monitor established network infrastructure and implement adjustments as required to maintain a secure and efficient enterprise.  Perform user account validation via Active Directory for onboarding personnel to system resources and enterprise permissions.  Install, configure, maintain and troubleshoot hardware and software related to end-user workstations in order to deliver required desktop service levels.  Assess the need for and implement performance upgrades to Mac and PC boxes and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure clients to ensure seamless migration from Windows 7 to Windows 10.  Collaborate with Local Area Network technicians and network administrators to ensure proficient operation of the current desktop environment and transition to Virtual Desktop Infrastructure.  Accurately document instances of desktop/VoIP equipment failures, repairs, installations and removals and update within assigned trouble tickets. Physical Security Project Specialist Pentagon Force Protection Agency - M.C. Dean - Arlington, VA November 2016 to June 2017 Identify, coordinate and conduct physical security assessments and threat protection of sensitive compartmented information facilities, high-risk personnel and federal property and resolve security system deficiencies to yield continuous effectual productivity.   Collaborate with facility leadership and other agencies to enhance security measures implemented into electronic security systems and access control.  Manage personnel, physical security system assessment program and technical and performance requirements.  Train and oversee a team of 10-12 employees.  Analyze and interpret security theories, concepts and practices.   Conduct physical security briefings to various levels of personnel and agencies to ensure proficient utilization of security policies, regulations and operating procedures.  Frequently complete and maintain detailed quality control documentation of building configuration drawings.  Uphold consistent communication bridge with Pentagon Operations Center and Network Operations Center to ensure proficient system health of electronic physical security system. IT Field Specialist II Elite Contracting Group - Manassas, VA March 2016 to November 2016 Configure, install and maintain Intelligent Transportation System devices on structures and traffic controller cabinets throughout Northern Virginia roadways in accordance with Federal Highway Administration and Virginia Department of Transportation standards.  Conduct periodical preventive maintenance checks and services on Closed-Circuit Television cameras, Intrusion Detection Systems, Dynamic Message Signs, Lane Control Signals, Road Weather Information Systems and electrical inspections in traffic controller cabinets.  Accept responsibility and rectify work orders reported by Network Operations Center and Transportation Operations Center and consistently update actuals and logs via Maximo.  Perform remote preventive maintenance checks and respond to service calls on an on-call rotating basis. Lead ITS Specialist TransCore - Manassas, VA September 2014 to March 2016 Plan, install, configure and maintain Intelligent Transportation System devices on existing/new gantries and cantilever structures and mast arms.  Perform preventive maintenance checks and services on cabinets and devices integrated in to those corresponding cabinets to include, electrical inspections, maintaining and troubleshooting downed Closed-Circuit Television cameras, Lane Control Signals, Variable Message Signs, Dynamic Message Signs and traffic microwave sensors.   Apply vast technical knowledge in updating and maintaining networking software and hardware to communication links such as switches, routers and hubs.  Coordinate with project supervisor on a daily basis to discuss objectives assigned within their given deadlines and directing a crew to maximize efficiency.  Develop, implement and facilitate crew member's duties in accordance with proper safety procedures.  Knowledgeable and proficient in establishing networks by pulling power cables and fiber optic cables, as well as an extensive understanding in fiber and power terminations and continuity testing.  Install and integrate 334 traffic controller cabinets.   Use and train on safety and operation of lift trucks.  Ensure tasks accomplished as well as any problems and/or faults are included in daily production summary. Education Diploma Mountain View High School - Stafford, VA 2012 Military Service Branch: Army Reserve Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 November 2013 to Present Certifications/Licenses Top Secret Security Clearance CompTIA Security+ CE AMAG - Symmetry Essentials Bosch Video Management System DCJS Software House C-CURE 9000 System Installer/Maintaine DISA ACAS 5.3 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Certified Network Defense Architect (CNDA) Additional Information Qualifications/Skills  Comprehensive knowledge and understanding in configuring and maintaining Windows and Linux operating systems, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, DameWare, VMware, TCP/IP protocol suite, LAN/WANs, VPNs, host/network-based IDS/IPS.  Proficient with Tenable SecurityCenter/Nessus/PVS.  In-depth understanding of compliance frameworks such as NIST SP: 800-53, 800-37, 800-39, 800-137, 800-18, FIPS, DODI 8510.  Diverse knowledge of IT/IA security concepts, protocols, processes and architectures.  Fluent in Spanish and English.