Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - ODESSY Consulting Rockwall, TX Work Experience Information Security Analyst ODESSY Consulting - Dallas, TX September 2017 to Present The Exchange (Dept of Justice)    ? Authored security architecture design documentation and standard operating procedures.  ? Introduced use of security metrics to mitigate vulnerability by analyzing historical threats, addressing risks/gaps/violations and implementing improved protocols  ? Planned, directed and coordinated network-related projects and multidisciplinary teams. Accomplished project goals on time,  ? In-charge of a migration team to a cloud base system  ? Work with the Risk Management Framework (RMF) in conducting assessment  ? Use tools like Nexpose for Vulnerability and Modulo for Compliance  ? System development life cycle experience  ? Meet SME on different systems regularly  ? Implement new process and help with vulnerabilities management  ? Create new knowledge base  ? In charge and created PCI DSS v3.2 all 12 requirement and 3 Appendix survey.  ? Meet with various SME's to complete survey  ? PCI code reviews, quarterly scans and annual testing.  ? My ECP code reviews  ? Next-gen code reviews IT Security Audit Consultant NTT Data - Dallas, TX March 2017 to June 2017 Review/audit of controls: Assess, analyze, identify if controls are effective, not effective or missing.  ? Prioritize the risk gas, then plan and implement mitigation.  ? Work independently to complete interview with SME's about vulnerability management controls.  ? Use qualys and archer tool to scan for vulnerability to get the SANS Top 20 report, Remediation, Assert search and Risks analysis. Also software as a server, Infrastructure and Management life cycle  ? Added value in developing, the controls metrics questionnaire, analyzing assessment finding and define remediation.  ? Storage  ? Mainframe  ? Workplace Service/Laptops  ? Database IT Compliance Analyst Cybervision Technologies, LLC - New York, NY February 2013 to December 2016 NYC, NY February 2013-December 2016    Sub contract  Grand Thornton(Chicago)  M3USA (Philadelphia)  State of Maine    IT Compliance Analyst  ? Analyze and update System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan Of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  ? Worked with a wide range of clients and was exposed to multiple different types of environments.  ? Adapted to each environment and performed Security Analyst work responding to threats through Jira, Nmap, Nessus Scan, Share point and Qualys to solve different issues.  ? Coordinate with System Owners and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for companies IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53.  ? Created systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  ? Conduct Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A).  ? Perform Vulnerability Assessment. Make sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper actions have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems.  ? Created standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages.  ? Conducted IT controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Sub Contract Smart Think, Inc - New York, NY March 2011 to January 2013 XTO Energy (Fort Worth)    SOX Compliance Analyst  ? Conduct meetings with IT client team to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures and document test results and exceptions  ? Initiate information security awareness and training programs  ? Attend change control meetings  ? Conduct Periodic IT risk assessment and review controls  ? Conduct walkthroughs, Formulate test plans, document gaps, test results and exceptions, develop remediation plans for each area of testing  ? Involved in third party contract evaluation  ? Review information security accreditation request    ISO 27001  ? Security Policy, Scope of the ISMS (Information Security Management system), Risk assessment, Manage identify risk, Selection of controls to be implemented, prepare a statement of application  ? Also the Plan Do Check Act which has to do with the confidentiality, availability and Integrity  ? Work on project with the ISO 27002 with 12 Domains area Education Associate Degree in Education in Education specialized in testing English University of Ghana 2002 Skills Active Directory, testing, Security, access Additional Information ? 7+ years' experience in IT security, compliance and risk management, including security control  ? 4+ years of experience in infrastructure and application-level vulnerability testing and auditing  ? 7+years of experience in system, network and/or application security  ? 7+ years' experience with Federal security regulations, standards, and processes including FISMA, FIPS, NIST, and Fed RAMP and Cloud computing  ? 6 years of 3rd Party Risk Assessor  ? 6+ years working on active directory by unlocking account, group access account, disable account etc with window administrative tools  ? Cyber Regulations, Standards, Policies and Procedures, Security Architectures, Network Security Operations, Privacy and Data Protection, Security Risk Management  ? I have conduct Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es) following NIST SP 800-53A guidelines  ? In depth knowledge of COSO, CO BIT, 150 & IET, SAS N: 70 SSAE 16 and HIPAA frameworks.  ? I have generate residual risk reports in order to update the PAO&M  ? Build strong relationships with leaders across the First and Second Lines of Defense to enable strong collaboration, while maintaining Internal Audit's independence. Conduct internal training sessions to help other audit teams understand cyber risk.  ? Superb analytical skills  ? Strong inter-personal skills  ? Effective verbal and written communication skills  ? Ability to effectively work in multi-cultural and diverse work environments Deep understanding of cloud computing.  ? Experience with service-oriented architecture and web services secure Responsibility of the health of the RSA Archer platform  ? Archer provides a common foundation to manage policies, controls, risks, assessments and deficiencies across your lines of business. Improve cross-functional collaboration and alignment, with business users across IT, finance, operations and legal domains working together in an integrated framework using common processes and data. Non-technical users can automate processes, streamline workflow, control user access  ? Archer 3rd party get an accurate picture of third party risk, quickly allocate resources to those that are most pressing, and make better business decisions    TECHNICAL SUMMARY  ? Certification and Accreditation Document Review training, 07/2011 - 10/2012  ? Information Assurance Awareness training, 07/2011- 10/2012  ? FISMA Compliance training, 07/2011 - 10/2012  ? Information Systems Security training, 07/2011 - 10/2012  ? Enterprise Certification and Accreditation training, 07/2011 - 10/2012    SECURITY CLEARANCE