Cyber Security Specialist Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Cyber Security Specialist Chesterfield, VA Work Experience Cyber Security Specialist Cyber Security Service Provider Programs March 2018 to January 2019 CGI    • Executed and analyzed Cyber Security Service Provider Programs for the Joint Service Provider (JSP) program. Provided a full range of information technology products, services, solutions and customer support to the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD), the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (CJCS) and the Joint Staff (JS), the Director of Administration (DA), the Pentagon Force Protection Agency (PFPA), the Washington Headquarters Services (WHS) and other various OSD offices to meet mission and business requirements.  • Knowledge of many aspects of information security with in-depth understanding and hands on experience of many of the following areas: Firewalls, IDS/IPS, VPN, Web Application Firewalls, Authentication technologies, Web Filtering, Proxy Firewalls, network taps and tap aggregators  • Demonstrated a strong knowledge in Networking Engineering and configuring Cisco and Juniper equipment. Exchange Systems Administrator SAIC November 2017 to December 2018 Primary Contractor) SAIC/ Department of State  • Performed technical administrative support to ensure the stability and availability of enterprise Exchange servers for local embassies and overseas embassies. Troubleshot service down or failed systems with mail routing and replication related issues using Microsoft SCOM and VMware applications.  • Managed deployment and enterprise migrations from On-Premise to O365 in hybrid environments. And accountable for troubleshooting Unclassified and Classified account migration issues related to O365, and OWA and client Outlook issues. And conduct out of hours server reboots and checks.  • Responsible for prepping and moving user's Active Directory accounts to different Organizational Units using Microsoft Migrator Tool.  • Experience with checking spillages on Unclassified and Classified Networks using Windows Server 2008R2.  • Conducted routine PowerShell scripting on exchange databases to ensure stability and availability. And moved user mailboxes to appropriate databases with PowerShell.  • Installed and configured Lync & Skype for Business functionalities for interfacing systems. And responsible for enabling/disabling user's Microsoft Lync accounts.  • Assisted in evaluating QA tests and validating prerequisites for Exchange servers in production; and document work using Remedy ticketing system.  • Performed ITIL procedures and service level agreements based on government compliance. Implemented security protocols and mitigated security vulnerabilities and risks based on Risk Management Framework (RMF) standards. Backup Team Lead Systems Administrator Kforce /DMI/ Department of State February 2016 to November 2017 Sub-primary contractor) Kforce /DMI/ Department of State    • Responsible for Tier 3 level support troubleshooting all IT related issues for VIP (OpenNet/ClassNet)  personnel.  • Managed Active Directory user profiles, and responsible for creating, disabling, managing memberships, unlocking and resetting passwords. Conducted VDI (Virtual Desktop Infrastructure) assignments and terminate user sessions using Citrix.  • Administered and maintained Exchange mailboxes to include: mailbox creations, and increase/decrease mailbox storage limits. Analyze, evaluate and test new software and hardware.  • Ensured maximum server performance, responsible for implementing and maintaining servers on VMware; administration of Windows Print Servers for user support.  • Monitored Remedy queue for customer trouble tickets and resolve within the required metric standard. Documented and reported problems, while providing detailed status updates to management.  Administered the Risk Management Framework (RMF) certification and accreditation process that identifies architecture, requirements, objectives and policies; IA personnel, processes and procedures.  • Ensured network operations of network enclaves to include unclassified and classified local area networks and external connections.  • Performed information security inspections to include reviewing system and network vulnerability scans, and prepared reports that included findings and recommendations for correction of deficiencies. NOC Analyst US Army May 2015 to January 2016 Apesx Systems / US Army  • Performed first-line support to determine service interruptions when outages occur on the web pages and servers. Monitored systems using Netcool and Solarwinds.  • Conducted broadcast messages to notify personnel of critical events.  • Responsible for ensuring a liaison between customers and technical escalation teams to provide a single view to the organization.  • Monitored network trouble tickets using Remedy. Interacted and collaborated with external vendors for firewall and router changes.  • Ensured all engineered solutions were in compliance with DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs), DoD and Agency policies and standards. IT Support May 2011 to August 2013 Apex Systems /Lockheed Martin 844th Communications Squadron  • Monitored queue (Remedy) for customer trouble tickets and resolved within the required metric standard. Configured laptops, desktops, printers, personal data assistants, blackberry devices, for over 30,000 both classified and unclassified Department of Defense personnel.  • Provided support with customer email accounts, publishing digital/encryption certificates, Common Access Card (CAC) issues such as Personal Identification Number (PIN) and password resets.  • Assisted teleworking customers with remote access (Juniper, Citrix, Cisco VPN, and Web Mail) to shared folders, network drives, and email accounts.  • Served as key contributor for enterprise wide deployment of the Headquarters Air Force (HAF) Standard Desktop Configuration (SDC), XP, Windows7 upgrade, using SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager) to configure migration.  • Demonstrated consistent attention to detail. Used various sources to accurately assess the situation and used logic to identify the problem and resolve issues in minimal time.  • Documented and reported problems, while providing detailed status updates to management.  • Ensured all engineered solutions were in compliance with DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs), DoD and Agency policies and standards. Windows Administrator 22nd Century Technologies, Inc September 2010 to February 2011 • Installed and supported Windows network. Established network customers, customer environment, directories, and security for networks being installed.  • Installed and configured Windows 2000 / 2003 network with active directory and troubleshooting.  • Configured and troubleshot DNS and DHCP, and handled VPN, IIS Servers.  • Provided in depth support for Server 2003 and Server 2008 platforms in a fast paced working environment.  • Upgraded network hardware and software components as required.  • Assisted management in network design, enhancement, and expansion activities and assisted in the proactive monitoring of the health of the network.  • Developed automates backup and restoration procedures for multi-server LAN.  • Responsible for the configuration and application support on multiple HP Proliant and IBM xSeries servers, hardware installs, installation/setup of operating systems, creation of logical volumes, and configuration of networking components.  • Was responsible for end-of-life procedures and database updates.  • Created and implemented group policies; installed and monitored antivirus and firewalls in servers.  • Performed imaging and re-imaging of high profile user desktops.  • Provided laptop support using Ghosting software.  • Administered network shares to files/folders by assigning user permissions in User Manager/Web Admin. Hardware Field Engineer HP September 2007 to September 2010 Hewlett Packard  • Provided warranty and break fixes on Hewlett Packard servers, desktops, laptops, printers and plotters at various government locations.  • Provided second level technical support and assistance to customers and field technicians.  • Performed installations, preventative maintenance and part replacement on server, desktops, laptops, printers and plotters at customer locations as well as maintain company-issued assets from home.  • Installed, upgrades, and configures network printing, rights, security, and software. Setup videoconferences.  • Provided and respond to customers' questions, needs concerning access or resources on the network.  • Was responsible for parts inventory and for updating all customer tickets.  HP Contractual Network Engineer - Level II  Responsibilities:  • Installed and supported Windows networks. These enterprises consisted of over 20,000 users.  • Established network customers, customer environment, directories, and security for networks being installed.  • Provided second level technical support and assistance.  • Provided technical support by analyzing hardware and/or software data, identifying the root cause of the problem and developing/implementing hardware and/or software solutions.  • Provided and responded to customers' questions, and needs concerning access or resources on the network.  • Installed, upgraded, and configured network printing, rights, security, and software. Setup videoconferences.  • Upgraded network hardware and software components as required.  • Assisted management in network design, enhancement, and expansion activities as well as assist in the proactive monitoring of the health of the Senate network. Education Associates Degree in Cyber Security in Cyber Security Montgomery Community College May 2019 Certifications/Licenses AWS Practitioner CompTIA A+ Present CompTIA Network+ Present CompTIA Security+ Present