Executive Assistant Executive Assistant Executive Assistant - Department of Navy, NAVSEA Hyattsville, MD Possess 11 years' experience in Federal Agencies and DoD Security field.  Creative thinker and organized individual with the ability to multi-task and work independently or with a team. Work Experience Executive Assistant Department of Navy, NAVSEA June 2019 to Present Employer: Sayres and Associates  • Collaborate with administrative staff across the organization, Navy, and Department of Defense to ensure coordination, planning, execution, and support of a wide range of diverse engagements, meetings, and travel to support very demanding schedules.  • Coordinate executive level schedules via Microsoft Outlook Calendar to include internal and external program engagements, program reviews, conferences, speaking invitations, and official social functions.  • Prioritize events and engagements to avoid conflicts, and maximize efficiency and efficacy of demanding and busy calendars including: ensure daily calendar is executable; determine priority engagements; ensure program leadership is fully prepared prior to each meeting/event; and engage with key stakeholders to obtain advance information and prepare detailed information packages for senior leadership.  • Serve as the program office liaison for handling (preparing/logging/serializing/filing/ distributing) incoming and outgoing correspondence (in accordance with Navy guidance).  • Coordinate, plan, and book transportation and lodging to support travel using the Defense Travel System (DTS).  • Monitor incoming calls, recording and distributing messages accurately and efficiently. IT Business Analyst U.S. Department of State January 2018 to June 2019 Employer: Acuity/ Belcan    • The Business Analyst's primary responsibility is to gather, analyze, document, and validate the needs of project stakeholders. This position develops user requirements with stakeholders and translates these user requirements into system requirements and mockups to be implemented by the development team.  • Determine the purpose of each project and strategize its initiation for multiple programs within the federal government  • Participates in performance improvement activities related to the program quality improvement process  • Write User stories and Acceptance Criteria for ServiceNow transition from Remedy. Learning and implementing Agile process for ServiceNow transition.  • Provide support to the Remedy developers and stakeholders. Keep job aids and SOPs update to date. Provide research for the tools analysis and Smart reporting team.  • Manage weekly status reports for on-site Program Manager and COR.  • Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, provide continuing improvement to workflow. Monitor deliverables and ensure timely completion of projects.  • Provide process management, planning, stakeholder management, and integration of initiatives for Governance, Resource & Performance Management (GRP) Director level activities. Provide coverage for office administration staff including answering phones, escorting authorized visitors, conference room scheduling, HR functions (i.e. Time and Attendance, Org Chart updates, floor plan updates). Prepare various reports to assist in data analysis for the office.  • Create and maintain soft-copy and hard-copy files of information received by the office or prepared on behalf of the office. Act as a liaison with Human Resources on the creation and classification of new Position Descriptions; acquiring approval for job vacancy announcements; preparation of incoming personnel. Manage operational tasks/ projects via Metastorm Task System- prepare, monitor and delegate action items on the behalf of the Division and ensure suspense dates are met.  • Prepares and assist with the quarterly Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Integrated Data Collection report to IRM E-Gov. Primary POC for Inventory Tracking; track and manage Division's software, hardware, office supply inventory. Provide Program SharePoint collaboration site support.  • On-boarding & Off-boarding new employees; processing badge requests, network access, coordinating and scheduling required training(s) for new employees, network access, coordinating and scheduling required training(s) for new employees Standard Operating Procedure Manager U.S. Census Bureau December 2016 to January 2018 Employer: CPMC Corp    • Manage and enforces SOP Standardization, Coordination, and Management Process for the CQA program under the U.S. Census Bureau. Provide administrative support to the Continual Service Improvement Director and staff. Draft and edit various materials: correspondence, reports, Memos and PowerPoint slides.  • Monitor and communicate SOP deliverable due dates for each tranche of SOPs, ensuring all delivery dates are met under the 2020 Census Questionnaire Assistant contract. Coordinate meetings vis WebEx and Skype for the CSI Director and staff.  • Track SOPs from initial documentation on the SOP Register through delivery of documents to the (USCB) U.S. Census Bureau. Assist SOP Primary Authors with the creation of process maps.  • Review all documents for consistency in formatting, grammar, punctuation, and sentence structure. Review SOPs to ensure content is relevant and understandable to the reader  • Review process steps for clarity and completeness. Add and maintain version control for all SOP documents. Maintain and communicate the scheduled review process throughout the program lifecycle. Maintain the SOP Register Senior Operations Coordinator, DHA Armed Forces Health Surveillance November 2015 to December 2016 Employer: Cherokee Nation Businesses  • Perform basic admin duties to include assistance with travel and expenses, document drafting and editing, calendaring and email support, maintenance of PowerPoint and Excel files, and assisting in special projects as needed.  • Prepare purchase orders and send copies to suppliers and to departments originating requests. Determine if inventory quantities are sufficient for needs, ordering more materials when necessary for the various departments. Respond to federal customer and supplier inquiries about order status, changes, or cancellations. Resolve pricing conflicts and place bids with different vendors.  • Assist Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations in fulfilling six AFHSC Operations areas to include mission readiness, product requests and management; strategic plan implementation; award and recognitions management, policy and SOP development; and VIP visit management.  • Track and record required training and readiness requirements and annual Evaluation Reports associated with AFHSC employees (AD, CIV, IPA, CTR).  • Issue reminders to rated employees (AD, CIV, IPA) and their Raters and Senior Raters (as applicable) and follow up and manage the distribution and delivery of reports to Service recording offices.  • Record receipt and assignment of all Requests for Information (RFI) into the RFI management tool to include internal and external taskings; assign projects and follow-up on requests and tasks.  • Execute product development; review and format products for distribution and distribute final AFHSC products to requesting partners or customers; issue reminders as needed to assigned individuals or divisions for product development.  • In process and out process all Contractors, Military and Civilians for AFHSB. Maintain personnel folders and records. Oversee CAC renewal. Oversee Blackberry and Laptop request.  • Assist in developing and modifying the AFHSC mission and vision as incorporated within the Strategic Plan; track and evaluate the execution of the Strategic Plan Goals and Objectives.  • Develop Internal Performance Review (IPR) guidelines, reporting sheets, and schedule individual division IPRs to be given to the AFHSC Director; follow-up with divisions and calendar quarterly IPRs.  • Assist in developing employee recognitions and awards; coordinate with and assign the respective and responsible division or nomination leaders to ensure nomination is completed properly and in a timely manner.  • Oversee and staff nomination to include foresight, formatting, review, strengthening the nomination, and following up on the approval of the nomination.  • Review, update, and modify existing AFHSC Policies and Standing Operating Procedures (SOP); write and develop new Policies and SOPs as required by the AFHSC Headquarters.  • Manage and oversee any SOP development at the AFHSC Division level.  • Oversee staffing of new or revised AFHSC Policies and SOPs among the appropriate parties within the AFHSC; publish and distribute the AFHSC Policies and SOPs as required.  • Work with AFHSC Program Manager to schedule and coordinate itineraries for VIP visits; develop agendas and seating assignments, coordinate conference rooms, and issue invitations and assignments. Senior Executive Assistant, DOD Air Force, SAF/IE - Pentagon March 2015 to November 2015 Employer: Marstel Day LLC    • Provide administrative support for SES-level Air Force Encroachment Management Director and AF Community Partnership Program Director  • Planed conferences/ meetings and scheduled conference lines for the Director and Deputy Director  • Maintained and coordinates Executive Staff calendar  • Coordinated all administrative support to ensure all functions are accomplished and meets the needs of the Executive Staff and off-site personnel  • Attended meetings and solely responsible for producing the minutes  • Implemented and established security processes required for newly assigned personnel  • Coordinated travel arrangements to include completing authorizations and travel vouchers using the Defense Travel System (DTS)  • Prepared a variety of standardized written documents to include handwritten drafts, edited files, and processes electronic filing to be inputted into Task Management Tool (TMT)  • Organized and maintained confidential information  • Served as the logistics liaison and primary focal point between Director and internal/external clients  • Assisted with planning and delivering briefings at the direction of the Program Director  • Directed team activities, establishes task priorities, schedules and tracks work assignments, providing guidance, and ensuring the availability of resources  • Oversaw the planning programming and execution of funds the Air Force Encroachment Management and AF Community Partnership Program totaling over $1.2 Million (M)in O&M funds and $1.3 (M) in RDT&E funds  • Analyzed status of fund reports and provided recommendations on all commitment of funds into the accounting system and reconcile monthly to ensure accurate timely posting of obligations  • Closely monitored all assigned accounts, tracking obligations, disbursements and expenditures.  • Served as Agency Program Coordinator (APC) for Manpower MPA Man-Day Management System (M4S)  • Perform correspondence and document management  • Provide meeting support to Air Force directorate. Present PowerPoint presentation for the directorate  • Database support (APAN) Office Manager, Office IT Governance - Pentagon September 2014 to March 2015 Employer: Haystax Technology    • Reviewed, edited and prepared documents, correspondence, memoranda, and reports for the IT Governance, Director's signature  • Works with manufacturing to develop and manage continuous improvement programs, designed to address quality, service, and price  • Manage and maintain IT contract database and assist with database support for other contract managers and other business functions utilizing the database  • Assist Procurement in performance of cradle to grave contract management and administration on all assigned contracts  • Perform other procurement related duties as assigned by the Project Manager and/or Task Manager  • Works with manufacturing to develop and manage continuous improvement programs, designed to address quality, service, and price  • Manage and maintain IT contract database and assist with database support for other contract managers and other business functions utilizing the database  • Assist Procurement in performance of cradle to grave contract management and administration on all assigned contracts  • Perform other procurement related duties as assigned by the Project Manager and/or Task Manager  • Prepared a variety of standardized written documents to include handwritten drafts and processed electronic filing  • Establish and provide continuity in the IT Governance Department through knowledge of mission, administrative, and communication channels, past policies and traditions.  • Establish, update and maintain Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).  • Coordinate memos, MOU, MOA, correspondence and action items for IT Governance Department.  • Provide administrative support to IT Governance Analysts and IT Governance Secretariat.  • Maintain SharePoint, Internal Governance portal and DISA Defense Enterprise Portal System (DEPS).  • Responsible for incoming and outgoing processing of employees. (Coordinate SIPR, NIPR setup, Request employee parking, Courier card request, access to shared drives etc.).  • Responsible for planning and preparation of PACC meetings. Drafting, finalizing and distributing meeting minutes, name plates and meeting agenda. Security Assistant US Army Research Laboratory September 2009 to September 2014 Employer: Bering Strait    • Expert on foreign visits, accreditations, information requests, and technology security policies/procedures.  • Serve as an administrative backup to ARL Front Office when needed  • Distributed mail, prepare copies, and assemble printed materials; Prepared briefing binders and packages for Security inspections.  • Provide OCONUS travel briefings and debriefings.  • Knowledge of a wide range of national level, Department of Defense (DoD), and Army (1) foreign disclosure and technology security policies, (2) concepts, principles, practices and procedures; (3) wide range of security administration programs; (4) countermeasures to review, analyze, and resolve difficult and complex security problems concerning the release of classified information to foreign governments and individuals and the protection of critical Army technologies.  • Provide security administration and foreign disclosure assistance to the Foreign Disclosure Officer/ Security Specialists in the ARL Foreign Disclosure Office.  • Plan meetings, conferences, and events, working lunch meetings, program/project schedules and review, status reports, milestone reviews, and cost benefit analysis for ARL Personnel.  • Maintain the ARL Foreign Intelligence Database to include input of data concerning visits by foreign nationals/representatives to ARL facilities nationwide.  • Provide guidance and conduct foreign disclosure activities in compliance with policy.  • Receive classified and unclassified mail and faxes, prepare electronic documents.  • Provide telephonic assistance to ARL Personnel concerning processing of foreign visit requests.  • Assist other department Security Specialists with (1) gathering data, (2) addressing personnel requests, and (3) compile information assurance.    Available for Full-Time Positions ? References Available Upon Request Education Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration American Intercontinental University Skills RECORDS MANAGEMENT, ITIL, REMEDY, VISIO, MS OFFICE, EXCEL, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, WORD, Office Management