Risk and Vulnerability Manager-Contractor Risk and Vulnerability Manager-Contractor Risk and Vulnerability Manager-Contractor - ING Bank Work Experience Risk and Vulnerability Manager-Contractor ING Bank April 2019 to Present Drive vulnerability remediation through analysis of vulnerability scan data; prioritize remediation efforts and threat management. Research vulnerabilities in software, firmware and devices, modern exploits and exploitation techniques in the following areas: Microsoft platform (Server, workstation, applications), Open Systems platforms (Linux, UNIX, VM Ware ESX), Java, Adobe, Web Application, Java web app virtualization platforms (e.g. WebSphere), Networking, Databases (Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, IMS).    • Identify mitigating controls and assign a mitigation score to each discovered vulnerability  • Coordinate remediation patching and maintenance windows with business owners and support teams.  • Develop, maintain and update remediation and mitigation run books and reference guides.  • Provide technical guidance as SME resource, recommend solutions across the lifecycle of vulnerability management, asset management, threat intelligence, and the integration of various investigative solutions and technologies.  • Provide executive reports, metrics, CVSS guidance and direction related to Vulnerability Management.  Compliance:  • Physical security, asset and operations policies processes and controls.  • Ensure compliance to all P policy and procedure including but not limited to SOX compliance.  Cyber Security:  • Review findings on IT networks and systems, provide advice or recommendations related to business processes, support creation and approval of detailed work plans as required by remediation activities.  • Provide recommendations to IT Custodians, . Group Manager as to appropriateness and assist in the development of an enterprise wide Security Architecture Assessment Plan and Security Architecture Cybersecurity Project Manager -Vulnerability Manager Pfizer Pharmaceuticals - Peapack, NJ May 2018 to February 2019 Lead the day to day operations of the PNSIP Vulnerability Management Team. Authored, coordinated, monitored and supported all activities in the areas of Vulnerability Management, remediation across Pfizer' enterprise infrastructure, external web applications, patching, remediation tracking and firewall reviews. Cybersecurity and attacker method review, Incident Response, prepare and update VM roadmap, developed, business and stakeholder relationships, published solutions, PMO project plans, prepared and provided detailed reports.  Key Responsibilities:  Identifying and driving remediation of security risks and focal point for all information asset protection. Develop close working partnerships with senior Business leaders to ensure DMZ protection, Vulnerability and threat analysis.  • Lead efforts to apply risk management processes in projects, identify and track risks, recommend solutions, validate remediation plans and facilitate implementation.  • Provided quality control over cybersecurity initiatives; critiquing, and proofreading vulnerability management playbooks, policies, and reports.  • Maintained an ongoing development of current threat intelligence, risk analysis, an in-depth knowledge of risk reduction, mitigation and recovery strategies (Splunk).  • Provided threat analysis summations to leadership along with proposed actions to minimize threats. Lead Cyber Security Consultant Agio - New York, NY May 2018 to June 2018 Delivered Security Architecture Reviews, Risk assessments, executed SEC Readiness implementation, guided governance policy development, initiated web application, wireless and network pen testing to demonstrate business risk. Auditing client network infrastructure, security controls (NIST) against a framework (OSSTM) of IT security standards, best practices and incidence response. Identified findings, observations, guided remediation recommendations and created comprehensive written pen test reports.    • Incident Response  • Network dlp & Egress testing  • OWASP/NIST Pen Test & Remediation  • Social Engineering  • Vulnerability scanning  • PCI-DSS compliance assessments Information Security Analyst Accenture/ASM Research-Dept of Vet Affairs December 2015 to May 2017 National CRISP enterprise-wide information- security program information security analyst; managed efforts to identify and evaluate critical systems. Implemented vulnerability management incidence response processes and procedures, patching, risk analysis and penetration testing.  Key Achievements:  • Assessed security strategies and status of network, clients and servers.  • Spearheaded creation of two new information- security teams: Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing services.  • Assisted in building Risk Assessment Team, analyzed, remediated all critical systems, documented system vulnerabilities, recommended appropriate solutions. Policy and procedure creation to govern security controls, email and internet usage. Information Security Analyst, Ensured accurate release testing Constellation Energy April 2015 to July 2015 for all new applications, provided final approval for bug-free and SCADA functional commercial solutions. Proactively assigned resources to meet workflow needs. Created development plans, project documentation, and test cases.  Key Achievements:  • Managed vulnerability assessment, penetration testing and vulnerability scanning. Consultant Independent Pen January 2015 to May 2015 Delivered remote PCI-DSS compliance and remediation support support for retail customers.  Key Achievements:  • Application, Network and Wireless Penetration testing  • Designed and implemented customer support procedures and network design strategy. Engineer Niksun - Princeton, NJ November 2013 to December 2014 Key Achievements  • Spearheaded Mobile Penetration testing, Vulnerability Scanning and Wireless network hacking to capture and analyze production network traffic. Outlined results via documentation and delivered remediation consultation via NIKSUN NetDetector. Director Info- Security Projectory - New York, NY January 2013 to August 2013 Key Achievements:  • Developed business case analysis procedure.  • Managed security service and e Discovery forensic data reconstruction solutions.  • Consulted on network penetration testing, IP monitoring, security countermeasures and strategy. Independent InfoSec Consultant Bentley Global IT - New York, NY January 2009 to July 2012 Key Achievements:  • Wireless network testing, vulnerability scanning. Simulation of targeting and intercepting client credentials (MITM) to identify business risk, vulnerable assets, clients and devices. Sr. IT Bus. Dev. Consultant Bloomberg LP - New York, NY September 2007 to May 2009 Key Achievements:  • Bloomberg Law product initiation and delivery.  • GRC, API software testing. Education Bachelor's Skills SECURITY, ENCASE, FTK, ISO, METASPLOIT