Senior IA Intrusion Detection Analyst Senior IA Intrusion Detection <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior IA Intrusion Detection Analyst Upper Marlboro, MD Work Experience Senior IA Intrusion Detection Analyst BLUE CANOPY, LLC 2011 to 2012 * Provided consulting expertise to Division of Information Technology (DIT) Risk Mitigation program.  * Strengthened system security by investigating cyber threats and conducting analyses/assessments of the Always  Persistent Threat (APT) attempts from foreign actors to infiltrate the agency's financial systems security.  * Developed and distributed a verified checklist against NIST guideline controls; prepared and delivered briefings to executive leadership on the computer network status.  * Ensured compliance with regulatory standards and system knowledge among employees by providing support for Supported Certification and Accreditation (C&A) testing. Senior IA-Engineer / Management TECHNICA CORPORATION 2010 to 2011 * Managed and supported Technica Corporation on a joint DISA, NSA, and DHS Partnership Program.  * Within 45 days of hire, added an additional $2.5M in add-on revenue to the contract.  * Strengthened intrusion defense by creating 2-part authentication for identity management, as well as an engineering services protocol to a DOD Sponsored Task Order. Provided key support to the Information  Assurance Task Knowledge of SIPRNet, NIPRNet, and JWICS.  * Instrumental role in landing a new security management contract by advising JUNOS on the most effective ways to approach a key contact at DHS.  * Met with DISA management and teams to plan, organize, and clarity the strategy and tactics for presenting the identity management profile from Technica Corporation perspective.  * Developed innovative and well-received training program designed to engage users through a game-type interface.  * Established and configured the cyber defense center for the US Department of Treasury; onboarded all users.    Phone: 240.463.7422 www.linkedin.com/in/james-chavis  Upper Marlboro, Maryland chavisj@hotmail.com Senior Systems Security Officer GENERAL DYNAMICS IT 2008 to 2011 * Successfully managed $15 million contract between DHS and General Dynamics IT.  * Provided hands-on leadership of initiatives to strengthen intrusion detection, IDS support, Cisco troubleshooting, CS-MARS Analysis and public key infrastructure (PKI).  * Led discussions with engagement teams and leaders related to risk assessment, management, and mitigation.  * Configured, installed, and deployed the forensic recovery evidence device.  * Monitored and managed teams on the Cisco MARS threat mitigation VMWare support.  * Supported the solar winds network traffic support tool; managed the Bluecoat IDS. IT Security Consultant * Cyber Security Consultant * Senior Network and Technical Consultant RENAISSANCE SYSTEMS, INC 2007 to 2008 Launched consulting firm specializing in providing services and support for building networks, IT solutions, and enterprise architectures to help companies reduce costs, increase revenue, enhance security, improve  operations/performance, and strengthen competitive advantage.    Representative Engagements Include:  Maryna Consulting Corp (current):  ? Evaluate equipment and performance, conduct packet analysis, and identify changes needed in hardware, software, networking, and other technologies to verify restoration of service and meet operational requirements.  ? Optimize test environment for use in network support through research/feasibility studies to determine  possible build out, usage, and maintenance.  Phone: 240.463.7422 www.linkedin.com/in/james-chavis  Upper Marlboro, Maryland chavisj@hotmail.com    US Treasury Office of the Comptroller of the Currency:  ? Served as VARiQ Lead Engineer on the engagement; managed team/client expectations, developed white paper  on Incident Management and SLA completion requirements.  ? Oversaw design, development, implementation, administration, and expansion of all servers, network layer  equipment, and network storage devices, including unclassified and classified systems.  ? Onboarded new hires to the CDC team and trained them in cyber defense tools used for CDC requirements.  ? Managed maintenance and updating of all documentation for system build, network drawings, data flow diagrams, hardware/software system configuration, and help desk request log description/solutions.  ? Ensured compliance with Federal requirements by verifying posture of the LAN and all equipment on it.  ? Met operational requirements for restoration of service verification via packet analysis, hardware/software, networking, etc.    Booz Allen Hamilton:  ? Retained as private and cyber security advisory, expanding business base an 8(a) small business.  ? Authored white paper on Incident Management and SLA completion requirements.  ? Provided guidelines for Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) requirements, Federal Information  Processing Standards (FIPS) compliance, and DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) standards.  ? Identified and recommended wiring and business development tasks for consulting firm; monitored service levels  and interpreted/prioritized threats using intrusion defense tools.    Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC):  ? As Senior IT Information Assurance (IA) Manager and IA/Identity Systems Access Manager, advised NRC senior  leaders on system requirements and DSFG matching capabilities.  ? With senior NRC staff, designed and enforced identity management, access control, and IA requirements.  ? Strengthened incident handling by developing, coordinating, and implementing improved workflow processes.  ? Prepared Environmental Change Request (ECR) and Security Impact Analysis (SIA) reports. Senior Advisory IT Specialist IBM-BCS DIVISION 2005 to 2007 * Retained by IBM's Business Consulting Services (BCS) division in a consulting role. Managed multiple multimillion- dollar projects, including implementation of integration services, and e-business solutions to public sector clients.  * Significantly improve hardware/software performance for IBM client's claim system running on Notes/Dominos.  * Created strategies/tactical framework and presented recommendations for future enhancements of AMIG  insurance company's technology platform and enterprise architecture.    Prior experience includes contract consulting roles and positions of increasing scope and responsibility with the FAA, ACS, and the US Department of Commerce (including the Foreign & Commercial Services Division). Education Master of Science in Instructional Technology, & Media Management University of District of Columbia Bachelor of Arts in Education St. Augustine's University Skills Customer Service, Working, Loss Prevention Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/james-chavis