Founder/Managing Member/CEO Founder/Managing Member/CEO Founder/Managing Member/CEO - Telentire LLC Jacksonville, FL Results oriented IT professional with extensive experience in remote help desk support. Highly adept in network management, wireless security and systems administration with a strong focus on end user support. Skilled in Tier 1 PC and Mac help desk support and project coordination. Experienced in a developing and implementing key performance indicators to improve qualitative data in a team-based environment. Work Experience Founder/Managing Member/CEO Telentire LLC - Jacksonville, FL January 2018 to Present • Manage IT technicians responsible for troubleshooting technical issues with Mac and IOS operating systems.  • Utilize guided learning to facilitate the customer's learning experience (bomgar, and safeview)  • Perform weekly evaluation metrics of technicians to ensure goals and initiatives or trending towards pre-established goals.  • Create quality assurance standards for technicians and implemented process to review calls for professionalism and accurate first call resolution.  • Investigate customer technical complaints across multiple tools and databases and provide resolution guidance while providing customer telephone support. IT Analyst GEICO Marine Insurance - Jacksonville, FL December 2015 to April 2019 • Improved system reliability by engaging process explorer to identify and remove harmful processes on windows operating system.  • Monitored networks on Windows 7, Vista, 8 and 10 operating systems and performed troubleshooting protocols as needed to reduce system downtime.  • Provided 100% remote support to internal and external clients assisting with configuration of peripheral devices such as printers, modems, routers, and headsets.  • Installed and configured antivirus software in accordance with cyber security guidelines to reduce malware penetration. Ziosk Technician/ Server Assistant Olive Garden, Hampton, Jacksonville, VA, FL January 2015 to May 2016 • Greeted customers and resolved customer issues regarding Ziosk Android tablet  • Maintained up to date software to improve speed of service  • Performed daily system maintenance on all Ziosks throughout the restaurant  • Assisted guest with setting and processing payments on tablet  • Cross trained in the following areas: Host, Dish Washer and Salad Alley. Armed Security Officer Shasthra USA Inc - Alexandria, VA December 2012 to August 2013 • Secured multiple job sites across northern Virginia.  • Write and provide detailed reports on risks and suspicious activity.  • Resolved tense situations among the general public with a calm and friendly approach.  • Preserve peace and ordinance. Overnight Maintenance Associate Wal-Mart - Dumfries, VA April 2012 to October 2012 • Assisted in overnight stock to insure Overnight team efficiency.  • Swept, mopped, waxed, and polished store floors in a timely fashion. Help Desk Agent Retro Fitness - Woodbridge, VA November 2011 to March 2012 • Assisted gym members with password and security question resets in accordance with cyber security guidelines to reduce potential threats  • Performed routine weekly Kiosk updates  • Informed members of how to utilize all aspects of the Retro Fitness website (this includes, setting up user accounts, scheduling one on one fitness classes, as well as installing the app) Education High School Diploma Byron P. Steele High School II - Cibolo, TX May 2005 to August 2009 Certificate Thomas Nelson Community College - Hampton, VA Skills IOS, Sharepoint, Microsoft sharepoint, Modem, Router