Software Engineer II (Full Stack) Software Engineer II (Full Stack) Software Engineer II N Charleston, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer II (Full Stack) PhishLabs - Charleston, SC July 2019 to Present • Developed and maintained custom reports (Python and PHP) for CSMs and clients   • Developed the data model and backend for a CMS (Golang) developed in-house that is used to configure, maintain and serve the technical configurations of a clients’ accounts, service agreements, user permissions, etc. to all portals and APIs.  • Developed APIs (AWS Lambda functions via API Gateway) that the operations team interacts with via Slack chat to fetch information from internal systems quickly  • Developed Dockerfile and docker-compose.yml configurations for legacy applications  • Maintained documentation (Wiki) and worked in a Agile / Scrum workflow (tracked using Jira)  • Hosts cross-team meetings and discussions to get feedback from stakeholders on top issues that engineering can help improve  • Design and implementation of applications developed in the ServiceNow ITIL platform that serve both internal users and external client or partner users. Software Engineer I (Full Stack) PhishLabs - Charleston, SC March 2018 to July 2019 • Started working with the engineering team January 2018, hired officially in March after evaluation  • Worked on major and minor bug fixes related to legacy applications written in Python, PHP, and Go  • Maintained Postfix inbound email feeds Cyber Security Analyst II - Triage PhishLabs - Charleston, SC May 2016 to March 2018 • Consistently given more responsibility and praise by my supervisors and managers.  • Promoted to team lead/incident handler within the first year of employment.  • Independently developed 3 workflow tools that assist the day-to-day activities of the Security Operations Team.  • Responsible for training new employees on proprietary company systems, and the technical constructs and behavior of a variety of cyber attacks, in-depth investigative and analysis techniques related to the technical relationships between all business entities involved.  • In-depth investigation of phishing scams, the potential website vulnerabilities and attack vectors that yielded their deployment, and all responsible parties (foreign and/or domestic) related to the administration or ownership of the infrastructure that host these attacks to facilitate their removal.  • The mitigation and takedown of real-time cyber threats by working with all responsible parties to ensure detection and removal of malicious content.  • Analysis of "Phish Kits", a preconfigured scam package developed, distributed and deployed by scammers (written in multiple programming languages) that replicate the design of a targeted brand's website in the attempt to defraud that brand's customers by entering sensitive information.  • Qualification of cyber threats that are submitted or detected through multiple IDSs. Web Development - Contract position Operation Sight - Charleston, SC March 2016 to May 2016 • Contracted to redevelop website for this leading Not For Profit IT Technical Support The Joint - Charleston, SC December 2012 to May 2016 • Performed on-call IT support for multiple area locations both on-site and remotely.  • Transitioned company locations to a SAAS environment for data storage and trained individuals  • Installed network infrastructure at new clinics to include wiring, termination and router setup. Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems College of Charleston - Charleston, SC December 2015 Skills Python (4 years), Go (2 years), PHP (Less than 1 year), Javascript (4 years), JSON (4 years), MySQL (4 years), Java (Less than 1 year), SQL (4 years), ServiceNow (Less than 1 year), Scrum (2 years), Agile (2 years), Linux (4 years), Git (3 years), JIRA (2 years), CSS (10+ years), HTML (10+ years), Amazon Web Services (AWS) (3 years), Golang (2 years)