IT RISK ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> RISK <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> IT ANALYST Rockville, MD Skilled Information Security Analyst with over 3 years hands on experience in RMF processes, NIST special publications and FEDRAMP policies that govern security assessment and authorization (A&A). I am specialized in areas of cyber security, Risk Management Authentication & Access Control Information Assurance, Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and System Audit & System Monitoring. I am highly adaptive and have superior organizational skills as well as familiar with a wide variety of applications, databases, operating systems and network devices. I am a fast learner, can multi-task, and can also work independently and as a contributing team member. A self-motivated, and analytic person with excellent communication skills who combines professional and interpersonal skills to improve efficiency, productivity and profitability. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT RISK ANALYST CONN'S HOMEPLUS - Houston, TX April 2018 to July 2019 Conducted kick off meetings with key officials and the audit team to determine the scope for the audit  • Conduct risk assessments and collaborate with clients to provide recommendations regarding critical infrastructure, network security operations and Continuous Monitoring processes.  • Wrote reports, and documented evidence, findings, and recommendations.  • Generated suspicious activity reports and risk management reports for supervisors and managers.  • Conducted IT control risk assessments that include reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).  • Prepare recommendation reports that were made available to system owners to remediate identified vulnerabilities during the risk assessment process.  • Ensure identified weaknesses from vulnerabilities scans were remediated in accordance to the company's defined time frame.  • Involved in the company's security awareness program to educate employees and managers on current threats and vulnerabilities.  • Expertise using tools like Nmap to obtain the list of open/active ports and services; and Vulnerability Scanning using tools like Nessus to identify weaknesses in the software. INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST TOWERSTRIDES, INC - Chantilly, VA February 2016 to March 2018 • Developing security assessment plans for systems, including the objectives, scope, schedule, required documentation, possible risks, and other logistical items for security assessments.  • Risk Management Framework (RMF) assessments and Continuous Monitoring: Performed RMF assessment on several different environments at USDA using both scanning tools and manual assessment. Assessment included initiating meetings with various System Owners and Information System Security Officers (ISSO), providing guidance of evidence needed for security controls, and documenting findings of assessment.  • Security Documentation: Perform updates to System Security Plans (SSP), Risk Assessments, Incident Response Plans, create Change Control procedures, and draft Plans of Action and Milestones (POAMs).  • Routinely conduct risk assessments to quantify impacts of vulnerabilities or decisions to the federal government.  • POAM Remediation: Performed evaluation of policies, procedures, security scan results, and system settings in order to address controls that were deemed insufficient during Assessment and Authorization (A&A), RMF, continuous monitoring, and FISCAM audits.  • Reviewed all Cyber Security Assessment and Management (CSAM) documentation for compliance, completeness, and validity within each USDA agency.  • Responsible for status reports on all A&A documentation. Education Bachelor's in information technology UMUC - College Park, MD August 2017 to Present Skills Comptia, Iso, Iso 27001, Nessus, Nist, Pci, Siem, Network security, Security, Cyber security, Information assurance, CSAM, RMF, Risk Assessment, Monitoring, Compliance, Assessment Additional Information CompTIA security +