DELIVERY ANALYST DELIVERY <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> IT Service Desk Analyst / Network Administrator Austin, TX • Professional IT Service Desk Analyst with excellent experience in diagnosing and troubleshooting software and  hardware problems.  • Planning and coordinating the installation, testing, operation, troubleshooting, and maintenance of hardware and  software systems.  • Tier 1 /Tier 2 troubleshooting on applications and software managed by the client.  • Troubleshooting, installation and configuring of Business Skype/Lync/Surface Hub.  • Broad range of network and desktop knowledge including VOIP, MAC, WINDOWS XP, WINDOWS 7,  MICROSOFT OFFICE professional suite (2003, 2007, 2010), popular browsers configurations (Firefox , chrome,  and internet explorer).  • Maintain hardware and software for the systems as required. Any updated configuration for network devices  phones, printer, scanners, faxes, routers, switches, desktop, laptop, and severs.  • Used BMC (Remedy) and Service Now Ticketing systems for tracking user issues. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience DELIVERY ANALYST NEW BI US LLC (VizExplorer) - Remote January 2018 to April 2018 Provided technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to VizExplorer products and systems outside of standard business hours  Walk customers through problem-solving process when required  Ensure all queries are acknowledged and customers are kept informed of progress  Respond to customer support items within agreed timeframes  Provide updates to key stakeholders on support tasks and estimated completion times  Escalate issues as required to Senior Technical Support, Systems Engineer, Configuration Analysts or Development  Provide on-call and rostered support as required  Work through existing support issues when able  Update Jira and Zendesk with status of tasks  Track support issues and provide information for reporting as required  Assist with writing documentation as required  Stay current with system information changes and updates  Other duties as assigned IT Service Desk Analyst NTT DATA - Austin, TX August 2016 to May 2017 • Diagnose and troubleshoot software and hardware problems.  • Knowledge of moderately complex hardware and software products and problem solving/ troubleshooting skills.  • Broad range of network and desktop knowledge including VOIP, MAC, WINDOWS XP, WINDOWS 7, Jr Network Desktop Support Analyst Capgemini February 2016 to April 2016 • Supervised the IT Tier 1 Help Desk and employees.  • Tier 1 troubleshooting on applications and software managed by the client.  • Conducts weekly reports for the contract and supplied to the VA as requested by client.  • Assist the VA and their clients with the AVM, LSAM, Appraisal System and requirements.  • Creates training accounts for the VA's Client to conduct training.  • Maintain timesheets every week and any other HR requirements for the position.  • Handles escalated issues that involved the Help Desk, Helpdesk Employees and provides resolution  • Provided advice and guidance on a wide range and variety of complex IT issues.  • Project lead, responsible for timely and successful completion of assigned projects and tasks.  • User administration, developing new methods, approaches and procedures in specialty area(s).  • Provided outstanding customer technical assistance and support.  • Report directly to the Project Managers  • Provides coverage for Service Desk Phone/e-mail, by answering client requests for information,  • Creates help desk tracking tickets through Oracle, documenting information into knowledge base and escalating  to proper personnel and/or department.  • Act as first level of escalation, as required, to address issues.  • Assist in the resolution of customer and support issues by referring issues to appropriate section.  • Manipulation and reception of customer information.  • Applied knowledge of IT systems and services used in the automated acquisition, storage, retrieval of systems  networks.  • Ensures timely distribution of solution to support customer satisfaction.  • Maintains basic knowledge of relevant products and support policies.  • Tracks trouble tickets through resolution and updates problem resolution knowledgebase. IT Tier 1 Help Desk Manager -Veteran Affairs C Watkins & Associates May 2014 to October 2015 • Supervised the IT Tier 1 Help Desk and employees  • Tier 1 troubleshooting on applications and software managed by the client  • Conducts weekly reports for the contract and supplied to the VA as requested by client  • Assist the VA and their clients with the AVM, LSAM, Appraisal System and requirements  • Creates training accounts for the VA's Client to conduct training  • Maintain timesheets every week and any other HR requirements for the position  • Handled escalated issues that involved the Help Desk, Helpdesk Employees and provides  Resolution  • Report directly to the Project Managers  • Provides coverage for Service Desk Phone/e-mail, by answering client requests for Information.  • Creates help desk tracking tickets through Oracle, documenting information into Knowledge-base and escalating to proper personnel and/or department.  • Act as first level of escalation, as required, to address issues.  • Assist in the resolution of customer and support issues by referring issues to appropriate section.  • Ensures timely distribution of solution to support customer satisfaction.  • Maintains basic knowledge of relevant products and support policies.  • Tracks trouble tickets through resolution and updates problem resolution  Knowledgebase. Network Administrator/ Desktop Manager Security Marine Force Reserve Epsilon Inc - Fort Worth, TX May 2012 to October 2012 MARFORRES) HQ  • Setup and configured CISCO 2900 - 6500 series routers, providing support to 180+ sites connected to the MARFORRES classified and unclassified WAN Backbone with approximately 2000 routers.  • Plan, Managed, Configured, and Designed systems with the mission, goals, structure, and processes of the organization as requested by and for the DOD standards.  • Analyzed affecting difficult issues affecting any parts of the networks infrastructure.  • Designed, Planning, Implemented the organization (company) Network to meet the needs of the military to make  operation run more swiftly.  • Troubleshoot with Marines on outages via phone and follow-up on any assigned tasking push from MARFORRES.  • Administrated, delivered, and supported IT systems and services.  • Advised and provided input of improvements on a wide range of different information technology software,  policies, hardware, interpretation, and standards.  • Visit sites for any additional troubleshooting that can't be resolved remotely.  • Manage Cisco switches remotely on 32 sites across the U.S. on RNET Network.  • Update and maintain network diagrams and LTI's.  • Created tickets and troubleshoot outages with Verizon, Base Telco, and Comcast remotely.  • Supported, guided, and assisted co-workers with lesser administrator experience.  • Developed, Administrated Coordinated the installing of systems for the acquisition, storage, and data recovery.  Maintain hardware and software for the systems as required. Any updated configuration for network devices  phones, printer, scanners, faxes, switches, desktop, laptop, and severs.  • Served as Network Administrator Specialist performing work, independently or as a member of a team.  • Planning and coordinating the installation, testing, operation, troubleshooting, and maintenance of hardware and software systems.  • Project lead, responsible for timely and successful completion of assigned projects and tasks  • Configuring routers and switches to deploy and replace Legacy equipment on MARFORRES sites throughout the U.S.  • Updating local share portal. This task consists of centralizing all sites information regarding troubleshooting,  equipment accountability, and site P.O.Cs.  • Insuring all sites IP address schemes are congruent and, if not, contact and coordinate with personnel to make the necessary changes.  • Maintained a positive, professional, and accountable work relationship with the clients/companies and their  entities.  • Populating and maintain MARFORRES monitoring tools (Solar Winds and IPSentry) and addressing any network  issues.  • Interface with Telco numerous times daily; provide circuit information to open tickets with Telco for troubleshooting/testing of all MARFORES sites.  • Assist TOT in creating shipping labels for the Cisco equipment and ensuring devices are sent out in a timely  manner.  • Repaired and extensively troubleshot network, VOIP, computers, printers, switches and severs.  • Managed and configured network devices to provide a high-level of data quality, security, and availabilities to the companies/ client needs and wants. Network Administrator ITT / Exelis June 2008 to November 2011 Network Administrator of Bagram Air Force Base Network Operations Centre Network Administrators office.  Qualified, trained, and certified Cisco Network Administrator to improve the management, monitoring,  performance and growth of the rapidly expanding BAF Network. Responsible for maintaining, the Non-Secure  Internet Protocol network (NIPRNET) and Secure Internet Protocol Network (SIPRNET).  • Served as Network Administrator Specialist performing work, independently or as a member of a team.  • Implemented and managed documentation, new development, modification (configuration), designs, updated,  testing, installation, and support of new, existing, replacing app and/or software.  • Facilitated and administrated local area network (LAN) and wide area network (WAN) on behalf of the 580th /25th  Signal battalion in Afghanistan.  • Planning, installation, configuration, testing, implementation, and management of the systems environment in support of the company requirements.  • Managed systems used for the transmission of information in voice, data, and video formats.  • Delivery of customer support services, including: SOP, installation, configuration, troubleshooting, customer  assistance for over 20,000 end Users.  • Completed training, in response to customer requirements.  • Administrated, delivered, and supported IT systems and services. Desktop Support Technician It Systems June 2006 to July 2008 MICROSOFT OFFICE professional suite (2003, 2007, 2010), popular browsers configurations (Firefox , chrome, and internet explorer).  • Troubleshooting, installation and configuring of Business Skype/Lync/Surface Hub.  • Researching, evaluating, and providing feedback on problematic trends and patterns in customer support  requirements.  • Remote access strategies and technologies.  • Provides Tier 1 and Tier 2 support of medium to high complexity.  • Works in a team setting, sharing information and assisting others with calls.  • Experience with Advanced Driver Configurations and troubleshooting.  • Experience working with windows server 2000, 2003, 2008.  • Subject matter expert between the Service Desk and Network Engineers) Education Associate in Computer Science Cyber Security Austin Community College District - Austin, TX August 2018 to Present Associate of Applied Science in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice Central Texas College December 2011 Skills active Directory (Less than 1 year), CISCO (3 years), LAN (3 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (5 years), MS OFFICE (5 years) Awards Occupational Award 2019-05 currently pursuing my cyber security degree at Austin Community College and Palo Alto Community College Certifications/Licenses Computer Networking May 2019 to Present Occupational Award Additional Information Technical Skills:  Networking Software:  • Cisco Ace 4710 Device Manager A5  • NeTrack (Manages switches/routers) (SSH and Telnet capabilities)  • Riverbed Steel Central Control (River Central Management + Control)  • Cisco Wireless LAN Controller (WLC)  • BlueCat Address Manager (BAM)  • Wide Area Application (Cisco)  • Schneider Electric Configured (APC)    Networking Equipment  • Steelheads • Switches  • Wireless Access Points (AP) • Routers (LTE)  • UPS    Other Software and applications used:  • Service Now Ticketing • System Centre Configuration • Surface Hub  System Manager (SCCM) (Remote • Microsoft: OWA-Outlook  • BCM (Remedy) Access) Office 365  • Putty • Power Term (Mainframe) • Cisco Unity Connection  • Citrix • Quest (active Directory) Administration, Cisco Jabber,  • Adobe Professional • Novell Cisco Unified CM  • Microsoft Office • Cisco WebEx Administration  • Cisco Any Connect (VPN) • Skype Business • Purchase Request/ Orders  • Lync    Additional Skills:  • Attain established customer service standards.  • Customer service.  • Interpersonal skills.  • Good telephone etiquette.  • Organizational and time management experience.  • Strong verbal and written communication skills.  • Problem-solving and extensive technical troubleshooting.  • Ability to establish and maintain a high level of customer trust and confidence.