IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Network Security/Firewall Engineer Indian Land, SC Experienced Network Security professional looking for opportunities that will help me expand my existing skills in network and security systems administration. Driven technology professional who has a broad, deep knowledge of technology and business processes and knows how to find solutions to unanswered questions. Likes to be challenged and embraces new technologies. Punctual and eager to put in the time it takes to get results. Creates solutions through research, asking questions, and learning from others. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Engineer XPO Logistics - Charlotte, NC May 2019 to Present Network Security/Firewall Engineer ECS Federal, LLC - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to May 2019 Responsibilities include:  • Provide network security infrastructure sustainment   • Identify and troubleshoot critical infrastructure, restoring key communications   • Administer and configure Palo Alto and Cisco ASA Firewalls, utilizing CLI interface and Panorama,  • ACL configuration, modification and review on Palo Alto firewalls and Cisco ASA firewalls.   • Implement configuration changes required to ensure business availability on Cisco ASA firewalls, Cisco routers, switches, Juniper SSG/Netscreen ISG VPN devices, and Palo Alto Networks firewalls  • Deploy Palo Alto Network firewalls and Cisco switches..  • Experience with routing protocols such as HSRP, VRRP, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP  • Experience with Cisco VPN technologies  • Experience with Layer 2 technologies such as spanning-tree, port security, vlans, trunks and 802.1x.  • Experience with Syslog, TACACS+, Radius, and SNMP.  • Provide firewall and network support for site deployments and migrations  • Ensure firewall implementations are in accordance with information security policies.  • Splunk log analysis  • Infoblox DNS record management and maintenance   • Managed trouble tickets via Remedy. Network Engineer Epoch Universal, Inc. - Charlotte, NC March 2016 to April 2017 Responsibilities include:  • Proactively monitor all company and client production network devices and servers, and provide initial troubleshooting root cause analysis for outages.  • Directly responsible for monitoring customer location uptime, provide immediate support to address voice and network quality issues.   • Communicate with systems and engineering department as well external carriers to resolve and prevent all network traffic issues.  • Responsible for the configuration, management, and administration of both Kaseya Traverse and Solarwinds N-able network monitoring platforms.   • Provide 1st and 2nd level support to resolve complex, technical network outage issues as to provide resolution.   • Conduct ongoing systems and network maintenance, collect and update client network documentation. Update Visio network diagrams as needed.  • Ensure all configuration backups are performed on a basis.  • Responsible for the initial configuration of Cisco switches and routers for initial deployment and implementation of client projects.  • Help improve networks by gathering information and designing solutions to increase productively.  • Automate tasks in network devices such as Syslog, SNMP, IP SLA, and SPAN to help improve performance in client networks.   • Develops, documents and implements technical documentation and operational/ security policies and procedures and service guidelines relating client network monitoring support.  • Responsible for overseeing network operations technical procedures and processes.  • Assist engineering support 3rd party vendors both during scheduled maintenance, routine deployment and outages.  • Provide technical guidance to less senior Managed Services engineers.   • Provide client support and troubleshooting for all customers’ Cisco routers and switches, Network Operations Engineer TradeKing Group, Inc. - Charlotte, NC August 2015 to January 2016 Data Center Network Analyst WINDSTREAM HOSTED SOLUTIONS - Charlotte, NC July 2014 to August 2015 Education ReachIT Infrastucture Support Specialist Certificate in Network Infrastructure Support CENTRAL PIEDMONT COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2014 Bachelor's in Business Administration GARDNER-WEBB UNIVERSITY - Boiling Springs, NC May 2005 Skills Networking (5 years), Network Management (5 years), Network Administration (5 years), Switches (5 years), Routers (5 years), Network Security (4 years), Palo Alto Firewalls Configuration and Administration (3 years), Cisco ASA Configuration and Adminstration (3 years), Palo Alto, Cisco, Juniper, Cyber Security, Siem, security, VPN, firewalls, LAN, MPLS, DNS Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/richard-griffey/24/8b2/815/ Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E3 June 1991 to April 1994 Commendations: Honor Graduate - Basic Military Training Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ ce February 2014 to January 2021 Verification Code: SKEC996DQLQQST55 CompTIA Network+ ce October 2014 to January 2021 Verification code: TDW00PFB8GF1QJ5Y CompTIA Security+ ce January 2015 to January 2021 Verification Code: QNC5S82LXKV12E2X CompTIA Cloud Essentials April 2015 to Present Verification Code: Code: 7CQ6JY4MCD11CHCB Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) - Routing and Switching March 2017 to March 2020 Systems Security Certified Practitioner - SSCP October 2017 to October 2020 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) May 2018 to May 2021 Groups Carolina IT Professionals Group May 2014 to Present Additional Information • Enterprise Network/ Security Monitoring via Netcool, Solarwinds Orion and N-able, CA Spectrum, and Kaseya Traverse  • Cisco device configuration including, HSRP, Spanning-Tree, OSPF, EIGRP, eBGP, IPSEC Site to Site VPNs, GRE/DMVPN tunnels   • Juniper ISG/SSG support and maintenance.  • Cisco ASA and Palo Alto firewall configuration, maintenance and security policy troubleshooting via CLI and GUI.  • Cisco Adaptive Security Device Manager and Palo Alto Panorama configuration management.  • Knowledge of network security compliance standards – NIST, SOX, PCI, HIPAA, and DOD Information Security Standards (STIGS).  • Cisco Meraki Security Appliance and Switch configuration and management  • Splunk   • Manage change tickets via BMC Remedy, ConnectWise, and ServiceDesk   • Cisco Switch and Router IOS configuration – Cisco Catalyst 2960, 3750, 4500X switches, Cisco ISR 2800,3800,3900, and 4000 series and Cisco ASR 1000 series  • Wireshark analysis  • Manage change tickets via BMC Remedy, ConnectWise, ServiceDesk, and EM7-ScienceLogic   • OSPF and EIGRP routing protocol configuration.   • Perform network troubleshooting and root cause analysis of network and system events in accordance with network operations incident management guidelines  • Knowledge of network security compliance standards – NIST, SOX, PCI, HIPAA  • Basic Linux and Windows command line skills