NOC Analyst NOC <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst Washington, DC Passionate cyber security professional improving networks security. Steer development of reducing the cost for networks using elasticity to scale up or down on resources available. Adept in providing secure cloud-based services in Amazon (AWS) and Google (GCP) experienced work in Elastic load balancer to support the application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, and IP address. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience NOC Analyst Icomera - Bethesda, MD June 2019 to Present • Working knowledge of Network Architecture (TCP/IP,WiFi).  • In depth knowledge of Linux fundamentals, file systems and networking.  • Responsibility for a proactive monitoring and fault finding on network equipment on all customers fleets. IT Support Specialist I Children’s Guild - Prince George's County, MD March 2019 to July 2019 *Plan, implement, upgrade or monitor security policies for the entire network.  *Manage trouble tickets using the client designated corporate ticketing system.  *Proven experience providing end user support for any technical issues involving the hardware, software, network, or telecommunications systems incurred by the program's internal and/or outside customers, via telephone.  *Provide input to design requirements associated with continued installation, integration, and testing of the smartphone information systems. Cyber Security Intern TranZed Alliance - Baltimore, MD December 2018 to July 2019 • Design firewalls, monitor use of the data and filter access control list to the network.  • Stay up-to-date on current practices used to combat malware, viruses and DDOS attacks.  • Ensure appropriate security commands on electrical devices on the network infrastructure. Labor Mangament Division Architect of the Capitol - Washington, DC September 2017 to December 2018 • Collects and sorts recyclable material, including aluminum cans, plastic and glass bottles, newspaper, and paper, from various locations within the buildings. Relines recycle containers with plastic bags.  • Places recycled material in appropriate locations as determined by management. Collects all wet waste material from various locations within buildings and relines all wet waste containers and disposes of all wet waste materials.  • Coordinate supply management of resources used in day to day operations.  • Management of logistic routes on day to day operations due to personal issues. Logistic Associate Fedex Stadium Center / Centerplace - Washington, DC June 2016 to November 2016 • Support shipping and receiving functions, establishing where products are placed at each level and ensuring accuracy of shipments.  • Ensure the maintenance of logistics supplies, reordering as needed to maintain supply and inventory of items. Medical Helpdesk Assistant Mt. Washington Pediatric Hospital - Cheverly, MD June 2012 to September 2013 Originally designed, and presented a play therapy protocol for the Dept. of Psychology  • Organized and filed medical records  • Analyzed the collected data using commercial statistical tools  • Answer phones arranged hospital to hospital transfers  • Introduced to the major transportation issues that businesses face Education Master's in Cyber Policy & Management University of Maryland-University College - Largo, MD October 2018 to March 2019 Bachelor of Science in Business Management Hampton University - Hampton, VA May 2015 High school or equivalent in Dipolma Archbishop Carroll - Washington, DC 2006 to 2010 Skills Logistics Management (3 years), Comptia A+ (Less than 1 year), Troubleshooting (1 year), AWS Cloud, Domain, DDOS, Ipconfig, MSCONFIG, Windows 7, Windows 8, Active Directory, Comptia, Linux, Tech Support, Service Desk, Helpdesk Support, Help Desk, Desktop Support, MAC Certifications/Licenses SANS Cyber Security Bootcamp Style June 2018 to Present * Develop effective security metrics that provide a focused playbook that IT can implement, auditors can validate, and executives can understand.    * To analyze and assess the risk to your environment in order to drive the creation of a security roadmap that focuses on the right areas of security.    * Practical tips and tricks to focus in on high-priority security problems within your organization and on doing the right things that will lead to security solutions that work.    * Why some organizations are winning and some are losing when it comes to security and, most importantly, how to be on the winning side.    * The core areas of security and how to create a security program that is anchored on PREVENT-DETECT-RESPOND.    * Learn to build a security roadmap that can scale today and into the future. AWS Cloud Practitioner Essential:Cloud Concepts August 2018 to Present CompTIA Network+ CompTIA A+ A valid IT Specialist certification