Global Security Operations Analyst Global <span class="hl">Security</span> Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Global Security Operations Analyst - Gavin De Becker & Associates Riverside, CA Work Experience Global Security Operations Analyst Gavin De Becker & Associates - San Francisco, CA February 2018 to Present ·     Leverage technology, reporting, and investigative skills to respond to requests, initiate, and resolve cases.  ·     Provide risk analysis assessments to clients traveling domestically and internationally.   ·     Provide case documentation by gathering, organizing, and preparing intelligence and evidence (Internal System)  ·     Perform key access control functions, to include updating employee access levels, configuring access levels, and running access control reports.  ·     Utilize closed circuit television for situational awareness, threat management, and investigative purposes.  ·     Follow procedures accordingly as it relates to best practices, directives, and standard operating procedures.  ·     Demonstrated working knowledge in incident response, Crisis Management, Business Continuity, Emergency Response.  ·      Security System Software (CCTV/LENEL) Professional - Monitored a fortune 500 company with over 35,000 employees and 60 sites worldwide  ·     Use internal and external systems (internet, news-feeds, and other data sources), to monitor risks that could have an adverse impact to organizational assets, facilities, and personnel.  ·     Create Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) to ensure that agents have documents to reference policies and procedures  ·     Work in sync with IT-NOC and SECTECH troubleshooting security CCTV systems for over 60 sites worldwide.  ·     Create reports using crime mapping software on San Francisco crime statistics  ·     Demonstrated proficiency using mapping software (Google Maps, Google Earth, Bing Maps), Microsoft Office, SharePoint, Access, One Note, access control systems (Software House/C-Cure), and various CCTV platforms.  ·     Collect, analyze, and share intelligence to support corporate investigations.  • Understanding of basic networking concepts (IP addresses, MAC addresses).  • Holds Permit in Exposed Firearms, Guard Registration and Certified in CPR, AED, First Aid, Basic Life Support  • Experience in a 24/7 security operations center – flexible work hours IT Support CSUEB - Hayward, CA January 2017 to July 2017 -Performed Initial diagnosis of incident, escalation of incidents, recovery and resolution of incidents.  -Maintained Active Directory Resources including Home Directories, File Permissions, External/Internal Shares.  -Coordinated, scheduled and deployed monthly security patches using VeraLab.  -Provided technical assistance to customers on routine, follow-ups and achieved 99.9% SLA.  -Experience in troubleshooting Web systems and delivered network access to various desktops on-campus.  -Implemented systems and software upgrades of OS and configuration changes for users.  -Installed all cables, connections and cross-connects to data-center from the Library’s MSR.  -Worked in sync with NOC and configured and troubleshoot issues related to hardware and software of laptops and desktops.  -Involved in ghosting the computer systems and restoring using Symantec Ghost software.  Code Enforcement Ride Along Code Enforcement Volunteer – Claremont, CA  RideAlong                                                                                                                                                  July 2019  ·      Accompanied Code Enforcement Officers on their patrol and observed actions and responses to range of calls and or situations.   ·      Gained understanding of code enforcement processes which included verifying violations, course of action, and re-inspections.   ·      Learned how to input data into HDL Code Enforcement Software and create and maintain cases  ·      Proficient understanding of code enforcement operations and the different departments role in code enforcement  ·      Learned how to find property owners and their contact information through city software Education Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice California State University, East Bay - Hayward, CA August 2013 to December 2017 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nolan-frank-849027126 Certifications/Licenses PC 832 July 2019 to July 2022 Laws of Arrest and Seizure Additional Information Code Enforcement Ride-Along