Software/QA Tester Software/QA Tester Active Top Secret Clearance Reston, VA Self-motivated and team oriented technical consultant with diverse operational experience in both IT development and business intelligence analysis. Several years of experience creating customized solutions to address specific customer requirements, improve overall productivity, and dramatically increase efficiency. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software/QA Tester CGI Federal - Reston, VA October 2018 to Present • Reviewed project requirements to develop detailed test plans that included task scheduling, resource assignment, and test scripts.  • Assisted in managing work assignments across multiple work streams to provide accurate client deliverables.  • If defects were identified during testing, they were acted upon by following the correct procedures by notifying the correct work stream and having them remediate the problem.  • Tested Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software to ensure proper security policies are active, as well as research and test potential defects with internal systems software. Business Objects/Crystal Reports Developer CGI Federal - Reston, VA September 2017 to Present • Communicate with the client and conduct requirement analysis where the level of effort and QA/Testing is established. Per client requirements, the team design and develops customized reports using SAP BO 4.1 tools such as Web Intelligence and Universe Designer.  • Plan and implement automated bursting of reports via publication services and scheduling in order to increase efficiency and improve the performance of the report.  • Good understanding of user security in SAP BO to implement proper user access control across multiple government agencies.  • Tuned and enhanced universes with SQL queries for the report performance. Technical Analyst CGI Federal - Fairfax, VA January 2016 to September 2017 • Coordinated with all business and IT partners, analyzed all client business requirements, and provide resolutions for all business and IT associated issues.  • Monitored and maintained the condition of the development environments.  • Monitored and troubleshoot automated end-to-end business processes in production operations, including batch jobs, reports, data exchanges, and interfaces  • Worked through issues either by debugged their SQL, java, and C++ code to find root technical problems until a resolution was discovered or through consulting s SME to provide the client with a possible workaround until a solution could be found.  • In some cases, I led team initiatives to resolve larger client issues, which stopped business processes and require a larger amount of attention from multiple technical analysts. This involved getting a detailed report of the issue from the client, assembling the pertinent team members, and analyzing the problem to determine the cause then how to approach the fix.  • Languages used to work on issues include Java, C++, structured Query Language (SQL), JavaScript, and Jira Query Language (JQL). Cyber Security Engineer Internship CGI Federal - Fairfax, VA June 2016 to August 2016 • Used Linux CentOS Virtual Machines (VMs) to,  ? Install Deep Security scripts onto multiple Linux VMs.  ? Tested installation and configurations of Splunk.  ? Supported implementation of Deep Security into Amazon EC2.  • Executed scans and created policies using Tenable Nessus. IT Helpdesk Analyst George Washington MFA - Washington, DC November 2015 to June 2016 Systems Business Analyst Internship Concept Plus LLC - Fairfax, VA June 2015 to July 2015 Education Bachelor of Science in Applied Information Technology in Information Security George Mason University December 2016 Skills MYSQL, SQL, SHAREPOINT, C++, PHP, Java, QA