MRI, IT Support Intern MRI, <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Intern MRI, IT Support Intern - GfK Jamaica, NY Work Experience MRI, IT Support Intern GfK - New York, NY May 2019 to Present Serve on company's migration team, assisting relocation of employees during company downsizing; utilize ServiceNow  ticketing system to document incident and resolution information; assist with creating and modifying computer images.  • Facilitate onboarding orientation for new employees via Skype; assemble computer workstations for new employees;  remedy employee computer hardware/software issues utilizing background knowledge. Resident Assistant Residential Life at UAlbany - Albany, NY January 2017 to May 2019 Oversaw 40 residents and maintained order by enforcing university policies, while remaining on call for 1,000+ residents;  assisted with administrative tasks, including check-in/checkout procedures and student housing registration.  • Created and developed community programs for residents; developed organizational and public speaking skills to present  hall programs and meetings. ITS Help Desk at UAlbany, Consultant Blackboard Learn, Microsoft Outlook, and Office - Albany, NY April 2016 to May 2019 Trained 30 employees, providing them with information and resources to perform tasks for supporting users; resolved  issues related to Wi-Fi access, Blackboard Learn, Microsoft Outlook, and Office 365.  • Utilized ticketing system, BMC FootPrints, to keep track of each customer actions taken per ticket; conducted yearly  interviews and effectively participate in the hiring of new employees. Security Analyst Intern Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center - New York, NY May 2018 to August 2018 • Performed independent research on recent, security vulnerabilities and formulated a plan to describe methods in which to mitigate vulnerabilities; launched awareness campaign on phishing vulnerabilities for hospital employees.  • Aided in identifying threats and responding to incidents company-wide using Splunk; maintained the Center updated on security vulnerabilities, threats, and industry best practices. Intern Consultant The New Teacher Project - Brooklyn, NY June 2016 to August 2016 ·        Provide Help Desk support on an as-needed basis while entering and maintaining up-to-date status information on Help Desk tickets and updating the knowledge base. Support channels include phone, chat, online ticket system and email.  ·        Troubleshoot and resolve staff issues in a timely manner including password issues, the use of software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, printer support and FAQ resources on the Internet/Intranet to aid in problem resolution.  ·        Assist in creation and/or modification of computer images. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Digital Forensics University at Albany - SUNY - Albany, NY May 2019 Skills Encase, Ftk, Wireshark, Database, Database design, SQL, Exchange, Security Additional Information SKILLS  AccessData FTK Imager, Encase Forensic Imager • Database Design: SQL Workbench • Wireshark • Cellebrite  Podio • Microsoft Teams • VMWare Horizon • Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel  Windows XP/7/8/10, iOS, Android OS • Chess Tournament Winner