Information Systems Security Officer Information Systems <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer Information Systems Security Officer - Curtiss Wright Indianola, PA Work Experience Information Systems Security Officer Curtiss Wright April 2019 to Present Perform audits of logged events with Solarwinds LEM Reports for Windows machines and Graylog for Linux machines  ? Coordinate import/export of media involving sensitive data  ? Conduct various vulnerability scans on Nessus, modify asset lists to ensure correct range for scans, and send reports of vulnerabilities to IT Teams for awareness and enforcement of  resolution  ? Worked with IT Teams to put together IT Asset Inventory list  ? Update network system security plans and policies by referencing NIST SP 800 series IT Security Analyst III PPG Industries August 2018 to April 2019 Investigate potential phishing emails by analyzing email headers and suspicious links using open  source tools VirusTotal and Hybrid Analysis  ? Assist in web application vulnerability scanning with the Burp Suite Scanner tool  ? Lead process change for granting local administrator access to strengthen defense in depth  ? Execute and analyze performance tests for the Identity and Access Management software  Sailpoint  ? Write Powershell scripts for the implementation of Sailpoint software IT Security Services Contractor PPG Industries June 2017 to August 2018 Administer various forms of access via Active Directory and Exchange Management Console  ? Create and manage Active Directory user accounts for North and South America, Asia, and Australia  ? Inspect Sharefile account requests based on risk to PPG  ? Regulate file permissions for all of North America and Australia Researcher Cyber Research Environment (CyREN) Laboratory September 2016 to April 2017 Member of both the Data Analytics and Penetration Testing divisions  ? Analyzed data using the ELK stack  ? Conducted research and development for Cybersecurity Ontology  ? Investigated Virtual Machine Introspection Education Bachelor of Science in Information Science in Networks and Security University of Pittsburgh April 2017 Skills Active Directory, Exchange Management Console Powershell, Java, C Sailpoint Nessus, Solarwinds, Graylog, Splunk, Burp Suite Oracle VM VirtualBox Windows/Linux Strong verbal and written communication skills Works well independently Demonstrates critical and analytical thinking (2 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ December 2018 to December 2021