Quality Auditor Quality Auditor Quality Auditor - Primex Plastics Pompton Lakes, NJ Mechanical Engineering Position Work Experience Quality Auditor Primex Plastics - Garfield, NJ April 2019 to Present Conduct daily audits on multiple production lines  ? Develop quality testing procedures and generate analytics to create tolerances for certain product specifications  ? Assist with customer complaints and root cause analysis Mechanical Senior Design Assistive Device for Family with Handicapped Son Group - Hoboken, NJ August 2017 to May 2018 Designed an assistive device that would help a user lift and lower an individual into and out of a bathtub  ? Modeled and tested a prototype model through simulations by using SolidWorks  ? Built a prototype and a testing structure in order to simulate product in use  ? Winner of the IDEAS award, which increased our project budget Supplier Performance Manager BP Lubricants USA Inc - Wayne, NJ August 2016 to January 2017 Wayne, NJ 8/16-1/17  Mechanical Engineering Co-op: Logistics Procurement Co-op  ? Standardized KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) for units of Castrol oil and Scorecards across South America and Mexico  ? Updated the SPM (Supplier Performance Manager) program and presented findings and recommendations to senior leadership  ? Executed an audit at a BP Lubricants Plant in collaboration with the DACA BP team  ? Analyzed supplier criteria and created a grading system for contract bids for delivery routes  ? Tracked contracts for expiration and maintained a contract repository system  ? Updated and created SOPs for new Co-ops in order to facilitate the transition process between hires Planning and Logistics Analyst Colgate-Palmolive - Morristown, NJ January 2016 to May 2016 Lead a material harmonization project to minimize the amount of fragrances on the company's portfolio  ? Planned and executed cost saving initiatives that saved the company 25k annually by conducting a battery analysis on forklifts  ? Facilitated monthly meetings with upper management to track obsolete material and devise a plan to minimize scrap material  ? Managed and planned packaging material scheduled deliveries and transitions of new material using SAP  ? Created an automated warehouse map to provide warehouse capacity statistics, increasing the efficiency of warehouse  operations IT Helpdesk Technician Macmillan Publishers - New York, NY June 2015 to August 2015 Reimaged new hire laptops and computers  ? Managed a networking update project by coordination schedules with floor managers in order to facilitate the installation of new  printing systems IT Security Analyst Electrical Engineering Co-op - New York, NY August 2014 to January 2015 Organized monthly reconciliation extracts with vendors to confirm users and capabilities  ? Produced monthly user activity reports to verify user capabilities and ensure secure access to private files  ? Monitored user activity abnormalities in order to verify clients privacy was not compromised    Available to work: August 2019 Education B.E. in Mechanical Engineering in Manufacturing Stevens Institute of Technology - Hoboken, NJ Skills LABVIEW, SOLIDWORKS, MATLAB, CREO, MINITAB, Quality Control, Quality Assurance, Auditing, CAD