IT Support Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Technician IT Support Technician - SNAP INC North Hollywood, CA Work Experience IT Support Technician SNAP INC - Los Angeles, CA August 2018 to Present IT support technician with Snap's "Tech Lounge" team.  • Manage devices using JAMF and AirWatch  • Utilizes Jira ticketing system to create and manage tickets concerning to technical issues and request.  • Provides IT support in mixed Mac and Windows environment  • Google Admin/Okta Admin for provisioning/de-provisioning employees  • 100% 5-star feedback from Snap's customer survey tool  • Managed documentation for team's knowledge through Confluence. Graphic Designer DA Views June 2017 to Present • Takes on a variety of roles including logo design, visual design, product design, print design, package design, metadata design and other tasks relating to design as needed.  • Creating marketing material, social marketing media, and web content.  • Takes product shots and editing photos for print (catalog, banners, posters, marketing media, web, and all social media).  • Ensure revisions are done completely and accurately.  • Tracks emails to ensure that the deadlines are meet.  • Proof-reads to make sure all packaging has correct information included. Service Management Analyst DEUTSCHE BANK - Jacksonville, FL August 2017 to August 2018 Provide tier 2 application support and relationship management.  • Continual Service Improvement Activities  • Use of ServiceNow application to create and manage high priority incident tickets, work with members of the team and developers to resolve incidents, ensuring that affected users and management are always kept informed.  • Managing the estate of Windows and UNIX application and database servers, with emphasis on using and refining Geneos monitoring to proactively maintain stability.  • Executing and maintaining file loading from the bank's venders.  • Follows up with vendors and partners throughout the day via e-mails to ensure that the deadlines are kept.  • Write SQL queries to extract and patch data in Sybase and Oracle databases.  • Designed website to manage company's knowledge books and information critical to success. St. John's County Schools May 2017 to July 2017 Completed an ongoing project with a team of IT technicians to install and configure network management cards, distribute UPS's and access points into 15 schools across the St. Johns County School District. NETWORK SECURITY INTERN JACKSON HEALTH SYSTEMS DIVISION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Miami, FL August 2016 to May 2017 Completed classes and online training for Cerner; the electronic health record system for hospitals, health care providers, and clinics.    • Provisioned as well as de-provisioned the hospitals employee's access for the hospitals program's by entering, transcribing, storing, and maintaining data.  • Enter and manage service tickets.  • Assisted clinical security team with designing the database and UML diagrams to show the relationships between the hospitals rooms and patients.  • Collaborate with others to resolve information technology issues. Technical Assistant II BARRY UNIVERSITY, DIVISION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Miami, FL August 2015 to May 2017 • Secure wipe hard drives, re-image computers, and install software on PC's, laptops, tablets, and smartphones.  • Troubleshoots Mac and Windows software and hardware as well additional pc refresh activities.  • Repair and replace hardware such as circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and other computer hardware and software issues.  • Encrypt computers with Windows BitLocker.  • Update and maintain departments' equipment inventory.  • Spyware and virus removal and/or hard drive cleaning.  • Assist walk-ins, answer phones to provide technical support and troubleshoot issues for Windows and Mac end users via phone, email, and service desk walk-ups.  • Manage and distribute service tickets in TeamDynamix for efficient customer service.  • Provisioned as well as de-provisioned the faculty and students' access; creating new users, lock/unlock accounts, and resetting passwords within Active Directory.  • Monitored the full and incremental data backups. Presented to network design and implantation to CIO Health Insurance Company Network Design April 2016 to April 2016 April 1, 2016 - April 21, 2016  • Presented a network design proposal for a health insurance company the only met the firm's request but was scalable, robust, and secure. Our team was provided with the total number of 150 hosts needed at each company location, and the IP networks available.  • In the proposal we gathered and listed all the hardware needed and their prices.  • Gathered all software programs and prices including operating system, user applications, and utilities.  • For the network design we completed the sub-netting and assigning of the IP addresses.  Presented to network design and implantation to CIO Education Bachelor's in Computer Science, Barry University - North Miami, FL August 2013 to May 2017 Skills Database analysis, Database, Oracle, Sql, Software engineering, Computer programming, Javascript, Node.js, Python, Scripting, Visio, Css, Dreamweaver, Web design, Active directory, Vpn, Linux, Shell scripting, Unix, HTML 5, ReactJS, CSS3, Illustrator, Creative Suite (2 years), JIRA, Confluence, React, Front End, Front-End, UI, Ajax, Web Design Additional Information SKILLS  Knowledge of the following:    Microsoft Windows • Mac OS X • Unix • Linux • Python • SQL • Javascript • React • Webpack • DOM • AJAX•  Node.js •HTML5 • CSS • Confluence • JIRA • Cinema4d • Blender • Lens Studio • Sculptris • Microsoft Office Suite • Visio • Visual Paradigm • Adobe Creative Suite • Dreamweaver • Adobe Draw • Procreate • Illustrator • Photoshop • Lightroom • Indesign • Premiere Pro • After Effects • Animate • Oracle • Active Directory • Shell Scripting • VPN • Internet Protocol Suite •     COURSEWORK    Computer Programming  Software Engineering  Biometrics  3D Model & Print  Web Design  Graphic Design Foundations  Computer Animation  Web Animation  Multimedia Systems  Data and Telecommunications  Database Analysis/Logic Design  Ethics and Technology  Computer Security  Java Programming for Web  Introduction to Computer Systems    LINKS    LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/daquan-ayres-b04b76112  Portfolio: https://daviewsllc.wixsite.com/daviews