IT Risk Security Compliance Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Risk <span class="hl">Security</span> Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Dallas, TX An IT professional with over 10 years of combined experience in Infrastructure support and IT Security. highly-motivated, customer-oriented, problem-solver with excellent written and oral communication skills and time management. Experienced in solving complex problems involving a wide variety of information security systems. I thrive under pressure in fast-paced environments. I am a driven information technology security risk professional and IT security/technical support background. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Risk Security Compliance Analyst FedEx Freight December 2018 to Present client) December 2018 - Present    • Conducted gap analysis between application capability and business requirements  • Communicated effectively with all levels of management to ensure full IT objectives, risk and controls  • Participated in new system development and implementation by reviewing projects document, conducting interviews and work completed, ensure development effort were following organization policies, standard, procedures and controls are adequately incorporated into the system.  • Reviewing approval and authorization process for requesting new user IDS provisioning and job-related role changes.  • Reviewing change management documentation, policies, controls and recommendation necessary changes to review processes.  • Reviewing the key IT controls, Segregation of Duties (SOD) in system component (application database) considered in scope to ensure compliance with SOX  • Perform Audit review to test controls around the users activities and/or login/logout attempts.  • Assessed Applications Control, Logical and Physical Access Control to ensure effectiveness of Identification, Authentication and Authorization to system component.  • Determined root cause of identified issues during assessment of ITGCs to evaluate risks impact  • Conducted Annual SOX 404 compliance audit and tracked audit exceptions to remediate closure. Security Compliance Analyst TNC TECHNOLOGIES LLC January 2015 to Present • Testing and reporting of compliance levels and adherence to policies, standards and regulatory requirements.  • Investigates security requirements and assist IT and business partners to understand and implement such requirements.  • Communicate with IT administrators, developers and support teams to help improve the Company's security posture  • Coordinated quarterly penetration testing with various vendors such as McAfee, to hardening servers with stakeholders,  • Analyzed incident response, foreign threats, firewall attempts, DoS attack,  • Responsible for identifying and escalating vulnerability assessment and Penetration testing results.  • Perform peer reviews of Security Assessment Reports.  • Perform threat modelling of the applications to identify the threats.  • OWASP Top 10 Issues identifications like SQLite, CSRF, XSS  • Assess vendor service operations as part of risk management of security and privacy controls  • Review and analyze Standardized Information Gathering (SIG) questionnaire  • Recognize existing and emerging information security threats and vulnerabilities  • Marklogic Local database administration using custom gradle tasks(mlDeploy, MILoad Modules), refresh data, develop locally by loading transforms and modifying to meet specifications.  • Troubleshoot ingest services, export services, Fd930 services.  • Created Admin tool using Rest end point creation for closing and integration of existing algorithms.  • Identified data corruption nd auto close admin shell script(corrected data using Corbs(XQuery))  • Document findings and suggested remediation through risk summary reports.  • Provide threat analysis report from data on the IDS, Firewalls and various network hosts.  • Incident response to various security tickets that the SIEM alerts on in our service management platforms.  • Performed the role of a SOC analyst for some time during a transitional change management.  • Assist our legal team with reviews of security standards in contracts and date processing agreements. senior management for immediate resolution Allied Tech, Inc November 2016 to December 2018 PCI -DSS Compliance (client) November 2016 - Dec 2018    • Review of end to end processing, transmission and storage of credit card information in adherence to PCI DSS standards;  • Ensure the customer's privacy is maintained at all times by protecting the PAN information in the custody of the Organization, as well as conduct privacy compliance reviews;  • Ensure all PCI compliance element exceptions are brought to the attention of senior management for immediate resolution;  • Conducts detailed review of all 12 PCI DSS control elements covering wired and wireless Networks, Security policies and procedures,  • Firewall, Access Controls, Security Awareness Programs, Vulnerability analysis, Penetration testing and SOD among others;  • Through data analysis and interview with information technology and business units, identified all PCI/PII related applications and systems that processes, transmits and stores credit/ debit card and PII information;  • Through data gathering and analysis, conduct a re-validation of the organization's compliance level as defined by the credit card issuing organization guidelines (VISA, Master card etc.).    Transworld Global Incident Management (client) September 2015 - August 2016  • Responsible for creating or processing all Requests and Incident Managements considering the defined SLA guidelines.  • Collaborated with IT in design and implementation of Business Continuity Plan (BCP) and collect, analyse and preserve the evidence related to incidents.  • Participated in the design of Business Impact Analysis (BIA)  • Review systems and application strengths and weaknesses as well as recommended the appropriate compensatory controls to mitigate against any potential risk  • Managed IT risk-based audits to review ITGC, Change management, Access control, Batch Processing, and IT Operations Problem management, Data backup and recovery.  • Represent the tower in daily operations and the Weekly aging meetings and represent the tower on the bridge during high severity incidents.  • Quality checks of all the processed requests to ensure all the RMs are closer with 0% error rate and responsible for training new hires and delivering knowledge base for all the account based applications.  • Performed project reviews, data analysis and continuous risk assessment for organizations  • Coordinate with Account Management and ISM to assist them with their queries and issues related to security threats.  • Conducted Global Data Privacy review, Data Center Reviews, Pre and Post Application Implementation Reviews, IT infrastructure and application control review  • Participated in Audits requiring technical IT skills for evaluating network application compliance with Corporate Security Policy Agile Scrum Product Owner (client) Oamen Studios January 2018 to November 2018 • Product Owner with responsibility over product vision, roadmap, development, and delivery  • Using scrum methodology, I managed product backlogs and grooming  • Work closely with Web and mobile strategist to discuss the short-term and long-term goals for the web and mobile apps  • Manage roadmap and project execution across separate platform  • Lead a team of over 6 members with different capacities that include: technical service developers, front end developers, quality assurance and overall user experience, in an agile environment  • Identified and corrected bugs associated with faulty XML data due to algorithm modifications.    • Create user stories for delivery of feature requirements and design    Manage product backlog and prioritization of features to ensure the most value is delivered quickly  • Conduct backlog grooming sessions to ensure team understands scope and desired deliverables for the iteration  • Lead the development of the future-state online technology strategy. Partnered with customers, marketing, engineering and sales teams to understand evolving online technology needs in media and entertainment. Education Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering Ladoke Akintola University Of Technology 2008 Skills Cobit, Hipaa, Itil, Qualys, Sox Military Service Branch: United States Navy Service Country: United States Rank: Petty Officer Second Officer February 2014 to Present Individual Ready Reserve Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master May 2019 Additional Information Skills  Vulnerability SIEM, BURP XSS, SPLUNK, QUALYS, OWASP  Platforms/Databases Window, Unix, Oracle, MS SQL  ERP Application SAP, PeopleSoft  Methodology SDLC, Agile  Frameworks SOX, COBIT, ITIL, HIPAA, COSO, SOC  Audit Tools MS Excel, ACL, MS Access, MS Visio, SharePoint  Service Management Tools ServiceNow, Remedy, APM, Track It  Issue Tracking and Project Management Tools Rally, JIRA, Service Now, Share point  Wireframe and Mock-Up Tools Balsamic, Lucid Chart  GRC Compliance/Third Party Risk Managmt Tools RSA Archer, Service now.