Lead digital investigations involving policy violations, corporate espionage, data exfiltration Lead digital investigations involving policy violations, corporate espionage, data exfiltration Computer Forensics and Cyber Threat Intel Practicioner with astounding private sector experience. Jamaica, NY Work Experience Lead digital investigations involving policy violations, corporate espionage, data exfiltration Ernst and Young - New York, NY May 2016 to Present New York, NY May 2016- Present  Assurance Services, Forensic Technology and Discovery Services  ? Lead digital investigations involving policy violations, corporate espionage, data exfiltration, malware incidents and intellectual property thefts.  ? Process acquired evidence in support of litigations and legal reviews to hiring client counsels, client leadership and internal counsel.  ? Carry out large-scale projects involving e-discovery, forensics, threat Intel analysis and data analytics in support of client internal investigation.  ? Correlate indicators of compromise from digital investigations and incident response investigations to threat actors, campaigns and APT groups.  ? Produce analytical reports for internal and client senior leadership on findings from digital investigations and threat intelligence analysis.  ? Proactively strengthen client security posture in the form of robust threat analytical indicators, cyber threat profiling, and table top cyber readiness  assessments.  ? Liaison with various Ernst and Young practice groups and client internal teams to perform in depth analysis on cyber security incidents, threats, and vulnerabilities. Cyber Security Fusion Center, SIRT Investigator, Threat Intel Analyst Citigroup - Township of Warren, NJ March 2015 to May 2016 Performed cyber investigations, including malware analysis, network artifact analysis, and digital forensic analysis.  ? Produced analytical briefings/presentations for senior leadership and operational personnel on a variety of derived threats and intelligence  reporting.  ? Liaison with a broad network of teams to perform in depth analysis and investigations on cyber security threats and vulnerabilities  ? Applied research and forensic techniques to collect, organize, synthesize, and summarize data from multiple sources in order to provide actionable  information to decision makers.  ? Evaluated network events and documented impact on current system operations.  ? Developed cyber threat profiles and analyzed open source information to attribute activity to threat actors.  ? Performed digital fingerprinting to determine foreign adversary/actor behind malware/spear phish, and correlated the data back with the  Intelligence community. Family Room Specialist Apple Inc - New York, NY May 2014 to February 2015 Coordinated with multiple teams ad hoc to deliver the best customer experiences in the most efficient and timely manner.  ? Administered training to both clients and team members on various devices, software applications, operating systems and services.  ? Creatively approached problems to repair products and implement technical solutions in fast-pace and real-time environments. I.T. Specialist Intern Goodwill Industry B2W Program - Jamaica, NY May 2013 to January 2014 Performed routine maintenance, software and hardware updates, network integration and data security, and troubleshooting of databases, modems,  printers, and telephones  ? Assisted IT director in managing daily operations of all information technology systems.  ? Installed local area networks for classroom infrastructures and provided support for local data access. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Pace University - Seidenberg School of CSIS - New York, NY December 2015 Associates of Science in Network Administration & Security ASA College - School of Network Administration & Security - New York, NY September 2013 Skills BASH (Less than 1 year), ENCASE (Less than 1 year), FTK (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), PYTHON (Less than 1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows • Unix • OSX,  Languages: HTML • Python • Bash • Batch • Powershell • SQL  Specialized Software: FTK • Encase • Volatility • Wireshark • SIFT • Blacklight • Splunk