Cloud Operations Analyst / Developer Cloud Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span> / Developer Cloud Operations Analyst / Developer - Caterpillar Normal, IL Motivated IT professional with experience as both a Cloud Operations Analyst / Developer and a Security  Analyst. Comes with proficient knowledge of Microsoft Azure, AWS, GCP. Proven ability to troubleshoot and  problem solve issues, as well as quickly learn new software and tools. Known for determination and desire to  continuously enhance skill set. Organized and optimizes time-management skills to follow-through and  complete tasks on time. Work Experience Cloud Operations Analyst / Developer Caterpillar - East Peoria, IL September 2018 to Present Cloud operations lead for the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.  ? Created and developed an automated solution for Windows and Linux server patching.  ? Created and developed automation script for Windows and Linux server post-provisioning.  ? Created a POC environment and Initiated onboarding of Windows Virtual Desktop for enterprise wide  adoption.  ? Created documentation of internal processes and procedures of Azure functions.  ? Deployed IasS and PaaS resources in Azure DevOps using a CI/CD pipeline.  ? Work in an Agile team utilizing SCRUM. Security Analyst Country Financial - Bloomington, IL April 2018 to August 2018 Assisted implementation of SalesForce CRM, which was used to simplify and automate normal  processes.  ? Provisioned account access in IBM Mainframe.  ? Audited SQL databases for compliance. IT Support Analyst Advanced Technology Services - Peoria, IL November 2017 to April 2018 Supported enterprise software migration deployments for applications and mobile  devices.  ? Reviewed and applied formatted internal knowledge articles using HTML  ? Provide application and hardware support for Caterpillar Inc. Technical Assistant Hearst Magazines - Ann Arbor, MI November 2015 to November 2017 Performed instrument testing on vehicle infotainment systems testing latency, input  response time, and app usability.  ? Edited content published in Car and Driver's website to ensure technical accuracy.  ? Conduct vehicle performance tests with specialized VBOX equipment to measure raw data through precise procedures and overlaying additional variables to capture accurate results.  ? Responsible for coordinating cost-effective logistics for press events, road tests and vehicle  comparisons as well as shipping logistics, security and safe-handling of press fleets valued upwards of  $500,000.  ? Managed a cloud-based database overviewing data entry input and technical accuracy.  ? Maintained editorial press fleet, logging scheduled vehicle arrival and departure dates. Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems in Relevant Coursework Heartland Community College - Springfield, IL May 2019 Microsoft Certified University of Illinois April 2019 Skills LINUX, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, DOCKER, Git, JSON, Azure, AWS