IT SECURITY DATA & AWARENESS ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">SECURITY</span> DATA &amp; AWARENESS <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> IT SECURITY DATA & AWARENESS ANALYST - United Airlines Napervillle I am a creative, driven and detail-oriented individual who enjoy solving problems through data analysis. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT SECURITY DATA & AWARENESS ANALYST United Airlines - Chicago, IL December 2017 to Present • Design and develop the control and monitoring system to track the health of the IT Security Department.  • Partner with the teams across the IT Security Department to create the Metric Program which is evolving to be the driving force to tell our Cyber Security story.  • Utilize business intuition and ability, to use the analytical tools and methods in gaining the insights from data.  • Leverage data from variety of sources to analyze business performance, identify areas of opportunity and provide actionable insights.  • Leverage Spotfire to create interactive dashboards.  • Heavy use of advanced Excel and Access for reporting and analysis purposes, using different formulas, functions, power pivot, v lookups, if functions, interactive dashboards etc.  • Actively engaged in creating power point presentations with various infographics and charts/graphs which may convey the findings in the best possible way.  • Manage the monthly phishing campaign by carefully drafting the white phish emails for the employees across the enterprise and create awareness of cyber-attacks through it by providing the on the spot training templates.  • Develop the white phishing assessment reports on monthly and quarterly basis to identify areas for additional training needs.  • Involved in creating training material and presentations for the cyber security awareness programs. BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYST United Airlines - Chicago, IL August 2017 to December 2017 • Drove the process of keeping workstations complaint with Java Upgrades of United Airlines.  • Reviewed, analyzed and evaluated business systems and user needs using advance Excel and Access creating graphs, charts, reports using pivot tables, v lookups, formulas etc.  • Successfully collaborated with team members. Attained major part of the milestone in 3 months through understanding United airlines processes, infrastructure and compliances.  • Ran queries in MS Access to identify workstations for Java upgrade. DATA ANALYST McDonald's Corp - Oak Brook, IL August 2013 to February 2015 • Created and designed daily, weekly and monthly reports leveraging the MS Office products.  • Performed data analysis using statistical concepts and advance functions of excel such as (pivot tables, v lookups, formulas etc) for the teams.  • Established understanding around the business and designed metrics to show their progress.  • Created interactive and dynamic dashboards/graphs for the management. Skills Used: MS Excel, MS Word, Power point, MS Access, Outlook, SharePoint.  • Accomplishments: Gained experience in operational environment with special focus on problem solving, accuracy and productivity analysis. Developed analytic approaches to address client's questions and ensuring our analysis turns into actionable insights. HR DATA ANALYST Abis Technologies - Schaumburg, IL September 2012 to December 2013 • Performed revenue analysis and show trends and insights for better revenue forecast.  • Involved in creating reports to monitor consultant's jobs, visa change dates and expiring contracts.  • Created reports on productivity, quality trends for the project & providing constructive and timely feedbacks.  • Created monthly summary dashboard and reviewed it with management. Education MBA in Marketing Uttar Pradesh Technical University Bachelor's in Science in Biotechnology Rani Durgavati University - Rani, Rajasthan Skills Excel (6 years), Access (4 years), Spotfire (2 years), Reporting (4 years), Data Analysis (4 years), SQL (1 year), Powerpoint (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/bithika-nathan-038b67106 Additional Information SKILLS  Data Analysis, MS Excel, MS Word, Power point, MS Access, Outlook, Illustrator, Spotfire, SQL.