IT Security Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Systems Administrator IT Security Systems Administrator - Alliant Energy Madison, WI Work Experience IT Security Systems Administrator Alliant Energy - Madison, WI October 2017 to Present Operational lead on major project and subject matter expert for multiple applications    • Administrator for CyberArk Privileged Access Management suite  ? Lead for CyberArk vendor management project  ? Performed major and minor upgrades to CyberArk suite and installed new components  • Lead implementer and support for RSA SecurID Access  • Continued to provide guidance and key input on Identity & Access Management project as needed IT Security & Identity Access Analyst I Alliant Energy - Madison, WI March 2016 to Present Operational lead on major project and subject matter expert for multiple applications    • Identity Access Management Project Lead  ? Led Sec Ops team through three successful phases of Oracle Identity Manager implementation - led project meetings, managed and tracked project participants' work, and held both individual and group knowledge shares and training  • Privileged Account Management  ? Lead support for CyberArk  ? Spearheaded creation of CyberArk Development environment  ? Front- and back-end administration of CyberArk corporate and regulatory environments  • Defined, streamlined, optimized, and/or automated new and current procedures and processes  • Shared team responsibilities including customer and application support, and after-hours on-call rotation Consultant - IT Security Operations Smart Solutions - Madison, WI September 2014 to March 2016 • Coordinated and executed cleanup of service, shared, and vendor accounts  • Played key roles in Identity & Access Management project  ? Core contributor during requirements gathering and analysis for Identity Access Management project  • On-Call support  ? Worked with internal and external customers daily: performed troubleshooting, incident and access management  ? Security administration across systems: Active Directory, Oracle Databases, RSA SecurID, UNIX Mainframe, among others Consultant - Data Analysis Coordinator Smart Solutions - Madison, WI June 2014 to September 2014 • Coordination of gathering, organization, and analysis of data for Segment 1 of Identity Access Management project  ? Conducted interviews with technical specialists of application teams, simultaneously entered and organized data using Microsoft Excel  * Required accurate, well organized, and fast entry of data on the fly during interviews  * Relied upon to disseminate and make logical connections with data from various sources and systems Education Madison College June 2015 to Present Skills Problem solving (Less than 1 year), solutions (Less than 1 year), Team Player (Less than 1 year) Additional Information STRENGTHS AND SKILLS  • Leadership  ? Plan, delegate, and manage project tasks for team members and self  ? Disseminate information and facilitate strategic alignment during decision making  • Team Player  ? Able to work in a team environment with individuals of diverse backgrounds and personalities  ? Able to work productively with little to no supervision  • Problem solving  ? Critical and creative thinking to find solutions to difficult problems  ? Level headed and analytical in high-pressure, rapid response situations