Reviewer - IT Networks/Telecommunications Reviewer - <span class="hl">IT</span> Networks/Telecommunications Reviewer - IT NETWORK/telecommunications - Maximus Federal Services Baltimore, MD Work Experience Reviewer - IT Networks/Telecommunications Maximus Federal Services November 2018 to Present WINDSOR MILL, Maryland  • Customer Support: Offer first line customer support, addressing basic customer issues; general inquiries, non-technical questions, password recovery, website navigation assistance, how-to procedural questions.  • Technical Assistance: Provide support for incoming issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware. Respond to queries in person, over the phone or email.  • Provide networking/desktop support and perform mainframe and account-maintenance tasks.  • Call Center: Experience in a call center environment, receiving 10-15 call a day.  • Video Conferencing: Setting up video conferences for employees using video conferencing software. Mainly WebEX.  • Data Entry: Knowledge of database software, spreadsheets, and word processing Residential Rehabilitation Assistant Mosaic Community Services - Lutherville-Timonium, MD July 2015 to July 2019 • Case Management: As a Residential Rehab Assistant (RRA) at Mosaic Community Services, I assess, intervene, and plan evaluation of clients' needs based on their behaviors. This helps to provide a safe and therapeutic environment for them to live.  • Advocate: Ensure that all client needs are met and helped them to figure out goals and work towards achieving those goals that they have set. Help Desk Support Intern Baltimore City - Baltimore, MD July 2018 to December 2018 • Technical Support: Provided technical assistance to 68 recreation sites throughout Baltimore. Contact included conversations over the phone, through email and in person visits to ensure that their facilities were up and running efficiently.  • Troubleshooting: Performed remote and onsite troubleshooting of devices: mobile (IOS and Android), cash registers, network devices, desktops and laptops. Performed system upgrades on Windows OS scans. Troubleshoot system related issues.  • Installation/Imaging and Deployment: Imaged and deployed laptops/desktops for employee use.  • Configuration: Installed new equipment onsite at recreation centers. Installed software, and updates on devices. Maintained and supported desktops, laptops, tablets, printers, and peripheral devices.  • Assess: Assess, organize and document inventory. Managed relocation of equipment. Updated and maintained records for hardware.  • Consultation: Consult with users to discuss hardware and software needs, assess existing hardware and software, and survey sites where hardware and software will be located. Cyber Security Analyst Intern Milvets systems technology, Inc May 2018 to December 2018 Baltimore County, Maryland  • Security Tools: Wireshark, John the Ripper, OpenVas, ZAP, Nmap, scripting in Bash and Python, Active Directory  • Risk Assessment: Incorporated the NIST Standards Publication 800.37 and FIPS-199 as the guide to applying the risk management framework to the information system and guide the development of the security plan and assess the security controls in mitigating vulnerabilities according to the federal standards.  • Pen Testing: Scanning networks for vulnerabilities using Wireshark, OpenVas, and developing reports for analyzation. Retrieved user credentials using John the Ripper tool to perform Social Engineering attacks.  • Vulnerability Assessments: Developed vulnerability assessment reports to explain the evidence of the Penetration Testing to targeted IP networks. Developed Business Continuity to effectively continue business operations after breaches. Developed Disaster Recovery Plan to effectively continue using systems and replacing devices after unintentional disaster attacks. Utilized real world risk analysis, incident response, disaster recovery, breaches, and business continuity.  • Patching: kept computers, servers and image patches current. Customer Service Associate Walgreens - Baltimore, MD February 2014 to June 2016 Sales: As a Customer Service Associate at Walgreens, I was able to increase sales by marketing new products to customers. Assessing customer needs and finding an adequate solution to their problem by making informed suggestions. Education Bachelor's in Information Science UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND, College Park - Baltimore, MD January 2015 to Present High School Diploma WOODLAWN HIGH SCHOOL - Baltimore, MD Skills Nmap, Wireshark, Html, Javascript, Python, Microsoft Office, Imaging, Deployment Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/martrea-marshall-8b43878a Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ April 2019 CompTIA Network+ In Progress CompTIA Security+ In Progress Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Security Tools: WireShark, OpenVAS, Zenmap/Nmap, John the Ripper, Command Line/Terminal, ZAP Windows OS, Linux  Languages: JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, Python, Bash Scripting  Development Tools: Bracket, Atom, Komodo, Webstorm, Pycharm, Anaconda Navigation: Jupyter Notebook, Spider  Software:  Microsoft Applications: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Outlook, Office 365  Accounting Software: QuickBooks  Other: Cisco WebEX, Zoom, Go To Meeting, and Adobe Connect