IT Deployment Technician, RiteHire Advisory <span class="hl">IT</span> Deployment Technician, RiteHire Advisory IT Deployment Technician, RiteHire Advisory Cary, NC Experienced Information Technology professional seeking to contribute in a technical support and/or service desk role. Works well independently or in a group setting providing all facets of computer support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. Skilled in providing customer and end-user service desk support. Excellent communication and presentation capabilities. High motivated individually looking to continue learning and growing with in the field. Work Experience IT Deployment Technician, RiteHire Advisory Credit Suisse May 2018 to July 2019 • Install, configure, deploy, troubleshoot and maintain client computing and communications hardware, software and associated peripherals.(Shared Network environment/Thin Clients)  • Coordinate, administer and perform installation, configuration, decommission, troubleshooting and maintenance of client devices including desktop/laptop computers, hand held communication devices and printers.  • Assist in the development and enforcement of client environment configuration and deployment procedure, and practices.  • Image end-users machines to Windows 10, back up end-users data and push software.  • Troubleshoot and resolved complicated issues within the client operating system, applications and affiliated software and hardware environment.  • Communicate information to and between the IT Manager and Project Manager. IT Service Desk Analyst(Team Lead) KRG Technologies May 2018 to June 2018 • Assumed the criteria and responsibility of a team leader by creating more production in the Department to grow and exceed all plans, and goals.  • Prepared efficiency reports once per hour to monitor daily production variances.  • Provide second-level support on tickets escalated from the Service Desk staff regarding IT issues  and request including, but not limited to hardware issues, software installation, VPN  Trouble Shooting, and Active Directory.  • Developed and implemented plans to prevent areas of inefficiency.  • Promoted to jobsite team leader based on demonstrated competence and willingness to learn  and lead.  • Run reports, give feedback to agents, meet SLA.  • Utilize Active Directory to create user accounts and assign permissions.  • Proficient with Microsoft Outlook, Skype, Excel, and PowerPoint.  • Perform the triage of incoming incidents to ServiceNow via all approved methods of communication, providing initial assessment and resolution of tier 1 and tier 2 issues incidents.  • Help the Transition process of multiple projects.  • Use Service Now to clearly and precisely document end user issues, troubleshooting actions  taken, steps to reproduce client issues, work performed, and validation of customer  information and resolution of issues.  • Hold team huddles/meetings/conference calls.  • Ensure the team has the training, knowledge and tools required to do their work.  • Publish support documents to the IT knowledgebase.  • Create Schedules & Track Daily Attendance. Senior Customer Service Account Representative Patient Accounts October 2017 to February 2018 Greeted patients with a confident, positive, and compassionate attitude to ensure they  remain satisfied through their interaction on the phone.  • Streamline patient's accounts in addressing member's needs (etc. coding, deductibles).  • Educate customers on their insurance plan guidelines pertaining to their bill statement.  • Analyze and interpret claims, billing, and spreadsheets invoices for reprocessing.  • Collaborate with physicians, physicians' assistants, health insurance representatives and support services in educating patients about their health insurance and health plans.  • Place outbound calls in attempt to collect a debt and/or make adequate payment arrangements for the hospital.  • Follow company compliance regulatory procedures and company guidelines.  • Document corrective measures and provided instructions to ensure prompt resolution.  • Worked together with teammates to incorporate team building activities and meetings; ensuring that we all accomplish our daily, weekly, and monthly goals. Security Console Officer/Site Supervisor Sunstates Security LLC at United Therapeutics/UNC- Chapel Hill Properties February 2017 to September 2017 February 2017-September 2017)  • Coordinated all site activities, including payroll through the campus security office, tracked vehicle mileage for all site security vehicles, and documented officers for corrective action.  • Secured premises and personnel by patrolling property; monitoring surveillance equipment; inspecting buildings, equipment, and access points; permitting entry.  • Responds to alarms, emergency codes, and security related incidents; decides what actions to take based on the situation, facts known, and position limitations.  • Investigate and reports on accidents, incidents, suspicious activities, safety and fire hazards and other security related situations to supervisor for correction or follow-up actions; maintains contact with ODS supervisory team.  • Completes reports by recording observations, information, occurrences, and surveillance activities; interviewing witnesses; obtaining signatures.  • Provide needed assistance to customers, employees, visitors, and/or the client that are in line with the company's procedures.  • Performs periodic checks of emergency call boxes and/or street lights to ensure proper functioning; reports all malfunctioning as required.  • Ensures operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements; following manufacturer's instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs; evaluating new equipment and techniques.  • Maintained inventory of site equipment.  • Supervised, trained, and mentored staff of up to 3 security officers.  • Established and maintained an outstanding working relationship with city law enforcement officers. Security Console Operator AlliedBarton Universal June 2016 to February 2017 • Serve as central security point of contact for Wake Public School System and their outside market vendors.  • Monitor over 200 plus sites with CCTV surveillance systems while simultaneously performing dispatch duties.  • Watch for irregularities, such as security breaches, facility and safety hazards, and emergency situations; contacts emergency responders, such as police, fire, and/or ambulance personnel as required.  • Grant access into the building on a daily basis, maintained incident activity log, and report daily activities to upper management.  • Handled alarm annunciation and reported observation and other indications of intrusion.  • Monitor Fire Panel and medical emergency systems.  • Utilize the designated call strategy to effectively address client issues.  • Written and maintained detailed reports of daily, vendor, and activity.  • Communicate effectively both orally and in writing for public interaction. Help Desk &Migration Analyst/Desktop Support Technician (3rd Shift) (contract) Alphanumeric Systems at Theorem/Chiltern February 2016 to July 2016 • Provide support to all end users with IT support issues with available resources, hardware and software vendors to provide effective solutions, beak/fix and problem resolution.  • Respond to incoming call and tickets, provide direct end user desk-side support, resolve password resets, account lockouts via Active Directory Infrastructure, new hire setup, account modifications, transfers, deletions, etc.  • Troubleshoot migration and various issues with Microsoft 8, Microsoft exchange server 2003/2008/2010, Outlook, and VPN connectivity.  • Document incoming calls and issues via Service Now and Sales Force ticketing system.  • Installed new computers, load appropriate software, printers, installed applications and workstation policies.  • Managed troubleshooting of network & local printing issues.  • Assists with the inventory management of software license, hardware, and other IT equipment.  • Escalate all issues to Level 3 support that could not be resolved on Level 1 &2 support call. Help Desk/ IT Customer Support Agent BC Forward at State of North Carolina (E-Procurement Department) April 2015 to January 2016 • Support statewide purchasing agencies in acquisition of materials and equipment with the guidelines of state statues, policies and procedures for the State of North Carolina by using Ariba Software.  • Provide Level 1 support for suppliers and buyers at the E Procurement Help Desk(ex. Password Resets, Password Unlocks, Account Creation, Account Deletion, Software Installation)  • Interacting with customers/employees to resolve billing-related inquiries as part of an Information Technology application outsourcing service delivery team.  • Used Ariba software to interact with other members of the help desk team and escalates issues, as need.  • Troubleshooting and repairs for all peripheral devices printers, faxes, scanners.  • Make sound decisions prior to award by ensuring pricing, delivery terms and compliance to administrative and clerical support services such as scans, files, and spreadsheets. IT Software Support Specialist AppleOne at Citrix January 2015 to April 2015 • Provide first level incoming software/network issues in a fast-paced environment via phone, email, or chat for ShareFiles, GoToMyPC, and Go To Meeting.  • Assist customers with request supporting products, product training, and troubleshooting, account-services related requests (license management/billing) and requests to cancel.  • Assist with product installation and/or access, remote printing and difficulties with firewalls, audio, and recording technologies.  • Provide instruction on use and application of products; answers questions; issue temporary password; ask questions to determine customer's configuration and needs; make recommendations regarding product selection to current or prospective customers.  • Work on issues that range from answering product questions to providing basic to moderately complex technical support when caller is experiencing difficulty using the product.  • Record details of interactions into the Salesforce.com Case Management System.  • Keeps current with product knowledge regarding features and functionality, as well as billing and current marketing promotions offers. Desktop Support Technician Kelly Services September 2014 to November 2014 • Migration from XP to Windows 7 on all Lenovo desktops and laptops for 1500 clients.  • Securely and efficiently back up client data and perform data restoration onto PC units.  • Resolved and troubleshoot hardware, software, and network issues after Migration.  • Replacement of non-functional hardware components and diagnostic for proper functionality, OS reinstallation and proper setup, software installation, virus removal, troubleshooting computers network connection and proper setup for optimal connectivity.  • Utilizing reimaging software (Symantec Ghost) to PC's and laptops. Administrated Symantec Encryption Software.  • Mobile devices as well (Enterprise Activations). IPhones, IPads, Blackberry support and administration.  • Troubleshooting and repairs for all peripheral devices printers (Network and Local), faxes, scanners.  • Maintained windows operating systems of end users to make sure their operating system is up to date with the latest features.  • Performed fresh installation of operating systems including windows and mac upon request.  • Assisting users Remote and via Phone support as well.  • Adding/Removing end users from Active Directory groups.  • Log & Track all computers issues within Service Now tracking system.  • Researched and handled any client inquiry regardless of experience in the field in question. Help Desk Specialist Career Connection Incorporated at IBM November 2013 to October 2014 AMTRAK (The National Railroad Passenger Corporation)  • Resolved and troubleshoot hardware, software, and network issues escalating from customer support and other departments with 100% success rate.  • Worked in a team environment of approximately 15 Help desk personnel serving a user base consisting of approximately 4000 users nationwide.  • Performed fresh installation of operating systems using windows.  • Administrated users in Active Directory, RSA Secure ID Admin, Symantec Endpoint Software.  • Provide support to end-users in all offices MS Office 2003/2007-Word, Excel, Outlook, Lync, PowerPoint, Internet, and Intranet.  • Utilized Active Directory for user accounts, profiles, and MS Exchange issues. Reset password and unlock password with appropriate approval.  • Citrix Management Console- Reset end-user Citrix sessions and remote access their computer (shadow). Support remote access thru Citrix and Internet.  • Wireless Connection- Supported wireless connection. Lead user through diagnostic procedures to determine source of wireless connection problems. Safety Officer/Escort Driver Universal Protective Services June 2011 to December 2013 3rd Shift) (formerly The Budd Group) at North Carolina State University DH Hill Library (Jun 2011-Dec 2013)  • Cultivated open lines of communication with university staff, faculty, students, and visitors.  • Patrolled a subscribed area, location on an installation to check the status of alarms, barriers, and emergency exits.  • Handled alarm annunciation and reported observation and other indications of intrusion.  • Good telephone skills for telephone usage. Utilize the designated call strategy to effectively address client issues.  • Excellent communication skills- both verbal and written.  • Strong professionalism and business acumen.  • Strong organization skills, accuracy and attention to detail. Strong PC skills.  • Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment. Open Enrollment Benefits Specialist Kelly Services August 2011 to December 2011 • Answered questions regarding benefit eligibility, benefit plans and government regulations related to health benefits in a call center environment.  • Responsible for data entry based on employee paper or online based elections, life status change forms or benefit enrollment forms.  • Researched and correct benefit enrollment issues and/or benefit carrier file discrepancies.  • Processed evidence of insurability reports, billing discrepancy reports, and/or ensure compliance with state specific benefit coverage regulations based on report output.  • Maintained general benefit life event processing and monitor &correct errors accordingly.  • Provided other administrative and data entry support in related departments including, but not limited to Cobra, Leave of Absence, Flexible Spending Account, and Retirement.  • Worked cross-functionally with other colleagues to deliver exceptional customer service and build cohesive interdepartmental relationships. Support Representative Time Warner Cable of North Carolina July 2010 to May 2011 • Troubleshoot subscribers that had technical issues with video, digital phone, and data services utilizing all available diagnostic tools.  • Resolve complex data problems that invoice local network issues, email issues, modem trouble and other company owned equipment and/or software configurations.  • Reviewed tickets for potential system issues to escalate to different group as needed and assist with error trending, analysis and feedback sessions.  • Required to introduce new service or products to subscribers following a specified sales process.  • Read and interpret documents such as operating and maintenance instructions and technical papers related to equipment and/or troubleshooting processes.  • Applied common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions.  • Utilize reasoning and critical thinking skills.  • Met overall key performance indicators in the areas of efficiency and time management. Education B.A. in Public Administration North Carolina Central University - Durham, NC Skills Information Technology, It Specialist, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Excel, Computer Literacy, Microsoft Word, IT Experience, Microsoft Outlook