Network Engineer - Tier 3 Network Engineer - Tier 3 Network Engineer - Tier 3 - Xpect Solutions Arlington, VA Work Experience Network Engineer - Tier 3 Xpect Solutions - Washington, DC October 2018 to Present Troubleshoot LAN/WAN issues occurring across multiple networking enclaves and overlay / underlay topologies, including: MPLS, IS-IS, MP-BGP, named & un-named EIGRP, Phase 2 & 3 DMVPN, VPLS and L2VPN.  ? Engineer new networking solutions, including integration of Layer 2 customers to Layer 3 network and build-out of production MP-BGP CONUS MPLS transport network.  ? Diagnose and resolve complex customer issues with interconnections between datacenter and enterprise services.  ? Project: Utilizing Ansible, automate over 10,000 devices for: configuration, software updates, and ad-hoc changes.  Additional capabilities include dynamic mapping, secure jump box / bastion host, and dynamic reports, vastly increasing  configuration management capabilities and information availability.  ? Project: Redesign, configure, and administer InfoBlox IPAM/DHCP/DNS tool across multiple networking enclaves in addition to the configuration of role-based access (RBAC).  ? Project: As a proof of concept, implement Splunk and refine reporting and filtering ability for network devices / syslog. Senior NOC Engineer Ross Technologies - Hill AFB, UT June 2018 to September 2018 Troubleshot and/or resolved customer circuit issues across a variety of technologies including: MPLS, L3VPN, L2VPN, multi-link, and packet over SONET.  ? Troubleshot issues with protocols such as IS-IS, BGP, PPP, and HDLC.  ? Utilized Cisco routers and switches, Juniper routers, and Palo Alto firewalls to diagnose and fix a variety of issues  including: circuit outages, degraded services, and unreachable destinations on classified and unclassified networks.  ? Troubleshot issues traversing long-haul transport (MSPP, ODXC) and circuits on legacy and current-generation HAIPE  encryptors devices, including Promina and KG- family devices (using GemX software).  ? Trained and aided junior engineers in resolving customer issues as a final resolution point before escalation. Network Administrator / Engineer Criterion Systems July 2017 to May 2018 Utilized Solarwinds to manage and configure network nodes, automate configuration backups, and manage IP  addresses.  ? Implemented, configured, troubleshot, and maintained: Cisco routers, switches, firewalls, access control servers (ACS), HAIPE / KG-175D encryption devices, and Layer 3 (L3) switches on classified and unclassified networks.  ? Created and updated network documentation, including network topology diagrams, network designs, and SOPs.  ? Applied patches / updates to network devices in accordance with security policy and DISA STIGs and coordinate with outside parties or plan ASIs as necessary.  ? Project: Utilized Netmiko and Python to automate network device DISA STIGs, enabling low-touch baselining of network  switches and an improvement in configuration management.  ? Project: Researched and re-designed network distribution and core layers in order to support redundancy and increased  backbone speeds.  ? Project: Implemented 802.1x network authentication with MAB for legacy devices.  ? Project: Researched, evaluated, and planned a network baseline configuration upgrade in order to bring all network  devices into compliance with DISA STIG policy and RMF guidelines.  ? Project: Planned, designed, and implemented network-wide device and connection upgrade, decreasing device upkeep  costs by over $30,000, increasing speeds by 500%, and increasing network security. Service Desk Support Technician Criterion Systems March 2017 to July 2017 Supported NAVSTA GTMO and tenant command personnel on a legacy network, including peripheral installation and configuration, COTS / GOTS issue resolution, and workstation-related issues.  ? Controlled check-in / check-out procedures and paperwork for all personnel accessing NAVSTA network.  ? Utilized TrackIT ticketing software for issue tracking, documentation, and workflow control.  ? Utilized DameWare for remote resolution of issues or information collection for escalation. Help Desk Technician / System & Security Analyst Intecon, LLC - Colorado Springs, CO August 2016 to February 2017 Utilized Remedy to troubleshoot and resolve issues on classified and unclassified networks.  ? Supported Air Force exercises, relocations, and real-world events.  ? Remediated security vulnerabilities occurring on classified and unclassified networks.  ? Configured or set up customer peripherals, including MFPs, KVMs, and workstations.  ? Project: Researched, tested, and baselined transition from Windows 7 to Windows 10, including potential software and website compatibility issues and testing potential group policy issues. IT Specialist P3S Corporation - Bethesda, MD August 2015 to August 2016 Served as Senior Help Desk supporting 130 on-premises and remote users.  ? Managed VPN procedures (tracking, deployment, training) and administrative coordination with the network parent site.  ? Served as Inventory Manager, responsible for the tracking, organization, and receipt of over $500,000 of stored assets  and supplies, including device lifecycle / recycling responsibilities.  ? Utilized Active Directory, GoverLAN, and Powershell to manage information base, remote issue resolution, and to create  scripts and perform administrative duties as needed. Technology Specialist George Washington Academic Technologies - Washington, DC January 2011 to August 2015 Supported over 180 analog and digital classrooms across campus.  ? Trained University staff in classroom technology operation.  ? Resolved Tier 2 and 3 audio / visual issues.  ? Provided events with audio and visual solutions, ranging from camera-controlled VTC to general audio. Education B.A. in Int'l Affairs The George Washington University Elliott School 2014 Skills Cisco, MPLS, VPN, Security Certifications/Licenses CCENT CCNA CCNA Security CCNA Routing and Switching CCNP A+ Certified Network+ Security+ JNCIA