Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - RCR Technology Corp Indianapolis, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst RCR Technology Corp May 2016 to Present Performed vulnerability assessments and penetration testing of various internal and external applications for State of Indiana (FSSA)  ? Performed pen testing and discovered security vulnerabilities in various web applications and web services using manual testing and automated tools including hands on experience using Kali Linux  ? Identifying the risk level (critical, High, Medium, Low) and prioritizing vulnerabilities found in web applications based on OWASP Top 10, SANS 25  ? Providing remediation to the developers based on the issues identified and ensured applications were secured from latest vulnerabilities and work closely with admin team to collect various logs as a part of auditing  ? Responsible to keep the portals secure by testing against the OWASP top 10 and assuring the compliance of each application against OWASP testing framework using Burp Suite, OWASP ZAP, Postman Interceptor and various browser add-ons  ? Integrated security into all SDLC phases.  ? Worked around micro services performing security testing  ? Audit logging the Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibanna (ELK Stack), ApacheDS, Docker to meet the regulatory compliance and security standards of the organization  ? Perform Information Security audits on various internal portals of State of Indiana (FSSA)  ? Scripting in Python to automate the tasks to retrieve data  ? Used tools like NMAP, Nessus, google dorks, Flag fox, Dir Buster, and Live HTTP Header to gather more information of the application and perform security assessment  ? Asses and analyze the vulnerabilities on the data base side like SQL Injection, Blind MongoDB, NoSQL Injection and on the back end like Java Script Denial of Service attacks  ? Perform threat hunting activities, implement preventative controls in response to new threat intelligence that are received, and assist in the resolution of various security incidents that may arise  ? Use SOAP UI to execute testing cases for secure back end validations on different applications of the state  ? Directly work with CISO of state in handling security requirements and reports Member of Security June 2018 to June 2018 community trainings as a part of this. (Violent Python, Securing Web Application Practices)  ? Leading member of Board of Employee Activity Committee at RCR Technology Corp. and had been successfully organizing social activities across different teams Technology Support Center Consultant IUPUI October 2014 to May 2016 Maintained IT infrastructure in technology services department and responsible for office computers and printers.  ? Troubleshooting computers, applying patches and maintaining up-to-date virus definitions in anti-viruses.  ? System administration, familiar with Active directory Security Operations Center Analyst Intern IUPUI May 2015 to August 2015 Participated in internal and process audits to ensure internal Networks, Systems and Applications are in compliance with security related regulatory requirements.  ? Trained in CIRT (Computer Incident Response Team) process.  ? Participated in numerous computer incident investigations.  ? Member of investigation team of FBI for an incident in 2015  ? Implemented automated security monitoring processes with basic scripts in Python.  ? Worked on real-time detection and reaction services of incidents of information security under process audit.  ? Parsing and Analyzing the Website Data using CIF - Implemented automated scripts for crawling the web data and analyzed data for finding fixed patterns. Created parsers and analyzed different web data using CIF IT Security Analyst Intern Vizag Steel Plant June 2012 to January 2013 Explanation of the security requirements to the design team in initial stages of SDLC to minimize the efforts to rework on issues identified during penetration tests.  ? Perform threat modeling of the applications to identify the threats.  ? Identify issues in the web applications in various categories like Cryptography, Exception Management, client-server side attacks.  ? Trained in basics of different stages of pen testing  Miscellaneous Education Master of Science in Computer and Information Science in Computer and Information Science Purdue School of Engineering May 2016 Skills DNS, PYTHON, IDS, SSL, TCP, testing, security, powerpoint, access Additional Information Operating Systems Windows 7/8.1/10, Linux (Ubuntu, Kali Linux, Parrot OS)  Programming Java, Python  Protocols and Other tools TCP/IP, DNS, SSL, Alert Logic IDS, Postman Interceptor, Virtual Box