Application Development Specialist Application Development Specialist Application Development Specialist Baton Rouge, LA Work Experience Application Development Specialist International Business Machines - Baton Rouge, LA June 2019 to August 2019 • Worked on a Sitecore architect project as a developer architect- ix integration.  • I oversaw and developed integration between two platforms into one. Part-Time Teacher - Continuing Education Department City University of New York- York College - Jamaica, NY March 2019 to May 2019 Teach High School Students Introduction to computer Science  • Teach Students Introductory Level Computer Science courses and assign them projects. Intern- Cyber Securities Strategy and Awareness United Airlines- Corporate Support Center - Chicago, IL June 2018 to August 2018 Intern Opportunity with United Airlines IT Security department for college student at Headquarters in Chicago at Willis Tower.  • Designing Training decks for security and deploying them company wide.  • Analyzing security reports and data, using that data picking locations to train employees for cyber securities  • Develop cyber security training related games and design other technical materials for awareness and training. Coding Specialist / Teacher New York Edge - Astoria, NY March 2018 to May 2018 Teach Students for computer Science and Math  • Teach 4th and 5th Grades who are interested in Computer Science and Math Intern- IT Programming Analyst/ Developer United Airlines- Corporate Support Center - Chicago, IL June 2017 to August 2017 Intern Opportunity with United Airlines IT department for college student at Headquarters in Chicago at Willis Tower.  • Developing the united.com website source code and analyzing the defects.  • Application Development on Ecommerce team and working on certain projects. Explorer Sergeant 112th Precinct - Forest Hills, NY June 2013 to 2016 Volunteer program within an organization structured to assist people interested to pursue a career in Law Enforcement  • Overseeing the Explorer Program Successfully Leading a team of 16 members through day to day operation. Education Bachelor's in computer science in computer science City University of New York at York College - Jamaica, NY May 2019