Sr. IT Infrastructure Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Infrastructure Analyst - HM Health Solutions Bridgeville, PA Work Experience Sr. IT Infrastructure Analyst HM Health Solutions - Pittsburgh, PA 2016 to Present Senior member of team that implements, manages and supports software and processes for:    • Monitoring enterprise systems to detect anomalies and report on them  • IT Service Management used by the IT department, while leveraging ITIL best practices  ? Working with key stakeholders on design and workflow changes    Solo and group based project work, some as lead    • Integrating infrastructure monitoring software with enterprise ITSM software for automated ticketing  • Integrating discovery software with enterprise ITSM software for automated CMDB population    Maintaining strong vendor relationships, ensuring license compliance and contributing to budget reduction efforts when possible.    Developing high level technical documentation and communications for all audiences. Manager, Clinical Infrastructure, End User Mobility and IT Procurement Allegheny Health Network - Pittsburgh, PA 2015 to 2016 Manage contracts for service vendors responsible for supporting electrical and HVAC data center equipment. Liaison to parent company data center in Harrisburg, PA.    • Coordinating deliveries, installations and configurations of new equipment, and troubleshooting of any issues.  • Playing key role in the migration of data center from Pittsburgh to Harrisburg.  • Coordinated refurbishing data center at Allegheny General Hospital.    Manage 3 End User Mobility staff members responsible for purchasing, account management, distribution and support of Apple iPhones and iPads.    • Over 2500 active lines through Verizon.  • Managing policies applied to all mobile devices using MaaS360, after completing migration from Mobile Iron.    Manage 1 IT Procurement staff member responsible for assisting the entire organization with any IT purchasing needs.    • Responsible for decisions regarding new hardware choices.  • Working relationship with HP and Lenovo account managers  • Provide technical feedback for non-standard requests.    Cherwell administrator, responsible for managing the ITSM system used by over 400 people daily. Manager, Network Operations Center Allegheny Health Network 2011 to 2015 Manage 24 staff members operating a 24 x 7 environment that supports more than 10,000 users and more than 300 unique applications. Oversee staff that assists in the purchase, staging and release for deployment for IT networked devices. Administer 2 independent budgets totaling more than $400,000. Provide 2nd and 3rd level support during periods of high Help Desk demand.    • Implemented Cherwell IT Management Software, including the development and customization of modules to fit organization-specific needs and SLAs.  • Managed the consolidation of 2 departments and personnel into current NOC configuration which reduced ticket escalation to other areas of IT by 20%.  • Renegotiated vendor contracts for an annual cost savings of $130,000.  • Monitor employee performance and perform annual staff evaluations and reviews.  • Assisted in coordinated effort to reduce primary data center footprint by 40% and reduced the number of physical servers by 20%.  • Oversaw the purchase, delivery, installation and cutover to new 100kVA Liebert UPS at secondary data center.  • Evaluated multiple network inventory systems, selected preferred solution, installed system and create custom network inventory reports on demand.  • Managing support of devices used by employees, affiliated organizations and patients.  • Maintained 95% employee retention during corporate acquisition. Senior Security Systems Administrator West Penn Allegheny Health System 2009 to 2011 Oversaw Active Directory reorganization and assisted in maintaining Windows 2003/2008 Server Active Directory including DNS, DHCP and Group Policy. Developed group policies and procedures to lock down systems and improve security. Managed Windows-based McAfee Endpoint Encryption system to achieve HIPAA compliance across 1,200 networked devices. Implemented best-practice idle time lockout policy and password protected screensaver standards for the user base.    • Installed and maintained Sophos Anti-Spam appliances, Bluecoat Web Filtering system and Linux-based Kazeon e-Discovery utility.  • Provided 2nd level support to Help Desk, Desktop Support and other IT departments.  • Assisted with VMware pilot and eventual deployment of ESXi servers managed by vCenter. Education Bachelor of Science in System Integration and Application The Pennsylvania State University 2006 Skills Cherwell Service Management Administration (5 years), Solarwinds Orion Administration (7 years), Management (5 years) Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundations 2015 to Present Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yzt9udt5zgpxj-xs Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/yyd1zvyg2ocj14rw Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pdfq40nrvjnopwr6 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.