IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director Denver, CO Self-starter with a focus on growth-oriented strategies. Possess enthusiasm mastering and fully utilizing emergent technologies; readily incorporate new solutions into broad base of technical expertise. Motivational leader with talent for mentoring managers and technicians to deliver optimal performance. Recognized for coordinating highly productive and well-organized teams across functions. Strong business sense grounded in hands-on experience and ability to make data-driven decisions. Adept at developing and recognizing successful innovations. Consistently deliver solutions that exceed expectations. Fluent in English and Spanish. Conversant in Cantonese. Work Experience IT Director CORHIO 2015 to Present Security Officer 2014 to Present Colorado Regional Health Information Organization 2013 to Present CORHIO facilitates health information exchange for clients across Colorado. Service Desk Director 2014 to 2015 Service Desk Manager 2013 to 2014 Service Desk Technical Lead 2013 to 2013 * Develop strategies and direct execution of IT infrastructure processes across the organization.  * Devise and oversee technical projects that accomplish organizational goals.  * Mentor and supervise seven technicians across two teams.  * Direct day-to-day operations of support staff. Identify, isolate and resolve support-related issues. Implement immediate resolutions to critical problems.  * Interface with internal and external to understand problems and articulate effective solutions.  * Cultivate and guide relationships with software vendors and third-party service providers.  * Install, support, and maintain servers.  * Develop and maintain appropriate security measures and mechanisms to guard against unauthorized access to electronically stored and transmitted e-phi data. Protect against reasonably anticipated threats and hazards.  * Develop and maintain the selection testing, deployment, and maintenance of security hardware and software products as well as outsourced arrangements.  * Collaborate with internal and external professionals across disciplines to investigate, evaluate, track, resolve and report suspected violations of policies and procedures. Technical Support Analyst Astor and Sanders 2010 to 2013 Backup Team Lead & Queue Manager  * Designed, implemented, and administrated Knowledge Centered Support fundamentals within the client's Service Desk.  * Administrated Remedy SRM and ITSM console functions.  * Developed, tested, and implemented custom Remedy Service Request Design.  * Supervised and mentored Service Desk Technical Support Analysts.  * Managed ticket queue to ensure requests were correctly prioritized, assigned, escalated and resolved.  * Designed, implemented and administered training materials and programs for service desk technicians.  * Provided in-depth technical and desktop support on Windows, Apple, Android, Blackberry, telephony, network connectivity and accounts, VOIP and other technology.  * Diagnosed technical issues including hardware/software issues, PC/browser/email/personal webpage, firewalls, routers, and hub problems. Guided customers in correct use and repair of software tools.  Additional Experience:  * IT Manager Brahma Holdings; Led enterprise-wide conversion from multiple legacy anti-virus programs to a central effective solution.  * Senior Support Administrator Sunrise Medical; Designed solution that provides round-the-clock support to executive teams via a centralized point of contact that improves productivity and efficiency. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering University of Southern California Skills Security