IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Arizona Game & Fish Department Glendale, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Arizona Game & Fish Department - Phoenix, AZ August 2018 to Present • I update and patch desktop's and laptop's.  • Work directly with KB installation, important, recommended, and optional updates.  • Install and update JAVA, .NET framework updates, security updates, Visual Studio and ADOBE. I use C$, RDP. And remote access software.    Service Desk Technician 11/15/2017to11/01/2018    Milestone Technologies  • Ticket creation using Jira. Working with technologies such as Zendesk, Brain Tree, Lucid Chart.  • Deprovisioning of employees. Researching issues and figuring out the resolves.  • Customer service is the main function within this job.  • Troubleshooting networks, Windows 10, Macbook Sierra/High Sierra.  • Working with Google docs, spreadsheets as well as Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point. Help Desk Manager Certified Languages International October 2016 to August 2017 • Provide security for the network, install servers into server room, connect technicians offsite into switches via kvm and/or laptop.  • Use of specific technologies such as LogMeIn, Macrium, SpiceWorks, KillDisk, Trend Micro, Malwarebytes. I also have a extensible knowledge of various anti-virus and utility technologies such as sysinternals and ninite, Microsoft Office and Outlook.  • Image/Backup hard drives using Macrium, Ghost, via dock.  • Troubleshoot BlueScreen and unexpected shutdowns.  • Troubleshoot slow startups, log in errors, peripherals, monitors.  • Prep workstations to be joined to domain.  • Troubleshoot Windows 7 PRO OS.  • Connect phones and computers to switch technologies via server room.  • Label and organize all cables in server room.  • Familiar with CMD Prompt commands such as ping and trace route. Support Specialist All Covered July 2016 to August 2016 IT services from Konica Minolta  • Imaged hard drives, laptop, tiny-in-one modules, Surface pro, using Ghost software  • Asset tagged items in depot and recorded using bar-coder and excel  • Hard ware repair on lap-tops, and desktops including optical drivers and motherboard replacement.  • Installed Windows 7 onto desktop/laptop, installed updates from Windows store as well as HP, Dell, and Intel, installed various antivirus programs, installed adobe such as flash player, Reader, Air, and Flash player. Installed .NET framework, Microsoft Silverlight, connected computers to domain.  • Used ticketing system (remedy) to record work progress and completion. Also for time management.  • Minimal experience with Microsoft Server 2016, Bomgar, and Kaseya. Premier Support Technician Asurion - Phoenix, AZ May 2016 to May 2016 • This position I work with clients on a daily basis providing customer service in atechnical related field.  • My responsibilities include either guiding the customer to resolution or remotelyusing tools such LogMeIn.  • The technically related issues include but are not limited to, backing up data tovarious cloud technologies, factory resetting mobile devices, troubleshooting mobile apps, network routers, WI-FI and cellular network adapters, Bluetooth related issues, sms/messaging, multimedia messaging, hot-spots, tethering, phone activation, issuesrelated to phone numbers porting between carriers, media retrieval, mobile OS/mobileapplication updates, application installs, malfunctioning phone chargers/batteries, screen tearing/bleeding/non responsive, sim cards, and providing a generaleducation to customer upon request about device functionality.  • I have worked with various mobile operating systems such as OS, Android, &Windows.The devices include but are not limited to Samsung Note and S series, MotorolaDroid, Droid II and Turbo series, Apple 5, 6, 6S, and Nokia. Family Care Connections - Glendale, AZ January 2015 to January 2015 • Hardware and software consultation for computers and network.  • Installed all hardware and software on desktops, lap top, printers, and end devices.  • Set printers to specific computers users).  • Troubleshoot network TCP/IP connectivity issues.  • Set up router with appropriate security settings.  • Installed Wi-Fi plus cat 5e Ethernet cable lines.  • Installed projector for training sessions on lap top.  • Update all drivers for printers, operating systems, Microsoft Office, anti-virusprograms IOBIT, MALWAREBYTES, McAfee, NORTON, and Citrix, plus, all webbased browsers including Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, and Firefox.  • Provide phone support for browser issues, network (Ethernet/Wi-Fi) connectivityissues, and printer issues.  • Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventativemaintenance and upgrades.  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving theintegrity and security of data, reports and access.  • Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.  • Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and datasharing.  • Recommended network security standards to management. Orange Planet Promotionals - Tempe, AZ January 2012 to January 2015 • Network topology, operating system installs plus routing consultation.  • Ran Cat 5e Ethernet lines.  • Install Wi-Fi.  • Consultation plus troubleshooting for TCP/IP, DHCP, NAT, PCI Compliance, NetworkingIssues, plus all end devices (printers + desktop/lap top).  • Designed and implemented peer to peer architecture topology.  • Set up Windows 7 computer to perform as a file server.  • Provide phone support for browser issues, network (Ethernet/Wi-Fi) connectivityissues, and printer issues.  • Worked with client getting the PCI compliance for credit card transactions.This involved going into the router and setting up the correct ports so there systemcould communicate with the server. Education Bachelor's in Philosophy Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ 2017 Skills ROUTER (3 years), Drivers (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (1 year), PRINTERS (3 years), Itil, Active Directory, Help Desk, Asset Management, Technical Support, Windows, Customer Service, Windows 7, Networking Additional Information SKILLS:    Software: Windows OS systems 7, 8.0, 8.1, and 10, Apple Sierra/High Sierra, Microsoft Office, Office 365; Anti-Virus, Anti-Spyware, Anti Malware; web browser installations: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera + home page alterations, required, recommended, and optional updates for Windows, java and adobe acrobat, flash, air, shockwave; and co-processor chipsets.    Hardware: motherboards, processors, heatsinks, fans, video cards, optical drives, hard disc drives, power supplies, serial, sata, pata, berg, molex, HDMI, firewire, cat 5 cabling, projectors and printers.    Troubleshooting: blue screens, drivers, web browsers, network connectivity, network adapters resets, RJ-45 cabling, video cards, RAM, router resets, fan speed, default printer, email scans to client address, device manager, safe mode restarts, ipconfig, netshwinsock resets, clear cache on DNS, web browser, and system cleans, monitors, defective cabling, audio, and internet radio.