Automatic Vehicle Information (AVI) System Dispatch Analyst Automatic Vehicle Information (AVI) System Dispatch <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Fayetteville, GA Offering a strong academic background in IT combined with excellent internship experience as an IT Tech and Cyber Security Analyst. As well as recent workforce experience as a Network Engineer.    Quickly learn and master new technology; proficient in both individual and team settings; knowledgeable in a range of computer languages and systems.     Self-starter and able to adapt to day-to-day changes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Automatic Vehicle Information (AVI) System Dispatch Analyst Front Row Parking (Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport) - Atlanta, GA May 2019 to Present • Serve the Airport, the commercial vehicle operators such as taxi companies, limousines, and shuttle buses, and the traveling public.   • Track and monitor all commercial vehicle ingress and egress, ensuring effective revenue collection using the Automatic Vehicle Information (AVI) system.  • Dispatch necessary commercial vehicle from lots to the curbside based on the needs of the customers.   • Receive, prioritize, and resolve any dispatching issues for all commercial vehicle drivers.   • Work in fast-pace environment while completing multiple tasks.  • Keep record in database of commercial vehicle trips and whereabouts at all times.  Supervisor ABM Aviation - ATL (Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport) - Atlanta, GA March 2019 to May 2019 • Set goals for performance and deadlines in ways that comply with company’s plan and vision and communicate them to employees.  • Organize workflow and ensure that employees understand their duties and/or delegated tasks.  • Monitor employee productivity and provide constructive feedback and coaching.  • Receive complaints and resolve problems.  • Maintain timekeeping and personnel records.  • Ensure a great customer-service mentality is always given. Network Engineer Jetaire Aerospace Group - Tyrone, GA August 2018 to December 2018 • Create network and email accounts for new users.  • Set up desktops, laptops, phones, fax machines and printers for new users as needed.  • Assist with the inventory management of software licenses, software, hardware, and other IT supplies.  • Assist with basic troubleshooting, backup and archiving.   • Help install and improve computer software and network equipment.  • Assist in administration and maintenance of internal systems programs as well as operating systems used.  • Interact with internal users to resolve basic help desk issues in a timely manner.  • Answer all trouble calls/emails and enter work orders into tacking software. Front-End Supervisor Kroger - Atlanta, GA August 2017 to August 2018 • Provide unforgettable customer service and oversee all front-of-store activities.  • Ensure compliance to company procedures and policies through proper handling of all transactions and corresponding documentation (i.e. refunds, check approval, employee discounts, price overrides and any other transactions requiring supervisory involvement.)  • Training and supervision of all Sales Associates and Secondary Front End Supervisors.  • Protection of company assets.  • Establish and maintain a professional environment, ensuring the best possible experience for customers and sales associates. Cyber Security Analyst Intern Albany State University - Albany, GA August 2016 to May 2017 • Learned to identify malware and intrusion issues.  • Examined alerts from various security monitoring tools.  • Learned to identify potential risks, such as virus and malware attacks, and hacking.  • Monitored identity and access management, in addition to monitoring for abuse of permissions. Courier FedEx Express - Atlanta, GA October 2015 to August 2016 • Responsible for picking up and delivering packages to homes and businesses on daily route.  • Operate route effectively to ensure scheduled pick-ups and deliveries are completed as intended, and manage time well.  • Maintain good rapport with customers on route.  • Be able to answer any questions about package shipping methods that are encountered. IT Technician Intern Albany State University - Albany, GA August 2012 to August 2015 • Assist IT Support Team with logging of Help Desk calls relating to computer hardware, software and configuration issues.  • Deploying PC’s, diagnosing/solving hardware/software issues over the phone and at user’s desk.  • Assist with application training and support, problem analysis and troubleshooting.  • Be able to work individually or with the team and multi-task.  • Help users with resetting their account password.  • Configuring laptops for new employees and students.  Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Albany State University - Albany, GA August 2011 to May 2017 Skills Computer Repair, Network Support, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Information Technology, Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, Ubuntu, Oracle, Javascript, SQL, HTML, Visual Basic, Adobe, Photoshop, Photography, Microsoft Office