Help Desk Help Desk Help Desk Scottsdale, AZ Tier 3 Technical Support / Information Technology Contract work with 17 years experience. Areas of  expertise include system hardware, efficiently in troubleshooting and repair in Microsoft  Windows/Server and Androids Systems with digital phone, DNS, DHCP, LAN, WAN, and WIFI repair  and troubleshooting.    Dedicated to enhancing underwriting department operations with an analytical and disciplined  approach. Able to work with minimal direction to solve problems, resolve conflicts and respond to  customer inquiries.    Meticulous IT experience, excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. Broad  industry experience includes Healthcare, Business, Government agencies, Finance and Legal. Skilled  with broad base of experience in technical support and operations.    Fast worker able to resolve problems quickly, delivering high levels of customer satisfaction.  Results-driven IT professional with notable success in the planning, analysis, and implementation of  security initiatives. Strengths in providing comprehensive network design and security frameworks. Work Experience Help Desk Platinum Resource Group/Residential Design Services July 2019 to August 2019 Maintained internal/external help desk troubleshooting and repairs computers, copier, printer  ? Installed switch, patch panels and terminated  ? Reimaged and relocated workstations to connect to VLAN  ? Mitel VOIP support  ? A/V, projection setup IT Security Analyst / System Admin SecValMSP, LLC - Phoenix, AZ May 2018 to May 2019 Maintained and repaired security systems  ? Monitored computer virus reports to determine when to update virus protection systems.  ? Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans.  ? Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures.  ? Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help  desk staff.  ? Diagnosed and troubleshooted Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase  company efficiency.  ? Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.  ? Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.  ? Designed and implemented new server standards for core business services.  ? Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding network activities.  ? Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site.  ? Advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT  infrastructure work.  ? Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting.  ? Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity  and security of data, reports and access.  ? Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web  applications.  ? Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance  and upgrades.  ? Developed plans to safeguard computer files against modification, destruction or disclosure.  ? Communicated with third party vendors to diagnosis and repair software.  ? Created and Maintained Active Directory user profiles while establishing individual account  parameters both internal and third party vendors.  ? Established and Maintained all company O365 for all users.  ? Consulted with network engineering staff to evaluate hardware and software requirements for new  system development.  ? Drafted and distributed training manuals for devices used by various employees.  ? Supervised and monitored delivery of contractual services according to SLA agreements.  ? Developed and maintained thorough knowledge of company departments and compliance  programs.  ? Controlled and managed server room, wireless network, server infrastructure, audiovisual  equipment, laptops and video conferencing equipment.  ? Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.  ? Set up PC desktops and laptops and all types of mobile devices.  ? Trained and supported company users and end-users with software, hardware and network  standards and use processes.  ? Developed and maintained strong client relationships to ensure delivery of exceptional customer  service and problem resolution.  ? Maintained hardware and software with new installations, repairs and patches including Windows  7 /10, Server 2012, 2012 R2, and 2016.  ? Engaged end users and answered questions via email, phone, website live chat and in forums.  ? Communicated with executive team and CEO to maximize development efficiencies and resolve  technology issues.  ? PCI and GDPR Compliance Tier III Technical Support Charter Communications/Spectrum - North Canton, OH July 2017 to May 2018 Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues.  ? Reviewed technical documentation and procedures.  ? Identified and solved technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools.  ? Defined and documented technical best practices.  ? Managed call flow and responded to technical support needs of customers.  ? Activated accounts for clients interested in new services.  ? Created cases and claims for damaged, lost or displaced packages.  ? Coordinated product orders.  ? Retained existing clients and developed new business by extending high quality and efficient  service.  ? Researched, troubleshoot and resolve complex problems independently.  ? Trained end-users in VOIP and router usage.  ? Worked closely with team members to meet or exceed all customer service requirements.  ? Demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with customers at all times.  ? Provided on-call support for critical issues.  ? Described solutions to customers accurately and persuasively.  ? Maintained and updated customer service database.  ? Used ticketing systems to manage and process actions taken.  ? Managed customers' expectations and experience to a high degree of customer satisfaction.  ? Created documentation that empowered and enabled user community.  ? Conducted research to address customer concerns.  ? Appropriately documented all transactions and pertinent interactions.  ? Resolved customer issues in a clear, courteous and straightforward manner.  ? Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows.  ? Maintained high departmental standards for quality and productivity metrics.  ? Set up PC and laptops and all types of mobile devices. Information Technology Specialist Self Employed - Louisville, OH January 2010 to January 2017 Monitored servers, network connections, firewalls and corporate filters.  ? Set up network profiles, security permissions and file sharing systems.  ? Trained and supported end-users with software, hardware and network standards and use  processes.  ? Maintained hardware and software with new installations, repairs and patches.  ? Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.  ? Provided after-hours support for applications and project efforts when needed.  ? Implemented and administered advanced Microsoft technologies.  ? Trained users in the proper use of hardware or software.  ? Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.  ? Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site.  ? Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.  ? Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help  desk staff.  ? Followed internal procedures for change management, incident management and escalation.  ? Evaluated and conducted technical and functional research and analysis.  ? Participated in special projects, external audits, evaluations and process improvements.  ? Made recommendations and developed technical design for new application features.  ? Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data  circuits.  ? Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.  ? Ensured proper installation of cables, operating systems and software.  ? Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms.  ? Implemented new services into production.  ? Ensured proper release and maintenance of all systems.  ? Recommended network security standards to management.  ? Revamped physical systems, including network devices, security controls and wiring.  ? Gathered, defined and implemented business requirements.  ? Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance  and upgrades.  ? Backed up company data on a regular basis, which proved effective in successfully recovering  critical information after a malware attack.  ? Linked computers to the network and to peripheral equipment, including printers and scanners.  ? Answered calls and emails at the company's help desk, assisting employees and customers with troubleshooting computer issues. Technician/Inventory Management McClinton Energy Group, LLC - Midland, TX April 2012 to September 2012 Led warehouse improvement initiatives to advance operational efficiencies.  ? Achieved a 100% on-time shipment rate.  ? Conducted monthly inventories of materials on the work floor.  ? Supervised material flow, storage and global order fulfillment.  ? Estimated weights, heights and centers of balance to make precise placements.  ? Maintained accurate stock records and schedules.  ? Enforced the on-time shipment of products to create exceptional customer experiences.  ? Established long-term customer relationships through prompt and courteous service.  ? Redirected shipments en route in response to customer requests.  ? Picked up incoming stock and delivered materials to designated locations. Education High School Diploma Louisville High School - Louisville, OH Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, COMPTIA, USER INTERFACE, R2 Additional Information Skills  ? Self-motivated ? Reporting and Analysis  ? Process implementation ? Active Directory  ? User interface understanding ? Office 365  ? Skilled in MS XP, 7, 10, Server 2012, R2, 2016 ? ConnectWise  ? Materials preparation ? Automate  ? Hardware evaluation ? Freshdesk  ? Conflict resolution ? Bomgar, TeamViewer, Log me in, RDP  ? Methodology implementation ? IMAC Experience  ? Inspection reviews ? Patch panels, switches, Cat termination/Punch  ? Extremely organized down  ? Data entry  ? Team leadership CompTIA A+ Certification  ? Interpersonal and written communication ID# COMP001007259559  ? Strong verbal communication  ? Interpersonal and written communication 25 years of metal and word working and design  ? On Site/Off Site Experience 25 years computer building knowledge  ? Imaging Ability to build computers from the ground up  ? Cisco Meraki independently  ? Customer Service Skills Knowledge of advance computer system design  Blueprint reading and design (CAD)