Security Administrator <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Cybersecurity Professional Marietta, GA Provided technical assistance in the identifying and investigating of computer and network intrusions. Maintained PC systems, system patching, system scanning, audit logs, and compliance. Interpreted and implemented security policy and compliance measures. Familiar with NIST, ISO 27001, SOX, DOD8570, and HIPAA. Work Experience Security Administrator TireHub - Atlanta, GA 2018 to 2019 • Created policies in Office 365 for DLP protection.  • Monitored, reviewed, and tracked threats in Office 365 and Cisco Umbrella.  • Created destination lists, content policies and blocked applications using Cisco Umbrella.  • Contacted users to verify, classify, and correctly review security events.  • Trained fellow employees in security awareness and company procedures.  • Authored security policies using the NIST 800-53 Cybersecurity framework.  • Identified issues, conducted security risk analysis, analyzing system requirements for internal audit and regulatory reporting and communicated issues to management and users.  • Performed risk assessments for vendors to determine the security controls needed to be implemented.  • Created and managed the security awareness campaign including finding and implementing an LMS option for training, creating posters and cybersecurity newsletters promoting user awareness.  • Conducted Cisco Meraki monitoring of network outages to ensure the availability of the system for different sites.  • Created policies for network security, security content blocks, destination lists and blocked custom sites using Cisco Umbrella and Office 365.  • Tracked and monitored the trajectory of incidents in Cisco Amp and forwarded them to the managed service provider to remediate. Asset and Inventory Analyst - Contractor Hays Recruitment - Atlanta, GA 2017 to 2018 • Tracked and managed software assets from delivery to retirement.  • Provided end-user training on various programs and procedures for the IT Asset management operation.  • Managed inventory of Lenovo laptops, desktops, Android, and Apple devices using Altiris. IT Analyst Intercontinental Exchange - Atlanta, GA 2014 to 2017 • Utilized NetWitness Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Snort Intrusion Detection & Prevention (IDS / IPS), Symantec Data Leakage Prevention (DLP), Splunk and Malwarebytes analysis tools to scan networks.  • Active directory administration using Dell Active Roles (ARS).  • Conducted data leak prevention (DLP), ensuring company sensitive and critical information did not leave the network. IT Operations Specialist Fluor Government Group - Jacksonville, FL 2013 to 2014 • Performed security audits on servers, databases, and networks to make certain that they were patched and secured.  • Detected, mitigated, and remediated software security defects across the enterprise using Symantec Suite and Nessus.  • Hardened operating systems by means of program clean up, group policies, removing admin rights, using service packs, patches, and patch management.    Previous Windows 7 Deployment Technician at THE EXPERTS Education M.S. in Cybersecurity in Cybersecurity Virginia College - Birmingham, AL B.S. in Applied Computer Science in Applied Computer Science Troy University - Montgomery, AL Skills Active directory (3 years), Architecture (Less than 1 year), audit (1 year), Cisco (1 year), Dlp (4 years), Encryption (Less than 1 year), Governance (Less than 1 year), Ids (3 years), Intrusion (3 years), Intrusion detection (3 years), Metasploit (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Nessus. (1 year), Networking (Less than 1 year), Security (5 years), security policies (1 year), Snort (3 years), Splunk (3 years), Symantec (4 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/urobinson