Sr IT Build Analyst Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> Build <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr IT Build Analyst - TD Bank Medford, NJ I have worked in IT related fields for the past 9 years. Most recently I have specialized in Desktop engineering and support, and heavily into desktop and server virtualization. All of my positions required a heavy focus on working well within a diverse team, and ensuring deliverables were on time with little to no leeway on timelines. Through these high-pressure environments, I have developed the working skillset to contribute to any project or business as usual work that was in the purview of my team. I am always ready to jump in or lend a hand where needed. Work Experience Sr IT Build Analyst TD Bank August 2016 to Present My job functions varied greatly in this position. My team was the Level 3 support for the desktop for the entire Bank footprint. We were responsible for enterprise wide troubleshooting, root cause analysis, and problem resolution for issues regarding the operating system and related services. Work involved included heavy diagnostic tool usage from the Microsoft suite, solution engineering, as well as direct involvement with the vendor (Microsoft). Whilst maintaining my daily duties and any break/fix activities that were needed; I also managed and configured two separate Hyper-V labs to provide line of business analysts with testing machines for their applications. Duties involved daily fulfillment of VM requests, as well as maintaining and supporting the infrastructure required to run the Hyper-V instances. Associate Systems Analyst, Radiology Support Maine Medical Center - Portland, ME October 2015 to July 2016 In this role, I supported the Radiology line of business. There was a heavy focus on virtualization both desktop and server side. I assisted with managing the server farm in VMware. Daily tasks involved health checks for VMware infrastructure and storage solutions, maintaining and supporting two applications I was the SME and owner of, troubleshooting and supporting workstations for the entire radiology department, and managing Active Directory OU and user structure and permissions. Other tasks included direct involvement with multiple vendors for any number of services offered to the Radiology department. These would range from application testing for updates/versions, new application rollout, domain migrations as new hospitals were brought in, as well as vetting and approving or denying vendor offers for new services/applications. Security Operations Specialist Maine Medical Center - Portland, ME April 2015 to October 2015 In this role, my team and I were responsible for the day to day management of Active Directory objects as well as login scripting for users. Daily tasks ranged from managing file share permissioning and corresponding Active Directory objects, managing user accounts across multiple domains, cross domain object nesting, and facilitating domain migrations. Data Security Analyst TD Bank - Lewiston, ME August 2013 to April 2015 My team and I managed all user objects for the BKNG domain. I administrated user migrations between locations and domains as well as ensuring user data was replicated across servers. This job role also required the administration of multiple applications, some with Active Directory tie ins and others requiring custom user accounts and permissions. I was heavily involved in user and data migrations for the EDGE project during this time. I did break/fix troubleshooting on failed user migrations, as well as migration of user data across the entire US footprint.