Senior Analyst/Peoplesoft Developer, TOP SECRET Security Clearance Senior <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Peoplesoft Developer, TOP SECRET <span class="hl">Security</span> Clearance Senior Analyst/Peoplesoft Developer, TOP SECRET Security Clearance - Accenture Federal Services Fort Washington, MD Young experienced Application Developer with a Top secret clearance and demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Public Speaking, client to consultant interactions, PL/SQL, Java, HTML, and Peoplesoft. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelors of Science Degree focused in Computer Science from Hampton University. Also will obtain an MBA from University of Maryland October 2019. Work Experience Senior Analyst/Peoplesoft Developer, TOP SECRET Security Clearance Accenture Federal Services 2017 to Present at FBI  • Coordinated with Business Analyst to understand client business needs and requirements.  • Assisted in design and development of Peoplesoft applications based on business requirements.  • Upgraded and modified Peoplesoft applications as per business needs.  • Assisted in preparing project plan and technical and functional specifications.  • Identified and troubleshoot coding issues in a timely fashion.  • Ensured that project deliverables meet business requirements and ensure to complete project within assigned timelines.  • Provided support in system testing and bug fixing activities.  • Recommended new coding techniques to ensure quality and usability Applications Developer 2, TOP SECRET Security Clearance CACI, International - Arlington, VA 2014 to 2017 at DEA  • Analyzed, coded, and tested complex programs  • Coded 3-tier architecture .net applications with html, css, jquery front end, c# middle tier, and pl/sql backend  • Formulated and developed specifications, code, documentation, and related customer information required to complete program development  • Prepared program logic flow charts and processing diagrams as well as formulate and define system scope and objectives for assigned maintenance activities  • Responsible for program design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation for all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.  • Designed and developed client applications for microcomputers; Volunteer Research Intern National Defense University June 2013 to August 2013 Assisted NWC faculty complete tasks and research projects. Retail Associate Autozone - Fort Washington, MD June 2013 to August 2013 • Performed cashier duties including receiving and disbursing cash, debit and credit transactions;  • Assisted customers with car side service to install auto parts.  • Prepared marketing displays and inventoried chocolate products  Volunteer highlights: "A man for others": I have refereed grade school soccer games, performed piano concerts for the homeless, and tutored  Elementary school students and delivered meals to senior citizens in impoverished areas of Washington D.C.  Member: Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), Hampton University Chapter IT Support Specialist-Intern, SECRET Security Clearance DTRA - Fort Belvoir, VA 2010 to 2012 • Delivered program support for IT Department for a Department of Defense (DoD) Agency charged with responsibility to reduce and eliminate the threat of weapons of mass destruction;  • Performed full range of help desk functions in support of Agency personnel;  • Key performer in Agency migration to Windows7 for 2,000 personnel;  • Prepared computers for migration, and installed Windows7;  • Initiated BIOS reboots, installed software, and re-imaged computers. Education MBA in International Honor Society for Computing & Information Disciplines University of Maryland September 2019 Computer Science Hampton University - Hampton, VA May 2014 Skills Java (4 years), Web Development (3 years), Peoplesoft (2 years), SQL (4 years), Consulting (3 years), Excel (2 years), HTML (2 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Research (5 years), Visual Basic (Less than 1 year)