CSR - Customer Service Representative CSR - Customer Service Representative Grand Haven, MI - Project Management and Leadership experience  - IT Support Tech Experience  - Over 7 years of experience in Multimedia  - 8 years military experience  - Knowledge in programming (C++, VISUAL BASIC, HTML)  - 3D modeling and animation (3ds Max, Maya)  - Graphic Design (Photoshop, Flash) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CSR - Customer Service Representative CEO ETC - College Station, TX 2019 to Present • Conduct network troubleshooting for internet service provider issues for residential and commercial clients. Utilizing Hive Manager, Mimosa, Mikrotik router support, Zhone, and various other tools and devices for wireless internet as well as fiber.  • Provide support for businesses under managed services contracts with myriad of issues concerning hardware and software for dealerships, distribution centers, and more.  • Dispatched field technicians. IT Support Analyst II Oklahoma University Health Science Center - Tulsa, OK 2018 to 2019 • Troubleshooted, managed, encrypted, and deployed endpoints such as laptops, desktops, and zero clients to end users  • Updated, added, and managed configuration items in Service Now for workstations, mobile devices, and printers.  • Provided support for remote clinics such as psychiatry, pediatrics, social work services, as well as, high profile users in management and executive positions.  • Conducted application installations for clinical and administrative work  • Surplussed workstations and medical equipment. Level 2 Remote Support Technician CompuCom - Fairfield, OH 2017 to 2018 • Special projects team for U.S. and Canada (USCAN) that supported General Electric healthcare field engineers to facilitate proper hospital functioning equipment.  • Provided remote software support for a variety of GE applications and Microsoft functions including all MS Office programs, VPN access, Network troubleshooting, and more  • Conducted hardware part replacement, ordering, and installation for laptops and desktops (Dell, HP, Lenovo)   • Executed device imaging and managed services for computers as well as tablets and mobile devices. 0311 - Infantry Rifleman (Squad Leader) United States Marine Corps 2010 to 2018 • Squad Leader responsible for the well-being and direction of Marines  • Provided leadership principles and guidance  • Instructed proper tactics, techniques and protocols to become an effective squad.  • Conducted disciplinary action.  • Assisted in planning operations for the rifle squad.  • Assisted in radio communications for artillery assets  • Provided guidance in helicopter operations involving Special Purpose Insert/Extract and fast roping  • Participated in Norwegian led NATO exercise Cold Response 2012 in Norway and various other deployments.  • Weapons training including M249, M16, M203, M240B etc. Global Incident Commander General Electric - Mason, OH 2017 to 2017 - Determined priority of global incidents that occur within the IT industry  - Engaged technical teams from all levels based upon priority  - Ascertained production impact and managing incidents to resolution that impact hundreds to thousands of users and have financial costs of millions.  - Covered all aspects of GE including Aviation, Oil and Gas, Digital, Healthcare, Transportation, Power, etc.  - Balanced a broad IT skillset to troubleshoot any issue quickly. IT Help Desk Agent NSCGlobal - Mason, OH 2016 to 2017 - Processed incidents and service requests according to specifications.  - Communicated with users to understand issues and known solutions.  - Initiated escalations via designated management according to process specifications.  - Conducted administrative actions via remote access to user's machines to resolve issues.  - Managed user's from various accounts for their troubleshooting needs. Armed Security Supervisor Allied Barton Security Services - Las Vegas, NV 2015 to 2016 • Managed all security officers.  • Provided security and protection for the RTC contract at the Bonneville Transit Center Independent Contractor Las Vegas Landlord - Las Vegas, NV 2015 to 2016 • Managed property accounts for evictions and handled eviction process for landlords.  • Conducted background investigations on potential tenants for property managers. Managing Member Executive TLGN - Lagrange, IN 2013 to 2015 • Created Schedules and timelines for project team members.  • Assisted in development of financial plans and asset acquisitions.  • Conducted business plan creation as well as bylaws for creation of LLC.  • Developed marketing strategies.  • Conducted interviews of potential personnel.  • Managed multiple projects. Security Officer Per Mar Security - Mishawaka, IN 2013 to 2014 • Ensured safety of personnel and property, such as construction zones, hospitals, WHQ buildings, factories, etc.  • Wrote Incident Reports on high profile activity.  • Reported and documented suspicious activity Messenger Brinks - South Bend, IN 2012 to 2013 • Ensured safe delivery and pickup of CIT (Cash In Transit) operations  • Conducted ATM cash replenishments and deposit pulls Grinder Operator / Print Room Tech Guardian Automotive - Ligonier, IN 2010 to 2010 • Ensured quality of glass for manufacturing  • Operated machinery involved in aligning, printing, and examining glass  • Mixed paint and accounted for viscosity along with other parameters Security Officer Guardian Security - Concord, CA 2009 to 2009 • Provided security and protection for construction yards, banks, motels, colleges, shopping centers, and labs  • Chemical agent and Taser qualified Site Surveyor X3 Management Services - Las Vegas, NV 2008 to 2008 • Conducted site surveys for T-Mobile at cellphone towers for integration of their UMTS technology  • Assisted in handling T-Mobile assets and addressed concerns onsite Education Associates in Multimedia ITT Technical Institute Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Service Country: United States Rank: Corporal 2010 to 2018 Certifications/Licenses Connectwise Manage Connectwise Automate