Cyber Security Endpoint Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Endpoint <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Endpoint Analyst - General Dynamics Information Technology, National Guard Bureau Versatile active Military IT professional with over 10 years of broad expertise collaborating with internal and external clients in diverse environments. Analytical problem-solver driving innovative solutions for troubleshooting, repair and end user support. Detail-oriented team leader and self-motivated team player with proven success managing multiple simultaneous projects and tasks. Disciplined quick learner with exceptional interpersonal and communication skills. Work Experience Cyber Security Endpoint Analyst General Dynamics Information Technology, National Guard Bureau - Arlington, VA November 2018 to Present • Providing technical support on all aspects of HBSS McAfee endpoint security point products in a classified SOC for National Guard Bureau at the Enterprise level.  • Assist with configuration of HBSS components to meet DISA HBSS STIGs and DOD policy.  • Prepare all National Guard states for Cyber Combat Readiness inspections.  • Assist HBSS state administrators within the NGB ensuring all HBSS modules are up to the current secure host baseline, security inspections, modifying policies, account creations, and organizing systems within the system tree as needed.  • Ensuring all states have Rogue sensors deployed on all capable subnets and that no rogue systems reside on those subnets.  • Current modules installed are McAfee Agent, Host Intrusion Prevention System, Policy Auditor, Data Loss Prevention/ Device Control Module, Endpoint Security (previously VirusScan Enterprise) and Rogue System Detection.  • Provided assistance with the migration of systems from the 5.3 ePO to the 5.9 ePO and the transition from VirusScan Enterprise (VSE) to Endpoint Security (ENS).  • Create queries and run daily compliance reports as requested.  • Working with government counterparts to seek approval for Host IPS exclusions and policy tuning.  • Assists sites in the deployment of McAfee point products, as well as troubleshooting point product deployment, IPS blocks, and connectivity issues.  • Review and provided analysis on Host IPS, VirusScan Enterprise, Endpoint Security and McAfee Agent log files.  • Tracks network wide compliance with DISA Baseline requirements for the McAfee point products.  • Provides regular analysis and reporting of tracked data within the ePO.  • Troubleshoots policy enforcement to point products and review security technical implementation guides (STIGS) and applies new changes and configurations to policies.  • Understands when a change request is necessary for specific actions and is able to carry a request through the change management process. Junior Watch Officer MITSC HQMC, Pentagon June 2017 to Present • Monitoring infrastructure and network, responding appropriately to alerts and events and providing data center support where appropriate.  • Responding to incidents from triage through resolution, including escalations. Responds to infrastructure repairs, including directing remote activities to maintain operational effectiveness for services.  • Provided root cause analysis documentation in accordance with government procedures; and provides incident notifications to government representatives.  • Documenting daily shift activities in appropriate reporting and ticketing tools, ensuring proper pass down of any outstanding issues.  • Detected and investigated all infrastructure alerts and escalated to appropriate personnel as necessary.    • Provided technical network support and responded to service requests    • Developed and updated processes and procedures and posted on department intranet.    • Leads monthly COOPS    • Executed & coordinated on-call escalations for 24x7x365 infrastructure & hosted environments.    • Performed daily operational network & system infrastructure checks and balances for Production environments.    • Initiated incident management & response with structured escalation levels for Production issues.    • Monitored various applications and monitoring consoles to maintain availability & performance.    • Responsible for Production code promotions to Application Development environments.    • Administered and maintain standard operations procedure documentation. IT support the new AT&T FirstNet OnPoint Consulting, Inc - Arlington, VA June 2017 to Present broadband network that equips first responders to save lives and protect U.S. communities.  • Using AT&T's MyAOTS ticketing system to identify, troubleshoot, and reroute tickets to the corresponding groups within the specific SLA agreements.  • Monitor and report Alert Logic security email notifications daily across AWS and production environments for incidents, suspicious activity, or cyber- security threats (DDOS attacks, etc).  • Monitor and report New Relic alerts for any server, monitoring services, or portal website outages.  • Create conference calls with Tier 3 & AT&T to discuss and identify any Severity 1 issues (incidents, outages, cyber- security threats, etc.) until they're completely resolved. Staff Sargent/Supervisor Maryland Air National Guard December 2009 to Present • Supervises and advises civilian military employees, ensuring they are performing their jobs to military standards; and filing and keeping employee information neat and organized.  • Completed all training requirements to move up in ranks.  • Effective team leader  • Establish/maintain stock records, receipts, inventory, material control, accounting and supply reports. Prepare reports on personnel, equipment availability, storage space, relocation of materials and any/all warehouse acceptance/denials.  • Ensure application of special procedures for handling, storage, packaging, maintenance on all supplies/equipment and shipping of retrograde material.  • Lead, analyze and execute operational data/reports on all warehouse/office or assigned stock.  • Supervised/instructed assignment duties to subordinates in proper work techniques and procedures. Conduct inspections and provide technical assistant to storage activities. Help Desk Analyst Link Solutions, Inc 2017 to 2017 - 2017  • Supervised operation of help desk, serving as focal point for customer concerns. Recommended systems modifications to reduce user problems.  • Provided support to end users on variety of issues, including second-tier support to end users for either PC, server or mainframe applications or hardware.  • Diagnosed problems through discussion with users, responding to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support.  • Identified, researched, isolated and resolved various technical problems.  • Documented, tracked, and monitored problems to ensure timely resolution and follow-up. Simulated or recreated user problems to resolve operating difficulties.  • Interacted with network services, software systems engineering and applications development to restore service and/or identify and correct core problems. Staff Sargent/Honor Guard Technician Maryland National Guard Honor Guard December 2011 to 2017 • First contact Tier II resolution for majority of incoming requests and provided deskside/remote support to perform diagnostics and issue analysis.  • Deployed McAfee Endpoint encryption on user workstations, laptops, and tablets.  • Investigated and reported Ransomware viruses to security team, advised users on security protocol, and scanned/re-imaged impacted laptops.  • Lead the Honor Guard members in military honors. Education BA in Computer Networking & Cyber Security University of Maryland May 2020 Skills ENCRYPTION, VPN, CISCO, REMEDY, ANDROID, IOS, MCAFEE ANTI-VIRUS, MICROSOFT OFFICE, WINDOWS 7, MAC, MAC OS Additional Information Operating Systems: Android OS, Apple iOS, Mac OS, Windows 7/8/10    Software & Applications: Cisco AnyConnect, McAfee Anti-Virus, McAfee ePO, McAfee Encryption, McAfee Endpoint, Microsoft Office Suite 365, VPN, WebEx, Remedy Ticketing System.