Field Tech Senior Associate/Desktop Support Field Tech Senior Associate/Desktop Support Desktop Support Garner, NC • Accomplished, innovative IT Professional with 8 years + progressive experience in providing top-level customer service utilizing advanced technical support skills. Proven success in demonstrating exceptional expertise in maintaining, analyzing, troubleshooting and repairing desktop computers, laptops, hardware, and other software issues.  • A strong team player committed to company long-term growth by focusing on streamlining driving operations, adept at training employees to identify, analyze and repair product failures quickly and efficiently.  • Effective communicator and relationship-builder with superior detail orientation, adept at imparts information effectively across all management, department, and discipline levels and engenders a collaborative spirit, consistently resulting in extraordinary outcomes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Field Tech Senior Associate/Desktop Support NTTDATA/Guardian Life - Bethlehem, PA April 2018 to August 2019 • Responsible for on-site and/remote installation, implementation, maintenance, troubleshooting and repair of laptop's, printers, and associated peripherals.  • I serve as a company liaison with customers at the Techbar.  • Providing level 1 technical support and incident management service desk functions  • I build, troubleshoot, and provide operational quality desktops, laptops, printers, and associated peripherals. And Troubleshoot software problems within Citrix, Java, Aws, O365,  • I install, maintain and optimizes desktops/laptops configurations at the customer's desk.  • I perform diagnoses and resolves product performance problems and perform maintenance and repair service to customers laptops. prioritize and organize deliverables based on needs  • I instruct customers in the operation of VPN access, how to clear out cache from Skype.  • I have experience knowledge of Windows 7, 10, Macbook, Active Directory, Terminal servers, Group Policy and first call resolution, and problem tracking. I all so Traveled to other sites within Guardian life.  • Strong communication skills and ability to work cohesively with clients. Desktop Support Specialist Suburban Community Hospital - Norristown, PA March 2016 to March 2018 • Experience troubleshooting hardware and software in an enterprise/corporate environment and maintaining different erps within the /hospital system.  • Experience with SCCM and Active Directory to create user accounts and computers to the domain., and reset user account, I manage the Mobile phone setup and support for the hospital and all departments.  • Research a variety of Logs: Application Server Logs, Application Error Logs, and Application SQL Logs to troubleshoot Celerant software and identify bugs. HDD Encryption on ThinkPad laptops  • Utilize various Remote support applications to access clients Point-Of-Sale devices and servers to resolve issues. Windows updates, patching machines on a weekly and monthly basis.  • Successfully resolved end-user complications which included break-fix /troubleshooting support of HP desktops and laptops: installing printers, shares, connectivity issues, user permission to software, we are currently working on Epic deployment we went live in March 2017. Office365 E1 and E3 access.  • Provides support services and preventative maintenance on hardware: PC's, printers, monitors. Supports, monitors, tests, and troubleshoots hardware and software problems. Documents, maintains, upgrades or replaces hardware and software systems. Provides desktop application support, including installation, configuration, and troubleshooting. Provides installs, moves, add and changes (IMAC) support services. Has knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field.  • Epic Project Specifics: Deploy equipment (scanners, card swipes, etc.) in support of the Epic project, maintain inventory controls,  • Run testing scripts, Map printers, EPIC Technical Dress Rehearsal  • Testing, provide technical support during go-live operations.  • Ensured effective and timely resolution and communication to the user during the application support  • Provided ongoing application support for those systems  • I also receive calls during the normal business day and after hours. I had to do wireless surveys for the hospital to see what we had to upgrade and to strengthen the signal in the building. I'm the lead for are the desktop deployment of new hardware for the hospital. I handle all the ticketing problems; I get 40 or more tickets a day. I managed the deployment of all Hardware upgrade for the Epic rollout. And moving users to the new prime Domain. With a team of 5 that I supervise. And I support the use of Dragon Naturally Speaking Dictation Software 360.  • I work independently with my users and on special projects, from desktop and laptop builds, servers install.  • I have Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.  • I have effective organizational and administrative expertise with strong attention to detail and reporting deadlines.  • I'm Physically able to lift and move Enterprise and Client technology hardware in our environment. SUPPORT TECHNICIAN II Uni-data/Prudential - Newark, NJ June 2015 to February 2016 IT Support for the Gateway one building. and all 4 towers SECURITY ADMINISTRATOR|DESKTOP SUPPORT TECHNICIAN II York Risk Services - Hamilton, NJ October 2014 to May 2015 IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST Siemens - Trenton, NJ December 2013 to August 2014 Wendell, NC DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST Xerox LLC - Raleigh, NC October 2013 to December 2013 DESKTOP SUPPORT TECHNICIAN Penn Home Care & Hospice Service - Cynwyd, PA, US February 2013 to November 2013 DESKTOP SUPPORT TECHNICIAN IBM/Sandvik IT GSS Americas - Mebane, NC July 2012 to January 2013 DESKTOP SUPPORT ENGINEER RMIC-Republic Mortgage Insurance Company - Winston-Salem, NC June 2012 to August 2012 MMS - DESKTOP SUPPORT II/SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR Molina Healthcare Solutions - Trenton, NJ December 2009 to May 2012 Education Certificate in Computer Cleveland Institute of Electronics - Cleveland, OH 2015 Diploma in Small Business Management in Small Business Management Penn Foster Career School - Scranton, PA 2014 Diploma in Engineering Center for the media arts - New York, NY Associate Degree in PC Networking and Application Specialist in PC Networking and Application Specialist Micro Tech Learning Center - East Orange, NJ Certificate Essex County College - Newark, NJ Skills WIRELESS (2 years), EPIC (2 years), SECURITY (Less than 1 year), DICTATION (2 years), DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING (2 years), Comptia, Desktop Support, Help Desk, SCCM, Tech Support, Service Desk, MAC, Macintosh, Active Directory, Apple Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified November 2009 to Present Security+ February 2010 to Present A valid IT Specialist certification Assessments Technical Support — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_to_profile/1287bd0a442c8a1cb933050715ddc3f7eed53dc074545cb7 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Remote/Onsite Resolution • Systems Migration • Help Desk Support • Installations/Configuration •Policy & procedure Compliance • Growth Planning & Implementation • Network/Server/Telecommunications • Dynamic Leadership & Team Building • Customer Relationship Management • Troubleshooting • Cloud Technology • Good Time Management & Dependable • Desktop Support Analysis, Wireless Surveys, Dragon Naturally Speaking Dictation Software 360, Nextgen, Epic, Citrix,    Technology Skills    Applications: Microsoft Office 2010, 2013, 2016, Office365, Service now,Track- it, Remedy, Altiris, Ghost, Astea, TrendMicro, Team Viewer, Putty, Toad, Adobe Acrobat, Attachmate, Hummingbird, Lotus Notes 8.5, FTP, Informatica, Wireshark, LogMeIn, Bomgar, VNC, ProComm plus, Bit locker, CutePDF Professional, Genetec Security Desk 5.1, Avaya -X one Communicator, McAfee Virus Scan and Antispyware Enterprise 8.8 32bit/64bit, Tripwire-intrusion detection software, Lawson, OR Manager, Nuance Dragon, Next Gen, citrix client.    Platforms: Windows Server 2008 w/AD, Exchange Server 2003/2008/2010, SCCM 2007, Epic    Operating Systems: Mac/Windows 10/7/8/XP/2000, Virtual Desktops, Avaya VOIP and Video Conferencing, Cisco VOIP Phones, Cisco wireless, MS Surface Pro.    Mobile Support: iPhone 4, 4s, 5s, 6,6s, 7 iOS, Android, Windows Mobile, Blackberry, iPad.