Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer - PossibleNOW Lawrenceville, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer PossibleNOW - Duluth, GA May 2017 to Present Used ES6, JQuery, CSS, LESS and ASP.Net MVC to build the UI for a contact  preferences platform.  ? Collaborated with team to engineer backend solutions using C# and SQL.  ? Refactored data models and business logic as needed.  ? Worked with Product team to streamline workflow with user requirements.  ? Regularly maintained codebase and fixed bugs found by QA.  ? Setup VSTS build and deployment process. Software Developer II PSA Healthcare - Norcross, GA June 2016 to May 2017 Led effort to setup a source control system using VSTS and Git  ? Used C# to build an Exporter/Importer tool for transitioning nurse forms between Mongo collections.  ? Monitored API deployments on IIS.  ? Automated Barracuda ADC with C# to test web server configurations.  ? Fully designed, built and deployed a security microservice used by helpdesk to manage nurse access to applications in Citrix.  ? Used BootStrap, JQuery and Handlebars to build dynamic mobile nurse forms.  ? Assisted in the development and maintenance of production .net APIs.  ? Performed regular code refactoring to maintain a clean code archetype.  ? Worked with the QA and BA teams to develop a cohesive development workflow.  ? Mentored Junior Developers. Engineer Tin Roof Software/Cox Communications - Dunwoody, GA September 2015 to June 2016 Integrated HSM keys for two-way encryption between COX and Comcast.  ? Leveraged prior experience in security to perform web and network penetration tests.  ? Controlled the Switch Digital Video (SDV) process:  ? Pushed XML files to Cox video management to be consumed by SDV system.  Files then implemented regional channel and frequency changes.  ? Responded to product owner requests and fixed outages.  ? Performed tasks at all hours at high proficiency.  ? Built out new functionality for Error Readiness Tool (ERT) to check video services APIs  for errors.  ? Refactored legacy Java code to improve readability and re-usability.  ? Utilized JUnit to introduce unit testing to the ERT development process. Security Advisor Asbury Automotive August 2015 to February 2016 Worked with the company C-Level management to develop security awareness  training guides and presentations for all employees. Security Analyst CareerBuilder - Norcross, GA June 2014 to September 2015 Performed vulnerability discovery and assessment services with Nexpose, BurpSuite,  and OWaspZAP.  ? Utilized the Kali Linux platform to verify vulnerabilities.  ? Performed quarterly PCI audits over critical systems.  ? Maintained user/group list in Active Directory.  ? Automated MBSA scanning for all servers.  ? Managed an annual full scale system penetration test. IT Intern Reed Construction Data - Norcross, GA July 2012 to May 2014 Built Selenium tests to assist in supporting the QA team.  ? Spearheaded a TFS migration from a 2008 Legacy. system and a 2010 Production  system into a single 2012 Production system.  ? Later, designed and implemented a workflow surrounding the utilization of Team  Foundation Service. SharePoint Intern Reed Construction Data - Norcross, GA May 2011 to August 2011 Worked directly with both the Senior Director of Development and the Director of Operations in designing the UI of the SharePoint system.  ? Implemented the SharePoint system in an intuitive manner. Education M.S in Software Engineering in Software Engineering Penn State May 2014 to August 2016 B.S in Information Systems in Information Systems Kennesaw State University August 2009 to August 2013 Skills C#, Javascript, JQuery, Asp.Net, Mvc, Ajax, SQL, Mongo, Design Patterns, IIS, Asp.Net Core, VSTS, Git, Bootstrap, CSS, Mocking, IOC, DI, NET, Nodejs Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-ormsby-b8999666