IT Proctor <span class="hl">IT</span> Proctor Brooklyn, NY A consummate professional who is a quick learner and an effective problem-solver. Adept multitasker with abilities to handle a number of workplace responsibilities with accuracy and efficiency. Reliable and adaptable with stellar customer service ethics. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Proctor Fordham University School of Law - New York, NY December 2015 to Present Provide support to Fordham Law students with taking their final exams using a software called Exam4. Troubleshooted student laptops during the exam, when needed ensuring that students can return to their exams asap. Assist with exam file upload process, which required logging onto the Fordham wireless system. Assist students with logging onto the Exam4 application. Maintained a detailed log of all technical activities. Operate the classroom projector. Help Desk Analyst Fordham University School of Law - New York, NY July 2016 to August 2016 Responded to and resolved inbound Help Desk requests for technical assistance via phone, email, ticket system and in person. Questioned end user to determine the nature of their problem and walked user through problem-solving process via phone. Researched, analyzed and troubleshooted computer systems, desktop operating systems, networking issues and application software. Supported in house hardware, such as laptops, workstations, printers, copiers and scanners and worked closely with end users. Took ownership of user problems and followed up on the status of issues on behalf of the user and communicated progress. Followed standard Helpdesk operating procedures accurately logged, updated and resolved all tickets using ticket system (TrackIT). Provided hardware and software installation and upgrades. Referred all unresolved technical support issues to Senior Support Specialist. Preserved and grew my knowledge of help desk procedures, products and services. Information Technology Intern Praxis Housing Initiatives, Inc - New York, NY September 2014 to November 2014 Provided day to day technical support to employees for internal desktop systems software and hardware. Assisted with the deployment of Windows 7 and Microsoft Office 2013. Transitioned from personal to corporate installation, configuration and management. Remote Access for installation, configuration, updates, and support. Building Caretaker New York City Housing Authority - Brooklyn, NY December 2010 to September 2012 Responsible for keeping 4 residential buildings with 4 floors in a clean and orderly condition on daily basis. Performed heavy cleaning duties such as cleaning floors, washing walls, windows, and removed rubbish. Serviced compactor machines while handling garbage in an efficient manner that meet city standards. Electrician Apprentice A-Tech Electric - New York, NY August 2009 to May 2010 Successfully completed 2 worksites while ensuring OSHA safety protocols and regulations were met. Threaded conduit ends and connected couplings and conduit fittings while maintaining an efficient workspace. Disassembled faulty electrical equipment and changed flawed or damaged parts by means of hand tools. Electrician Apprentice GMA Electrical Corp - Staten Island, NY April 2009 to August 2009 Assisted Electrician with the installation and maintenance of electrical wiring, equipment, and fixtures. Stripped insulation from wire ends using wire stripping pliers and attached wires to terminals for soldering. Replaced faulty circuit breakers, fuses, switches, and wire. Electrician Apprentice Five Star Electrical Corp - Ozone Park, NY February 2008 to April 2009 Installed and set-up new fire alarm system at government courthouse resulting in 100% running of electricity. Measured, cut, bent, and ran EMT tubing using appropriate tools in a team oriented environment. Pulled wire through conduit leading to horns, strobes, dampers, fire alarm panels, and other terminals    Accomplishment: Received and earned OSHA 10 certification while on the job Security Officer Summit Security Services - New York, NY August 2003 to September 2003 Secured assigned area to deter trespassers. Recorded post activities on an hourly basis. Reviewed employee identification before allowing access to premises. Inspected visitor packages for unauthorized objects not allowed on property. Security Officer Primary Security Services - Elmhurst, NY April 2003 to August 2003 Patrolled retail store to prevent theft of merchandise. Inspected customer packages when needed and ensured that the store was secured during closing. Security Officer Summit Security Services - New York, NY August 2002 to September 2002 Secured assigned area to deter trespassers. Recorded post activities on an hourly basis. Reviewed employee identification before allowing access to premises. Inspected visitor packages for unauthorized objects not allowed on property. Park Enforcement Patrolmen Officer New York City Parks Department - New York, NY June 2001 to September 2001 Ensured that visitors adhered to the rules and regulations of the pool site. Patrolled the pool deck perimeter. Secured the front gate of the pool and park. Inspected visitor bags for objects not allowed in the park. Education Certification SUNY Brooklyn Educational Opportunity Center - Brooklyn, NY April 2019 Per Scholas Institute for Technology - Bronx, NY April 2014 to July 2014 Labor Studies Empire State College, SUNY - New York, NY January 2008 to May 2010 Digital Media Arts TCI College of Technology - New York, NY January 2001 to December 2002 Skills Security, Excel, Microsoft Word, Customer Service, Microsoft Office, Time Management, Typing Certifications/Licenses New York State Security Guard License April 2019 to April 2021 New York State Department of State Division of Licensing Services Security Guard Registration 8 Hour Certificate April 2019 to April 2020 Eight Hour Pre-Assignment Training Course For Security Guards 16 Hour Certificate April 2019 to Present Sixteen Hour On The Job Training Course For Security Guards CompTIA A+ June 2014 to July 2020 The preferred qualifying credential for technical support and IT operational roles Technicians are trained in a variety of issues ranging from networking and operating systems to mobile devices and security. A+ supports the ability to connect users to the data they need to do their jobs regardless of the devices being used. CompTIA Network+ July 2014 to July 2020 Network+ ensures an IT professional has the knowledge and skills to design and implement functional networks, configure, manage, and maintain essential network devices, use devices such as switches and routers to segment network traffic and create resilient networks, identify benefits and drawbacks of existing network configurations, implement network security, standards, and protocols, troubleshoot network problems and support the creation of virtualized networks OSHA 10 September 2013 to Present 10 hour Occupational Safety and Health Training Course in Construction Safety and Health Assessments Security Guard Skills — Proficient June 2019 Assessing risks, enforcing security standards, and handling complaints. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wt-w-rya5tevd7cz Basic Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of basic Microsoft Word techniques for word processing, including the use of tools to format or edit text. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pnubyqdwyxgolgn4 Basic Computer Skills: PC — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/1pkxuzqi2mbelfza Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.