Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Professional Baltimore, MD Work Experience Security Analyst Koniag Technology Solutions September 2017 to Present Security Analyst 1 (Full-Time Contractor)  Security Operations Center (SOC)  Koniag Technology Solutions  September 2017 – Present    Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Review new technologies and make recommendations pertaining to the current IDS deployment  • Reliable with response to IDS alerts on various possible malicious activity  • Identify areas where coverage could be implemented or improved  • Providing high-level engineering support remotely in HQ as well as the Remote Operations Communications Centers  • Monitoring problem ticket queue and reassign tickets to the responsible components if needed  • Identifying newly discovered vulnerabilities and exploits and document same in order to show accuracy of turnaround for detection  • Diligently applying new intrusion detection signatures as directed by the client's Activity Manager; create custom signatures when necessary  • Installing updates of new signatures  • Reviewing daily log data gathered from various resources such as sensors alert logs, firewall logs, content filtering logs  • Identifying possible intrusion attempts or other anomalies  • Filtering non-threatening network traffic for enhanced reporting accuracy  • Managing a problem resolution process from initial reporting to resolution  • Making determinations of the operational impact of a particular threat  • Recommendation of immediate corrective actions to network engineers  • Assisting with remediation, if requested  • Responding to new threats; may be required to initiate and assist in drafting remediation strategies  • Providing ongoing monitoring of intrusion detection systems and newly developed exploits for Windows and UNIX systems.    Incident Response and Reporting Tools (Internal and External):  1. Splunk – IDS Alerts; and for searching user proxy, firewall, and system logs in order to hunt and find malicious activities  2. Resilient – Incident reporting and ticketing system for escalating findings of malicious activity to remediation, as well as submitting IP block requests for US CERT to respond with tracking number  3. FireEye – Sandbox; For advanced malware analysis:  4. URL and file scans  5. Threat detection  6. SPAM email filtering   7. Tanium – To check whether malicious programs are on user workstations  8. CISCO StealthWatch – For network flow and security analycis,   9. McAfee Service Portal – For submitting malicious files  10. McAfee Web Gateway TrustedSource – Checking and submitting all URLs for categorization  11. Sophos – Unsolicited email submissions  12. Virus Total – For any and all scanning destination domain and IP addresses for malicious activity PI - Entry Level Systems Administrator Koniag Technology Solutions - Baltimore, MD February 2017 to September 2017 PI - Entry Level Systems Administrator (Full-Time Contractor)  Project Implementation Team (Action Center)  Koniag Technology Solutions  February 2017 – September 2017    • Proven experience in implementing projects and supporting the software technology for end users  • Responsible for level 2 technical support in the implementation of these new technologies, which will include desktop/operating systems upgrades; workstation, laptop and printer refresh; and other new technologies as introduced  • Create/Modify articles in Knowledge Management Administration for SSA   • Effectively provide processes and procedures as they pertain to initial contact, data backup, tear down, OS and program installation, data restore, follow-up and follow-on troubleshooting.   • On a day-to-day basis I provide problem consultation to the CIAs to assist with first-time problem resolution  • Provide leadership by coaching/monitoring calls while training NNSC Representatives (CSRs), and assisting with level 1 support during high call volumes Help Desk Specialist - CSR (Full-Time Contractor) Koniag Technology Solutions June 2016 to February 2017 • Proven customer service, IT Professional for the Social Security Administration's call center  • Providing troubleshooting and ticket processing support for all end users  • Regular utilization on Active Directory to further assist and support in office and teleworking customers  • Regularly remote into user's workstations to further assist them with Systems Center Configuration Manager  • Provide in depth documentation on all calls taken, and ability to escalate tickets to the right personnel  • Troubleshoot, and install applications through the Registry, Remote Desktop, and Command Prompt  • Unlock suspended network and mainframe accounts for users through mainframe (PCOM), Single Sign On (QESSO) consoles, and Active Directory.  • Utilize Windows Server 2012 to delete and rebuild user profiles  • Transfer and dispatch groups within the SSA ticketing infrastructure for maintenance, repair, and replacement of SDS desktops, laptops, monitors, and peripheral equipment.  • Train users to be more proficient, as well as prevent common issues from occurring when teleworking by connecting through the Start Before Logon procedure IT Contractor BlueAlly LLC - Baltimore, MD February 2015 to December 2015 • Coordinated the Windows 7 Migration Project throughout the Baltimore, MD, DC, and Buffalo, NY divisions; for M&T Bank and Wilmington Trust.  • Project managed effective Windows migration for 2,000-user, multi-site business including software upgrades, SCCM troubleshooting, user training, and continued support.  • Achieved project goals exceeding 3-month estimated schedule and within budget to client's satisfaction by effectively leading all phases of team efforts.    • Project Management:  1. Saved departments thousands of dollars by analyzing user's applications, and hardware.  2. Provided risk mitigation and Risk Management; Issued Documentation, as well as monitored progression, and provided agenda updates.  3. Provided forecasting and scheduling by placing dates and reasonable deadlines for users migrating  4. Made adjustments when needed to meet sponsor deadlines for Windows 7 Project.  5. Conducted Conferences and Hosted Meetings    • Application Readiness:  1. Aided assistance with application identification  2. Researched applications, where required for compatibility with Windows 7  3. Assisted with requirements gathering for application readiness using the project plan checklist  4. Tracked users, applications and readiness for Windows 7 migration  5. Completed out request for all cost center applications to be packaged using Application Management Solutions software by Dell.  6. Filled out and helped cost center with RAF form for application packaging.  7. Provided weekly updates on status of Application Packaging to the project lead and the project sponsor.  8. Delivered deadlines for information associated with user applications from the business contacts.  9. Worked with Vice Presidents and other management to analyze in detail on every application.  10. Listed by user's XP machines to determine which application version was needed for each department.    • Successfully finished the project and contract 2 months earlier than the projected 12+ month original prediction. IT Contractor Conexus Inc - Baltimore, MD September 2014 to March 2015 • Contracted as a team lead for the Windows 7 Migrations for the University of Maryland Medical Systems  • Set up inventory through EPIC, on all HP brand desktop PCs and laptops.  • Responsible for desktop normalization on all inventoried PCs by modifying computer management tools and adding computer names/IP Addresses to the UMMS domain with the utilization of PowerShell.  • Confidently completed the Inventory/Normalization project on the deadline provided by the Project Lead. IT Contractor Insight Global Inc - Baltimore, MD June 2014 to September 2014 • Contracted and successfully completed the transitioning from GroupWise to Microsoft Outlook accounts.  • Responsible for customer service and help desk issues for politicians and staff for the City of Baltimore.  • Remotely installed Microsoft Office Enterprise 2007 and 2010 clients to users.  • Went off site to city police districts, and other remote sites to troubleshoot basic help desk tickets. IT Contractor Digital Intelligence Systems LLC - Baltimore, MD February 2014 to May 2014 • Successfully completed the migration project for Dell, and MedStar Medical Systems' Windows 7 Project within a 4-month span.  • Troubleshoot workstations, printers, network, and internet access problems.  • Helped the user community on utilizing hardware and installed software applications.  • Provided I.T. and Audio/Visual support for meetings and conferences.  • A reliable and valuable resource for Dell and MedStar as a skilled Tier 2 desktop support technician IT Contractor Tier 1 - Baltimore, MD October 2013 to March 2014 • Elite resource for Windows XP to Windows 7 asset migrations.  • Responsible for moving 1500 company assets to new corporate domain using Active Directory.  • Installed software and hardware as needed to successfully upgrade all user assets.  • Performed tune-ups and patch updates when assets have already been migrated to Windows 7.  • Developed and optimized the deployment process by gathering and analyzing user feedback.  • Monitored deployment statuses and provided support to team members to resolve project concerns.  • Was given administrative rights to perform updates and install applications. Internet Protocol Tier 1 Technician Comcast Corporation - White Marsh, MD April 2007 to August 2007 • Represented Comcast in a professional and positive manner in all situations.    • Was responsible for supporting the National Sales team on all pre and post order account management on the Comcast National / Multi-Site Workplace product.    • Worked with field operation personnel to ensure customer satisfaction.    • Provided support for communicates with internal and external customers.    • Provided customer facing support to Commercial customers.    • Diagnosed customer issues through process of elimination by asking probing questions.    • Determined the appropriate solution based on diagnosis and executes the most logical fix providing verbal instruction to customer at a level of detail commensurate with customer PC knowledge and experience.    • Identified customer LAN issues.    • Troubleshooted customer connectivity including but not limited to: DHCP, RF, modem, router, or combination device (stability of equipment as well as configuration).    • Troubleshooted customer Email issues such as delivery problems, client configuration, and DNS problems.    • Activated, configured, while utilizing web space service.    • Provided, verified, and modified TCP/IP network settings.    • Reset and re-provisioned customer modems.    • Obtained, provisioned, added/deleted multiple IP addresses.    • Checked for outages by reviewing outage page for known problems and checked router. Notified the appropriate parties and advised the customers accordingly.    • Documented details of customer interaction by opening tickets in the trouble ticketing system, and recorded appropriate information in database.    • Assigned tickets to local market to dispatch service calls assigned to TSR2 for advanced troubleshooting.    • Identified areas for improvement of process and procedure, and provided feedback to supervisors.    • Exceeded business goals.    • Scheduled flexibility to cover 24x7 operations. Education Associates Degree of Applied Science (A.A.S. in Electronics Brightwood College - TESST College of Technology - Columbia, MD August 2016 Skills Incident Response (1 year), malware (1 year), Network Knowledge (Less than 1 year), Security (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jason-partington-93491343 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2019 to July 2022 CompTia Security+ ce Certified  Verification: JNKJSC740Z50FLCF  Expires: 7/8/2022  UMBC Training Centers  Columbia, MD CompTIA A+ July 2019 to July 2022 CompTia A+ ce Certified  Verification: TVMT0VBEFH4QCRW0  Expires: 7/8/2022  UMBC Training Centers  Columbia, MD Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vzl9ylqtej2dhhl Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.