IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Columbus, OH A fast learner, highly creative and passionate professional. Strong interpersonal skills with certifications in CompTIA A+/ Network +. Well versed in management, professional development and film producing/production. 4 years' experience in customer service, project management and non-profit development. Known by employees and employers for being driven and having a strong sense of integrity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst Homeside Financial - New Albany, OH February 2019 to Present ? Active Directory Support.  ? Supporting Windows 10 servers.  ? Served as the single point of contact to end users for information technology-related issues, problems and requests. Freelance Videographer/Editor Columbus, OH June 2013 to Present I've worked on a plethora of projects in various roles, ranging from Director to PA.     Previous clients:  • Couples (Wedding videos)  • Small businesses  • City of Columbus Police Department  • NASCAR teams  • Musicians  • Political Candidates Help Desk Analyst PCM - Columbus, OH August 2018 to February 2019 •Providing Help Desk support that includes: initial problem determination, clear and concise documentation, diagnostics and information capture, resolution (when possible), customer status updates, transfer of service requests to appropriate IT or other workgroups.  • Serving as the single point of contact to end users for information technology-related issues, problems and requests  • Assisting the Help Desk Manager with reporting, analysis, or training and testing tasks  • Contributing to current technical information and best practices to the knowledge base. Mechanic H&M Automotive - Columbus, OH June 2016 to April 2018 • Conducted extensive diagnostic procedures to determine the sources of customers' problems and provided accurate repair recommendations resulting in 100% customer satisfaction.  • Maintained a working knowledge of current industry best practices in automotive repair.  • Maintained legible and accurate paperwork for both the customer and for our records.  • Conducted routine maintenance work (replacing fluids, lubricating parts etc.)  • Transported new cars to dealership from out of state auctions. Delivered newly purchased/repaired vehicles to customer homes.  • Sold company vehicles online (craigslist/offer up), in person, and also accompanied customers to car auctions to help them choose a vehicle. Security Officer Allied Universal August 2014 to May 2016 • Ensured the security, safety and well-being of all personnel, visitors and premises resulting in pay raises and managerial recommendations.  • Provided excellent customer service to clients and their customers.  • Immediately responded to emergencies/radio calls providing assistance to clients, customers and security personnel.  • Completed reports by recording observations, information, occurrences and surveillance activities; interviewing witnesses; obtaining signatures and communicating with law enforcement when needed. Education Computer Science Per Scholas - Columbus, OH May 2018 to August 2018 Some college Skills PRINTERS, MOBILE DEVICES, SOFTWARE TROUBLESHOOTING, TCP/IP, TCP, Vmware, Routers, Cisco Devices, HTML, HTML 5, CSS, Javascript, Help Desk, Service Desk, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, Comptia, Active Directory, Desktop Support, VPN, MAC, SQL, Angular JS, Mobile Web Development, Java, Bootstrap (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ June 2018 to June 2021 CompTIA Network+ July 2018 to June 2021 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Microsoft Office  • Apple OS  • Microsoft OS  • Adobe Premiere Pro  • Adobe After Effects  • Adobe Light room/Photoshop  • Hardware/Software Troubleshooting  • Routers  • Windows 10  • Mobile Devices  • TCP/IP  • PCs & Printers