Security Defense Operations / IT Security Analyst I <span class="hl">Security</span> Defense Operations / <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I Security Defense Operations / IT Security Analyst I - DIRECTV Aurora, CO Information Assurance Level 2 Technician and Network Systems specialist that has been in the IT field for  the last 14 years. Possess an inactive TS Security Clearance. Currently possess EC- Council CEH, elearnsecurity Junior Penetration Tester, Comptia A+, Net+, and Sec Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Defense Operations / IT Security Analyst I DIRECTV January 2015 to Present Analysis of network traffic by way of Splunk and Wireshark packet captures. Analysis of malicious data  files and containing system infections. Tracing of attacking host locations using web-based tools. Use of security tools such as FireEye and Palo Alto to handle system infections as well as inspect malicious data in a virtual machine. Inspect and analyze reported SPAM email / email headers fro malicious data. Determine  sources of system infections as well as how infection was performed. Escalate Service Desk tickets to requested Desktop / Network departments. Track all work performed using Archer ticketing system. Help Desk / Windows Migration Specialist Redsalsa Technologies - Colorado Department of Human February 2014 to November 2014 Migrate workstations from Windows XP to Windows 7. Perform Help Desk duties in terms of software /  hardware computer support Install Network printers, drives, and software. Provide remote support via Novell  ConsoleOne client spplication. Apex Systems - Desk Side Support at Xcel Energy January 2014 to February 2014 Imaging workstations via Norton Ghost Handle ticket through the Remedy Ticketing System Configure XP  workstations for new users. Perform disk wiping via Partition Magic Software Maintenance of systems /  patches via SCCM PGP Encryption of workstations Symantec Endpoint Protection Provide updates via SMS Desktop Support / Information Security Analyst WJ Bradley Mortgage Capital LLC March 2013 to November 2013 Troubleshot desktop / laptop computer issues for branch offices in 5 states which equaled to about 200+  end-users such as power issues, hardware upgrades, system security setups, and configuring network drives and printers • Computer imaging via Acronis and Ghost. • Noted all issues via ServiceDesk ticketing  system. • Troubleshoot network, switch, and server issues. • Configured equipment for new hires and ship to office destinations. • Assisted with managing McAfee ePO server and McAfee ePO Orchestrator to manage, service, and update anti-virus software. • Managed user accounts, user groups, and email  accounts. • Performed Windows migration by copying user profiles and transferring them from Windows  XP & Windows Vista to Windows 7. • Supported Windows servers 2003, and 2008. • Worked with Active  Directory by creating users, groups, email forwarding, resetting passwords, and managing workstations on the domain. • Helped with server outages. • Configured and replaced over 80 employee computers in less  than 3 days. • Acquiring Comptia Security+ certification helped with transition into information security  department. • Handled Zero-day / general virus outbreaks and supported with resolving attack. • Traced hack  attempts to source location. • Rectified computer threats from computer viruses. • Was first contact to help  assist security / network administration department to help deal with security threats. System Administrator / Network Administrator Faison Office Products March 2012 to February 2013 • Help desk duties which consisted of installation and maintenance of 50+ PC's. • Monitored and administered  12 servers from Windows NT to Windows Server 2003. • Ran SQL scripts for reporting. • Administration of Avaya phone systems. • Monitored 8 CCTV's to check physical security. • Monitored system logs. •  Monitored system errors and network traffic. • Remote support for out of state offices. • Providing support for issues with email, Active Directory, group policies, and permissions. • Utilizing Spiceworks help desk  system for ticketing and system tracking. • Handled Zero-day / general virus outbreaks and supported with resolving attack. • Traced hack attempts to source location. • Maintained backup support via Symantec  Backup Exec and NT Backup. Network / Help Desk Technician OPTIMUM NETWORKING December 2011 to February 2012 Remote operations support for multiple clients using tools such as ConnectWise and Atlas. Working with  Windows Server 2003 and 2008, SBS, Active Directory, creating / managing user accounts, configuring  email, configuring user permissions, network shares, and network configurations. In addition, monitored /  responding to network outages, building / configuration of PC's. Aircraft Maintenance Systems at US Air Force - Cannon AFB April 2002 to September 2004 Clearance Level Top Secret due to job consisting of the handling, maintenance, loading, and storing of nuclear weapons. • Load, troubleshoot, and configure all munitions and computer components for the F-16  fighter jet. Troubleshot, loaded, and armed 14 F-16 fighter jets in one day to assist in preparing for a special  operations project. • Deployed to serve in operation Iraqi Freedom during seven month time duration.  Most skilled weapons loader in two months during entry into first military installation. Participated in all  special/top secret military projects and successfully serviced all jets assigned and completed all high security  missions with zero discrepancies. Education Associates in Cyber Security University of Advancing Technology 2010 to 2012 Bachelor of Applied Science in Network Security University of Advancing Technology 2010 to 2012 Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: A1C May 2000 to May 2004 Aircraft Maintenance Systems (Weapons Loader) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA cysa+ August 2018 to August 2021 COmpTIA Cyber Security Analyst Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) September 2018 to September 2023 EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker CompTIA Security+ October 2015 to October 2018 Additional Information Skills & Expertise  Servers  Active Directory  Windows Server    Operating Systems  VPN  Windows XP  Windows 7  Network Security  Software Installation  Hardware  Windows  Troubleshooting  VMware  Computer Hardware  Wireless Networking  Computer Security  Information Security  Antivirus  Microsoft Office  Technical Support  Firewalls  TCP/IP  Help Desk Support  IP  Network Administration  Group Policy  Laptops  XP  System Administration  Data Center  Python