Information Security Risk Analyst/ Security Access Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/<span class="hl">Security</span> Access <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Risk Analyst/ Security Access Analyst - BMO Harris Chicago, IL SUMMARY    Energetic individual with five years of experience in operations risk, Sarbanes-Oxley ( IT audit), and credit analysis. Job experiences include credit union analyst and bank auditing. Work Experience Information Security Risk Analyst/ Security Access Analyst BMO Harris June 2015 to Present • BMO Harris is recognized as one of the largest banks in the Midwest that serves personal, commercial, and affluent customers.  • Regularly supported business owners and various staff with registration, error checking, and review of BMA's (Business Managed Application)  • Used ISO & NIST frameworks to the environment to identify, escalate, and facilitate the remediation of gaps  • Performed ISO 27001 checklist standards to review business units/applications  • Provided input regarding the identification of internal controls necessary to mitigate inherent risks  • Provide reasonable extensions for remediation for teams in order to meet closure deadlines  • Ensured that evidence provided by owners is consistent with IT control and framework standards  • Created documents providing examples of adequate control evidence  • Conducted risk assessments on various Lines of Business (LOB)  • Acted as team lead for interns during preliminary round of quality assessment  • Ensured that segregation of duty (SOD) roles are properly administered  • Produced reports detailing information on request regarding assessable units, focal points, and BMA status  • Provided the required access to Archer Database on request to specified BMO staff  • Conducted the appropriate follow up of issues identified through the risk assessment process or audits/examinations  • Participated in joint meetings where high profile risk cases are flagged and resolution process can be determined  • Functioned as expert in determining findings from observations, and associated risk levels  • Provided input to stakeholder regarding emerging issues and interpretation of remediation plan(s)  • Conducted training sessions with stakeholders on assessable units, reporting, and compliance  • Assisted BMA Governance department with identification of BMA & assessable units no longer needed for production  • Consistently brought IT security best practices to identify data owners, custodians, approvers, and approvers along with managing all related documentation and records in an appropriate manner IT Auditor/Information Security Access Analyst Abbott January 2015 to May 2015 • Abbott is a global corporation which invests in the advancement of human healthcare.  • Gathered and formatted date necessary to conduct recertification using Abbott specific tools  • Performed status reviews in order to identify discrepancies and initiate corrections  • Managed email communications for issues and concerns  • Ensure that system owners correctly process timely removal or modification  • Data assurance for identity and change management  • Generated daily reports for manager review  • Routine use of Sarbanes-Oxley for change & identity management analysis  • Planned and executed IT audits of domestic and international customers  • Execution of information systems audits, including data privacy, data security or network security  • Usage of GAA remediation tool combined with V-lookup in Excel to discover discrepancies  • Collaborated with ticketing system to determine system gaps and laps in performance  • Routine usage of active directory (AD) to determine & assign access level or groups  • Database analysis regularly reviewing global customer base Internal Audit Internal Audit April 2013 to August 2013 MILLIMAN  Company profile: Milliman is a large international, independent actuarial and consulting firm which operates globally.  • Recorded and maintained segregation of duty (SOD) for various business groups  • Manage IT related business risks  • Assisted business owners to develop and implement new controls or control enhancements to ensure compliance with updated regulations  • Manage request for proposal (RFP)  • Bridge communication between internal and external stakeholders  • Quality assessment, measurement, integration, improvement, incident management, and risk management  • Read support documents, past incident records  • Assisted direct reports with process improvement analysis  • Conducted reviews of IT audit disaster recovery plans  • Conduct internal reviews, and identify control deficiencies  • Facilitated completion of risk assessments in accordance with established policies and procedures  • Assisted with performing risk assessments and design analysis on investment processes  • Collaborated with other departments to ensure IT SOX environment complies with business requirements  • Performed walk-through of business and IT processes  • Determined access levels for system users  • Records and user access management  • Developed and implement an internal review program to be performed on business units control procedures and processes  • Assisted in preparation of audit materials for external clients  • Assisted in the resolution of audit findings through analysis, problem determination and development of cost effective solutions  • Physical security and emergency response reviews  • Develop, review, and communicate security policies and procedures Contract Auditor Internal Audit December 2012 to March 2013 HSBC  Company profile: HSBC Holdings is one of the leading commercial banks on the global scale.  ? Assist business units with the development of action plan(s) to close gaps identified during control reviews  ? Security of information, processing, infrastructure and applications  • Obtain control verification from business owners to ensure control environment is accurate  • Regularly documented tasks and procedures for compliance  • Delivery of IT services in line with business requirements  • IT compliance and support for business compliance with external laws and regulations  • Performed root cause analysis on identified risk events to recommend improvements and reoccurrence  • Monitored implementation of action plans to address risks of various levels and types  • Assisted management with research and implementation responsibilities  • Operational risk policy review and enhancement  • Sat on coalition of multiple departments to analyze and determine risk events  • Assisted in performing risk assessments and controls analysis on process of investment  • Assist in the post-audit follow up to determine adequacy of corrective actions take  • Maintain documentation pertaining to testing summaries, results of reviews, and write-up findings  • Extensively worked with projects on system development life cycle (SDLC)  • Evaluated data for accuracy and completeness, applying knowledge of customer specific rules for processing CREDIT ANALYST BAXTER December 2010 to June 2012 Company profile: Baxter International Inc. (Baxter) is a global, healthcare equipment manufacturing company.  ? Usage of big data to gather and modify client data  ? Assisted project managers to develop plans for project execution  ? Provide quality customer service and support and assist with problem resolution and escalation services  ? Maintain high quality of service that constantly meets or exceeds demands  ? Operational risk policy review and enhancement  ? Conducted reviews of IT audit disaster recovery plans  ? Interfaced with frontline staff to review data integrity along with risk assessment  • Performed walk-through of business and IT processes  • Participated in all procedures necessary to ensure the safety of information systems assets and protect systems from all non necessary access  • Facilitated completion of risk assessments in accordance with established policies and procedures  ? Assisted in the administration of information security practice through development  ? Assisted in developing risk assessments for critical IT business processes, and assisted in preparing related audit plans Education BA in Marketing-Communication DePaul University - Chicago, IL Information Systems Harold Washington College - Chicago, IL Additional Information KEY SKILLS  ? Experience with technical documentation  ? Business owner compliance reviews  ? Fluid use of Archer for reporting purposes  ? Develop, implement SOX documentation  ? Proficient in Oracle  ? Operational risk policy review and enhancement    ? Experience with SSAE 16 reports  ? Control impact assessment analysis  ? Participated in compilation of IT updates  ? Function as team lead to meet deadlines  ? Presentations regarding risk framework to senior staff  ? Proficient with Archer Database (Data Governance Tool)  ? Routine use of ISO and NIST frameworks    PROFESSIONAL