Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Identity access management Charlotte, NC Experienced Internal IT support, and Security Analyst. Working with users on a daily basis; assisting, and solving technical issues with account access, networking and computer equipment. Demonstrated expertise in troubleshooting access management, computer issues, as well as many different roles in a technical environment, including Identity and Access Management, and security processes. Experience assisting with collaborative solutions, and content management solutions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst TIAA Bank - Charlotte, NC February 2018 to Present Provisioning accounts with requested privileged access, after approval was given.  - Working with application/platform owners to apply security controls.  - Troubleshoot access issues, to ensure end users were able to perform job functions.  - Terminating account access, to ensure no breach in security happened, after termination of employees.  - Granting access to network drives, and folders ensuring that users have only the necessary access needed.  - Provide full account lifecycle management, and privilege access provisioning in UNIX/LINUX  - Approving AD group changes, to ensure that users have the correct access to perform job functions.  - Granting privileged access across multiple systems that users are required to use.  - RACF privileged account creation  - RACF table entries  - RBAC implementation and testing  - RBAC provisioning  - Sailpoint integration, testing, and deprovisioning of access  - Creating SOP documentation  - Remediation of Active Directory security groups, and OU’s  - Active Directory group creation and deletion  - Using splunk for last logon for privileged accounts  - Using splunk for windows sources  - Ensure applications and platforms adhere to security standards. Identity access management Insight Global August 2017 to Present Provisioning accounts with requested privileged access, after approval was given.  - Troubleshoot access issues, to ensure end users were able to perform job functions.  - Terminating account access, to ensure no breach in security happened, after termination of employees.  - Granting access to network drives, and folders ensuring that users have only the necessary access needed.  - SQL database queries, to aid in editing of SQL tables.  - Creating documentation for the correct process in grating folder permissions  - Approving AD group changes, to ensure that users have the correct access to perform job functions.  - Granting privileged access across multiple systems that users are required to use.  - Okta account creation  - Okta access trouble shooting  - Office 365, mailbox management, and troubleshooting mailbox issues on the cloud.  - Exchange management, with on-prem exchange server with the hybrid office 365 environment.  - SharePoint  - LDAP permissions, granting, and revoking access for users to maintain security. Help Desk Engineer I Freedom Financial Network January 2016 to August 2017 Maintain users in Active Directory, with account creation and account termination.  - Using splunk for last logon for privileged accounts  - Maintaining objects in Active Directory, ensuring AD objects are in the correct container and have correct groups  - Project management ensuring projects get done in an efficient, and timely manner.  - Training of new helpdesk employees when new team members were added to the helpdesk  - Traveling to corporate office to provide needed coverage  - Executive support for VP’s, and owners of the company  - Onboarding of new employees granting needed access, and account creation.  - Add/remove permissions in AD to ensure correct level of access based on roles.  - Join laptops, and desktops to the domain  - Root cause analysis with VM machines  - Create computer images for WDS server to aid in quicker device deployment.  - Trouble shoot network issues to ensure proper connectivity for users.  - Configuring VOIP features and devices  - Troubleshooting VOIP softphones  - Asset management, to ensure accurate stock is on hand, and ensure all equipment is accounted for.  - Maintaining ticket queue to ensure tickets are handled with the proper priority  - Working with Microsoft Exchange  - Assisting in Service Now implementation, and troubleshooting issues with Service Now  - Remote assistance across multiple buildings, to provide complete site coverage.  - Password management  - Using splunk for network events  - Troubleshoot VPN connection issues ensure proper connectivity for remote users  - System troubleshooting, to ensure users are able to perform job functions.  - Assisting in network issues with the network team, to ensure network issues are resolved quickly  - Patching network cables in server room to ensure network connection  - Creating user profiles in VOIP system for use of phones  - Setup workstations  - Provided solutions to customer requests for assistance in resolving hardware, and software problems IT Specialist Endurance International Group December 2014 to December 2015 Maintain users in Active Directory, with account creation and account termination.  - Add/remove permissions in AD to ensure correct level of access based on roles.  - Join laptops, and desktops to the domain  - Root cause analysis for network issues and incidents  - Create computer images for WDS server to aid in quicker device deployment.  - Trouble shoot network issues to ensure proper connectivity for users.  - Configuring VOIP features and devices  - Troubleshooting VOIP softphones  - Updating internal knowledge base information to aid in quicker troubleshooting, and user training  - Creating Linux systems and adding them to the domain  - Asset management, to ensure accurate stock is on hand, and ensure all equipment is accounted for.  - Troubleshooting AV equipment issues pertaining to tv’s, audio, and projector issues.  - Maintaining ticket queue to ensure tickets are handled with the proper priority  - Managing roaming profiles  - Troubleshoot VPN connection issues ensure proper connectivity for remote users  - Creating distribution groups  - Working in Google Admin  - Working with Microsoft Exchange  - Remote assistance across multiple buildings, to provide complete site coverage.  - Password management  - System troubleshooting, to ensure users are able to perform job functions.  - Assisting in network issues with the network team, to ensure network issues are resolved quickly  - Group management in Active Directory  - Provided solutions to customer requests for assistance in resolving hardware, and software problems Tier 2 Help desk support AT&T February 2014 to December 2014 - Set up POP3 SMTP mail clients  - Troubleshoot Motorola and 2 wire modems  - Configure network equipment  - Access, and provide feedback and updates, for internal SharePoint  - Trouble shoot network issues to ensure proper connectivity for users.  - configuring VOIP features and devices  - Troubleshooting VOIP equipment  - Updating internal knowledge base information hosted on SharePoint 2007  - Troubleshooting network equipment  - Assisting in network issues with the network team, to ensure network issues are resolved quickly  - Provided solutions to customer requests for assistance in resolving hardware, and software problems Randstad Contractor Wells Fargo September 2013 to February 2014 Help Desk and BBG (Business Banking Group) help desk  Help desk support for Wells Fargo branches, and Business Banking Group.  Troubleshoot network equipment  Configure network devices  Configure network printers  Troubleshoot network printeers  Oracle database password/access assistance  Migration from win XP to Win 7  Network access security (endpoint checkpoint security)  Managing domain profiles  Provided solutions to customer requests for assistance in resolving hardware, and software problems  Installing and configuring applications and software  Updated and troubleshoot Symantec Endpoint Protection  Troubleshoot VPN connection issues  Manage VPN profiles  Manage Citrix profiles (application server)  Manage roaming profiles  Remote desktop services  Troubleshoot etwork file share  Install and configure Verizon Mifi devices and software  Activating VPN tokens  Updating internal knowledge base information hosted on sharepoint 2007  Assisted in content management (web based) Randstad Contractor Statefarm Insurance May 2012 to June 2013 Unified Connections VOIP support Help Desk  Troubleshoot Cisco VOIP equipment  Troubleshoot integrated VOIP software  Updating internal knowledge base information hosted on sharepoint 2007  Troubleshoot VOIP network issues  Updating internal SharePoint site for internal use Education Bachelor's degree in Cyber security programming DeVry University 2014 to 2017 Skills Microsoft (8 years), VOIP (5 years), Active Directory (6 years), Mac OS X (5 years), Linux (4 years), Networking (5 years), Routers (6 years), Windows (7 years), Cyber Security (3 years), It Security (4 years), Information Security (5 years), Security, HTML, access, Cisco Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/brittany-buford-0269a2122 Certifications/Licenses HDI Desktop Support Technician July 2017 to Present