Proprietor/Operator Proprietor/Operator Portsmouth, OH IT professional with experience implementing and supporting cutting-edge  technologies. Diverse background with strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.  Seeking a dynamic organization with room to grow in a vibrant environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Proprietor/Operator Superior Computing and Electronics - Portsmouth, OH March 2017 to Present Sole proprietor and operator of an e-commerce retail storefront primarily offering  technology products and services, grossing six figure annual revenues. Responsible for all aspects of business, including purchasing, marketing, fulfillment, customer service, accounting, etc. Systems Support Specialist/Instructor Shawnee State University - Portsmouth, OH September 2015 to March 2017 Collaborated with a close-knit team to provide campus-wide IT support for ~500  employees and ~3,500 students. Primary responsibilities included desktop, laptop, networking, and printer support. Unique duties included designation as team specialist  for Apple/Mac systems and Media/Instructional Technologies such as Teleconferencing, Distance Learning, Smartboards, etc. Assisted deployment and integration of Oracle ERP Cloud systems. Also acted as Instructor for two sections of Computer Hardware & Python Programming for Upward Bound Math/Science outreach program. Systems Administrator/HIPAA Security Officer Proactive Occupational Medicine / Brown Safety Services - Wheelersburg, OH February 2014 to September 2015 Primary IT contact for ~100 nurses and industrial hygiene technicians at over 20 remote industrial sites across 11 states. Installed, configured, & maintained mission-critical systems and infrastructure, ensuring high availability, connectivity, reliability, and security for all sites. Deployed Server 2012 R2 Active Directory domain, providing valuable features for users and ease of management. Consolidated multiple physical servers via Hyper-V  virtualization, reducing capital expenditure on hardware and operating costs.  Standardized hardware for ease of inventory, purchasing, and support. Assisted with design, deployment, training, and support of PrognoCIS medical records system. Inventory/asset tracking and medical records via SQL Server Express 2014. Created and maintained company website and intranet portal, providing employees and clients with centralized access to frequently used resources, training, and updates. Completed training as HIPAA Security Officer, ensuring compliance where applicable. IT Contractor Franklin Furnace Pharmacy - Franklin Furnace, OH January 2013 to January 2014 Provided on-call IT support and solutions as needed. Collaborated with multiple teams for ScriptPro CRS platform installation, configuration, and integration. Increased network  speed nearly ten-fold with CAT6 Ethernet installation and Cisco SMB Gigabit Ethernet  devices. Certified On-Site Technician Staples, Inc - Portsmouth, OH January 2012 to December 2012 Performed on-site computer, printer, and networking services for local businesses.  Provided in-store PC services and phone support for retail customers. Acted as subcontracted remote support technician through Support.com. Junior IT Technician Vinyl Kraft Windows - Portsmouth, OH October 2010 to September 2011 Provided end-user technical support for administrative offices and configured/maintained servers, network, and various computerized manufacturing equipment. Contract e-Discovery Analyst Cardinal Health, Inc - Dublin, OH April 2010 to August 2010 Provided electronic discovery, including identification, analysis, and collation of documents relevant to legal matters. Contract IT Support Specialist J P Morgan Chase - Westerville, OH August 2009 to November 2009 Remotely directed and supported on-site technicians and bank branch staff during Washington Mutual-to-Chase conversion. IT Intern Southern Ohio Medical Center - Portsmouth, OH April 2009 to August 2009 Assisted IT staff with daily responsibilities including desktop, laptop, printer, and networking support. Gained familiarity with various medical technologies and  terminology. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration & Information Systems Management Shawnee State University - Portsmouth, OH Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Adobe Creative Suite (3 years), Scrum (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ IT Professional Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Microsoft Technology Associate Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT) Lenovo Certified Self-Maintaner