Sr. Network Security Engineer (Genpact Sr. Network <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer (Genpact Sr. Network Security Engineer (Genpact - Cox Communications Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Network Security Engineer (Genpact Cox Communications October 2018 to Present Projects:  • Enterprise firewall OS upgrade project – 7.1.X > 8.1.7  • Enterprise firewall hardware upgrade project – 5050 > 5260.  • Enterprise decryption deployment project.  • Enterprise security policy clean-up/audit project.  • Palo Alto App + Threat monthly cadence project.  • Global Protect (vpn) portal redundancy project.  Day-to-Day:  • Administer/Configure security rules via Panorama and/or local Palo Alto Firewalls.  • Utilize Wireshark, Splunk and other tools as needed to assist in root cause analysis. Network Security Engineer (Tier-2 MS) Burwood Group April 2017 to October 2018 • Administer/Configure security rules via Panorama and/or local Palo Alto Firewalls.  • Maintain up-to-date PAN-OS version on devices.  • Utilize Wireshark to TShoot endpoint layer 4 connectivity issues.  • Recover and assist configuring Palo Alto Firewalls.  • Serve as escalation point for tier-1 Noc.  • Mentor and develop tier-1 resources.  • Provide incident management reactionary support on a 24/7 basis.  • Serve as a route/switch resource when needed Network Engineer Conversant November 2015 to March 2017 • Build & provide daily operational support within five major data centers comprised of Palo Alto, Cisco and Dell Force 10 devices.  • Assist with maintaining office infrastructure, handling office projects and ticket escalations from the NOC.  • Monitor protocol compatibility, perform system tuning and make recommendations for improvements as needed.  • Deployment of infrastructure network technologies consistent with corporate standards and in collaboration with Enterprise IT architects  • Maintain documentation in a team effort to ensure accuracy via the company's internal Wiki.  • Provide 24x7x365 support. Network Engineer SGK September 2014 to November 2015 • Administer security rules via Panorama and/or local Palo Alto Firewalls.  • Build & provide daily operational support for LAN's, WLAN's, WAN's and data center networks comprised of Palo Alto, Juniper and Cisco core and edge devices for a global enterprise network across 50+ worldwide locations  • Assist with planning, forecasting, implementation, and identification of resource requirements for network systems.  •Monitor protocol compatibility, perform system tuning and make recommendations for improvements as needed.  • Configure test and manage critical network WAN - MPLS infrastructure across an international network.  • Support core network devices including firewalls, routers, switches and Access Points. Network Engineer (Contract Walgreens January 2014 to September 2014 - Insight Global)    • Configuration of Cisco Switches: 2950, 2960, 2960S, 3550, 3560.  • Configuration of Cisco Routers: 2691, 2821, 2921, 3460, 3660, 3725, 7200  • Configuration, installation and integration of Cisco VoIP IP Phones & services.  • MPLS & Frame Relay Circuit troubleshooting.  • Cisco IOS upgrades.  • Layer 1-3 troubleshooting  • Network cutovers. IT Support Technician Thornton Tomasetti August 2012 to January 2014 • Provide Level 1/2 support for 125 users onsite and 700+ remote users across continents for both PC/Mac via phone & remote access according to SLA's.  • Serve as main contact/tech for Mac users in the company.  • Imaging machines with Windows Deployment Services and deploying software via GPO.  • Ensure all tickets are closed following company security, standards, procedures and guidelines. Technical Support Analyst Critical Mass March 2010 to May 2012 • Provided Level 1/2 support to 200 users onsite and 100 remote users for both Mac & PC.  • Maintained user accounts and group mailboxes in MS Exchange and Active Directory via remote desktop.  • Maintained organization of server/ network hardware via server and network closet.  • Maintained IT loaners list. (Blackberry, iPhone, iPad, Android tablets, Android phones, Laptops, Verizon Aircards). Field Warranty Technician (Contract Dell December 2009 to March 2010 - Unisys)    • Provide on-site tech support to include installation, maintenance and repairs of desktops, laptops, and peripherals.  • Resolve customer issues using superior customer service and communication skills.  • Track and insure return of all parts. Hardware Technician (Contract Quest Diagnostics November 2009 to December 2009 - Insight Global)    • Refreshing high volume of machines for the client using remote data capture and a series of manual application installs.  • Un-boxing and adding machines to the companies' domain.  • Asset management tasks and deploying new machines to the work area. Education Diploma in Computer Networking Computer Systems Institute 2009 to 2010 Additional Information Specialties Summary:    Network Security: Palo Alto Firewalls, Firewall Policies, VPN - Global Protect, Splunk, Wireshark, Cisco ASA.    IT Services: SLA's, ITIL v3 Foundations, Ticketing Systems, Procurement/Inventory, Change Control,  Incident Resolution, Root Cause Analysis, Documentation Creation.    Network Support Switching: Cisco IOS, Nexus, Dell Force 10, CatOS, LAN's, WANs, SNMP, Layer 2 Design, Access Points.    Network Support Routing: Cisco IOS, Dell Force 10, WAN's, GNS3, WireShark, Routing Protocols (RIP, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP), TCP/IP, Subnetting, Netflow, Network Analysis, Virtual-Links, IPv4 Redistribution, Policy Routing, WLC/vWLC.