Independent IT Contractor Independent <span class="hl">IT</span> Contractor Independent IT Contractor - McCormick & Associates LLC Pocatello, ID Work Experience Independent IT Contractor McCormick & Associates LLC - Pocatello, ID March 2016 to Present Providing Base IT Support for programming contracts.    Providing thorough support and problem resolution for customers.    Being Mentored by current engineer learning SQL and Visual Studio.    Developing and maintaining positive customer relationships. IT Help Desk Analyst CRI ADVANTAGE - Idaho Falls, ID September 2017 to June 2018 I provide IT Help desk support for Idaho National Lab employees, as well as the US Department of Energy, and its  contractors.    I work with Group Policy management, VDI, ServiceNow, Active Directory permissions, providing admin rights, as well as installing, and troubleshooting Engineering, INL Standard, and non-standard software.    I work with LANDESK, and I'm responsible for patching, and fixing vulnerabilities, to keep user's computer's  compliant with government regulation, as well as managing VPN and its access, as well as the proxy server    I work closely with Cyber Security, DHS, Network Technicians, DOE, and many others providing these services Licensed Sales Producer PETERSON AGENCY - Boise, ID September 2016 to December 2016 I'm a licensed sales producer, working inside Peterson Toyota Allstate. Providing customer service for 2 of our agency  locations. I handle all customer needs. My job duties are Answering the phone, taking payments, as well as offering  insurance to all Peterson customer's looking to buy a car, as well as any other possible customer prospects, that I can  build a lasting relationship with. Technical Support/ Remote Network Assistance Rise Broadband - Pocatello, ID November 2015 to May 2016 I Provided base level IT and networking support to customers.    Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills.    Displayed courtesy and strong interpersonal skills with all customer interactions.    Supported customers having data connectivity issues.    Researched issues on various computer systems and databases to resolve complaints and answer inquiries. Security Officer Securitas USA - Pocatello, ID May 2015 to September 2015 Contract security for On Semiconductor    Patrolled industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs of intrusion and ensure security of doors,  windows and gates.    Issued security badges and visitor passes to all guests.    Continuously monitored security cameras and fire, building and alarm systems.    Addressed customer service inquiries in a timely and accurate fashion.    Patrolled the facility and served as a general security presence and visible deterrent to crime and rule infractions. Extra Hands Specialist Allstate Insurance - Chubbuck, ID February 2013 to June 2014 Part of first team to pilot Extra Hands for Allstate Insurance    Appointed Subject Matter Expert for writing QA's for Extra Hands Team    Maintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations.    Handled Multiple call types including 800 Allstate-Agency Calls- Michican No Fauls plans.    Built and maintained successful relationships with service providers, dealers and consumers. Team Support Specialist Case Managment - Pocatello, ID June 2011 to August 2012 Case Management Advanced Technical Resolution team.    Special training in handling all Directv Advanced Networking and tv issues.    Working on an average of 50 special cases a day while being able to multi task.    Very strong critical thinking and soft skills.    ***Promoted to Team Support Specialist Coaching new 90 day agents.    Handling all supervisor calls for entire call floor.    Superior soft skills and de-escalation methods.    Built relationships with customers on a personal level. Education GED in General Idaho State University - Pocatello, ID 2007 GED Idaho State University