Retail Support Contractor Retail Support Contractor Systems Support Admin Phoenix, AZ Skills sets and experience consists of 10 years of General Call center (External and Internal Customer Support), Onsite Level 1-3 Help desk Administration, Remote and Onsite Systems Support Administration, (No Server Support yet) Some advanced Network troubleshooting. Active Directory and Exchange Domain administration along with over 4 years of Citrix Receiver and other Virtualization Administration. Have a broad range of specialized skills as well, such as ID and Account management with various Advanced Domain Admin consoles and PowerShell tools experience. Can be trained on unfamiliar/Proprietary systems quickly. Have some Linux/UNIX virtualization self-training experience in VMware Workstation player 14. This was accomplished by following online tutorials and blogs to completion. Built a LAMP Stack and Single Master Node Apache Hadoop on Open SUSE and Cent OS server flavors, added Nagios to monitor activities on both server setups Work Experience Retail Support Contractor Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ July 2016 to July 2018 Remote Systems Support Admin - SSG 3rd level TC Support - Community Banking Technology  ? Works with a 9-member team of other Nationwide remote admins, mostly in NC  ? Provide support using RDP to over 1000 branches Nationwide  ? Heavy Store Vision Domain administration along with various other tools such as PowerShell tools, AD, DHR, Remote XML Host Scan tool and various advanced CMD line for Network diagnostics  ? Heavy Data Engineering/Management with mostly Script based installers and uninstallers and MSI  ? Works closely with Technology Connections 1st and 2nd level for ticket resolution  ? Supports HP Field Technicians that are dispatched by TC 2nd level for onsite support to all branches by way of a page system that send email alerts  ? Works closely with QA teams that are testing out newer versions of Peripheral Store Vision hardware and software    Express Scripts DOD TPHARM Contractor LAN Technician National Field Services PC - Tempe, AZ July 2015 to February 2016 Work with various onsite teams at primary Tempe sites for all Customer facing Office Users and Robotic Pharmacy radio calls pertaining to various issues that encompass Heavy Applications Suite Support, Laptops, Desktops, Printers, Network issues, Scanners and unique software driven Robotics for Pharmacy Dispensing and order fulfillments worldwide  ? Working with an IT team of 4 on dayshift and 2-night shift Technicians in a 22 hours a day operation  ? Occasionally perform PC refresh and Asset management Projects at 2 other sites in the Tempe area depending on deadlines and Management/Company needs Technology Support Service Administrator Early Warning Services - Scottsdale, AZ December 2014 to May 2015 Provide Onsite and Remote support for 400+ users with a team of 5 supporting Laptop-Desktop break/fix, Juniper VPN, Network/ Local printers and heavy application support including Microsoft Office suites 2010 and 2013, Full line of Cisco products, Full line of Symantec products and various QA and Developer application suites such as MS Studio 2010, HP ALM, Fortify, Eclipse and Intellij Idea Jet Brain  ? Heavy Domain administration within several consoles as follows: AD, Vintella ADUC, Exchange, RSA, Juniper Networks, Symantec (SEP, Encryption, Altiris agent), Verizon Business iPhone management, Random Password Manager, Cisco Unified (Voicemail resets only) and MDM Mobile Iron Admin  ? Perform remote and local software installations/configurations using Altiris Endpoint software deployment, Goto Assist Expert, WebEx Meeting and RDP along with Licensing and Activation  ? Limited SharePoint Site Admin experience for all internal Team sites IT Service Desk Technician Epiq Systems Inc - Phoenix, AZ April 2014 to July 2014 Provided various Onsite support for 150+ users in a Global Legal Data Community including PC/LAN break fix issues as well as various Network and Access troubleshooting  ? Assisted with New hire setups involving Network account creation in Active Directory and Exchange server as well Lync Admin console and RSA software token console  ? Configured New Hire and PC refresh machines with SCCM imaging tools and rendered various applications support even for in-house applications  ? Cloned Hard drives using Acronis True image as well supported MS Bit Locker Drive encryption Information Security Analyst 2 Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ October 2013 to April 2014 Attended various Meetings/Conferences (LiveMeeting and Bridge line) with all members of the ACT Application Onboarding Project teams to input status, discuss Document/SharePoint updating if needed, analyze checklists of Project progress, Discuss modifications to Project Planning and Improvements for file quality.  ? Amongst a team of Remote Information Security Analysts, Business Systems Consultants, Project Managers and Technology Managers, we assist in the coordination of various phases of Application Data file validation, Plain business language application description feeds, Database feeds and Implementation in both Production and QA Environments (handled by Engineers and Developers using NDM + tools). Contractor Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ December 2011 to November 2012 Chandler, AZ 12/11 to 11/12  ? On a team of numerous remote ISA/Administrators and Work flow coordinators that work in other states across the nation. We coordinated our efforts in PC/LAN break-fix issues and mainly requesting computer equipment, software implementation and Network access and Building Access needs to all of the Wholesale banking division of the Enterprise.  ? In addition to using multiple web based ticketing applications such as BMC Remedy/PAC2000 and BOTS (Business online ticketing system), there is also 6 primary web based Access Request Systems including IBM Tivoli (TIM) that are utilized as well.  ? The need for communication by Email, IM and Phone calls to management and requesters is very frequent both inbound and outbound to attempt creating a seamless delay in completion of requests.    Apollo Group -University of Phoenix, Teleflex Project/ Level 3 Help Desk Systems Administrator Asset Control Management Dept - Phoenix, AZ June 2011 to August 2011 Provided assistance with receiving and imaging new PC's, Laptops and miscellaneous technology assets in the ACM storage area for reconditioning and redeployment for other installer teams/ IT Depts.  ? Assisted with Tier 3 Onsite and remote support for all members of the Organization  ? Provided configuration support, shipping and Deployment of Aruba routers and Avaya 1X IP phones for the Teleflex Project  ? Assisted with New hire and PC Refresh setups as needed for 30 campus and administrative sites in the greater Phoenix area  ? Standby support for onsite desktop and networking needs for laptops, desktops and network printers for students and staff Technical Services Specialist, Contractor Wells Fargo - Chandler, AZ February 2009 to April 2010 The role entailed receiving internal only helpdesk calls, 30-70 per day, pertaining to password resets and various corporate internal logins for all Wells Fargo contractors and full time employees.  ? Further support training later involved general Desktop and Networking break/fix assistance for mainly Retail bank branches for application support and limited server support along with a wide use of IBM Tivoli(TIM), Active Directory, Exchange Server to assist users in QA and test environments for pilot Databases and applications  ? Provided Access support to internal Mortgage Bankers using Mainframe tools such as CPI and FDR  ? Used terminal services for remote login into 2003 Exchange Server for shared email account administration  ? Was responsible for routing calls for upper level support to other internal helpdesks as well as escalate to Access Management, who is responsible for the ART engineering and development DISH Network/EchoStar Call Center TSR-3 - Phoenix, AZ July 2008 to October 2008 Received inbound calls from field techs and predominantly customers, 30-70 a day, for various issues revolving around DISH Network equipment internal and external of the customer's residence  ? The requirements were an in depth understanding of multiple versions of receivers' functionality, software and programming set on the account to render an accurate diagnosis and resolution to all issues  ? The position also entails the use of various in-house windows software tools and database reference sites  ? Add and remove to accounts any programming, as well as making billing adjustment Advanced Tier 2 Technical Support Contractor AT&T Uverse Division - Mesa, AZ November 2007 to June 2008 Responsible for inbound calls,30-70 a day, from customers and various departments specific to Uverse installation and repair, PC/Lan break fix of most OS and computers  ? First call resolution is a priority to ensure customer satisfaction  ? Utilized various specialized software diagnostic tools to support customers, I&R Technicians, MLAC agents, Tier 1 agents and Sales department  ? Assist with information on how to restore connections and services  ? Responsible for dispatching for repairs, creating or changing orders in a system called OMS for the devices to function at the member's premise  ? Take ownership of calls that pertain to the escalation of issues to higher level departments via email templates and call transfers as needed. CSR DISH Network/EchoStar Call Center TSR-3 - Mesa, AZ March 2007 to November 2007 Handled calls within a broad range of issues, including billing inquiries, refund requests, upgrade information, design related problems and email requests of various information lists that we have available to any of our clients  ? Utilized components of Microsoft Office as a system necessity, to analyze and alter any of the various client accounts that are called about each day  ? All representatives make common use of the internet, being that our client accounts, websites and administrative software for the staff are projected in this way with password protection PC/LAN Technician Contractor 2Wire Call Center- AT&T Tier - Tempe, AZ January 2007 to March 2007 Supported all ADSL AT&T customers over the phone Remotely as a level 1 Technician for Computer and Network connectivity issues and outages, (Non Uverse customers)  ? Escalated advanced technical issues to upper level depts. Per the ticketing system CRM and warm transfers Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, DNS, ENCRYPTION, EXCHANGE, NETWORKING, REMEDY, TIVOLI, VIRTUALIZATION, BACK END, CITRIX, DHCP, LDAP, VM, VMWARE, VPN, RSA, SSO, DEPLOYMENT, ALTIRIS