Cybersecurity Consultant Cybersecurity Consultant Cybersecurity Consultant Quincy, IL Work Experience Cybersecurity Consultant AGIO - New York, NY 2018 to 2019 New York, NY 2018 - 2019  Nationwide provider of integrated managed IT and cybersecurity services for the healthcare, financial services, and payment processing industries.  Cybersecurity Consultant  Capitalized on knowledge of NIST, GDPR, HITRUST, and SEC compliance standards to perform security risk assessments for clients in the healthcare and finance sectors. Supported client-based operations, routinely providing guidance and insight on policy review and development, performing virtual CISO activities, conducting peer review of internal consultant reports, leading security awareness seminars and evaluating vendors to create comprehensive reviews.  Select Accomplishments:  • Created a scorecard for utilization in conjunction with the performance of client tabletop exercises to enable the consultants to more effectively and consistently evaluate client risk.  • Retained existing clients and establishing new clients through a combination of value-added services, customer service, and subject matter expertise. Security Analyst BLUEORANGE COMPLIANCE - Dublin, OH 2017 to 2018 Dublin, OH 2017 - 2018  Compliance services provider specializing in customized privacy and security solutions for the healthcare industry.  Security Analyst  Worked independently and collaboratively to conduct on-site and virtual security risk assessments based on NIST and HITRUST standards for healthcare clients utilizing various types of PHI. Performed technical analysis of network environments using BeyondTrust (Retina).  Select Accomplishments:  • Implemented process improvements, including the development of a comprehensive assessment tool enabling all consultants to streamline and more accurately perform physical site evaluations for diverse clients.  • Consistently delivered exceptional customer service and analyzed individual client needs to successfully upsell services and generate new clients through referrals. Senior IT Security Analyst LORICCA, INC - Tampa, FL 2014 to 2017 Tampa, FL 2014 - 2017  Leading IT security compliance provider delivering more than 15 years of security risk assessments and related services for clients in the healthcare, retail, finance, and manufacturing industries.  Senior IT Security Analyst  Served as an integral part of a team conducting security risk assessments for clients ranging in size from localized small businesses to full-scale operations with more than 10K employees. Conducted interviews in conjunction with on-site observations and testing to assess organizations handling or storing ePHI based on NIST, HIPAA, HITRUST, and PCI standards. Performed technical analysis of network infrastructure utilizing tools including BeyondTrust (Retina), Nessus, and Core Impact. Information Security Officer BLESSING HOSPITAL 2011 to 2013 Advanced from the position of Security and Compliance Analyst based on exception job performance, transitioning to a management role overseeing all information security activities. Reviewed, established, and enforced hospital-wide policies governing IT assets, in conjunction with monitoring and maintaining PCI and HIPAA compliance. Oversaw the hospital's disaster recovery initiatives and performance of internal security risk assessments, remediating security risk findings, and investigating security incidents as needed. Security/Compliance Analyst BLESSING HOSPITAL 2009 to 2011 Administered and monitored hospital-wide security and compliance systems inclusive of Symantec Endpoint Protection, Symantec Data Loss Protection, Symantec Endpoint Encryption, FairWarning audit software, MobileIron smartphone management, BlueCoat web filtering, Qualys vulnerability scanning, and Securelink vendor remote access. Continuously monitored and assessed potential risks, assisting with the remediation of findings identified during security risk assessments, performing supplemental security investigations, and investigating security exception requests to maintain data integrity and minimize system downtime. Education Bachelor's Degree in Urban and Regional Planning in Urban and Regional Planning University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - Urbana-Champaign, IL Links http://linkedin.com/in/tom-mason-70848718 Certifications/Licenses CISSP November 2012 to November 2021 Additional Information Key Qualifications    IT Security Risk Assessments  Compliance Remediation  Performance Management  Payroll Practices & Timelines  Technical Analysis  HITRUST and HIPAA Compliance  Driving Process Improvement  Process - Procedures - Policies  Supporting Business Objectives  Peer Leadership  Critical Thinking - Decision Making  Virtual Chief Information Officer (vCISO)