GRCP Business Analyst / Business Process Architect /Project Lead GRCP Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> / Business Process Architect /Project Lead GRC Business Analyst / Business Process Architect - Tata Consultancy Services West Warwick, RI GRCP Business Analytics – Business Process Architecture – Project Management   Results-driven and detail oriented experienced professional Business Architectural Analyst with Senior Project Management and Lead Coordination knowledge and skill set with the ability to deliver results that exceeds corporate and unit expectations. Predictive Analytic Methodologies utilized to foresee IT and Business challenges with inductive reasoning to reduce business impact through appropriate analysis and strategic planning. A Leader who is dedicated to process, organization, analytics and results. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience GRCP Business Analyst / Business Process Architect /Project Lead Tata Consultancy Services - Detroit, MI December 2017 to Present GRCP, GRCA Analyst  Detroit, MI & Charlotte, NC   Ally Bank - Onsite & Remote  GRC Business Analyst / Project Lead  GRC Specialization  ·        RSA Archer functional / technical business analytics for Information Technology. Project lead for coordinating RCSA and Issues Management business teams with the Archer development team for requirements, requirement refinement, level of effort planning, configuration activity’s, technical design review, project artifacts and project management  ·        Coordinate User Acceptance Testing and Training  Detroit, MI & Dallas, TX   Comerica Bank – Onsite & Remote  GRC Business Analyst / Business Process Architect /Project Lead  GRC Specialization  ·        RSA Archer functional business architectural analytics for Compliance, Business Continuity and Third Party Risk Management   ·        PEGA SaaS build and migration functional business architectural analytics and project lead for platform migration from Lotus Notes. Project: CEG (Collateral Evaluation Group) and CREA (Commercial Real Estate Appraisal) Adjunct Product Owner for Pega work stream. Business Process engineering and training  ·        Business Process Architecture design for transforming manual processes into eGRC platform. Adjunct Product Owner for Archer work stream automated and efficient processes. Cross-functional teams with the Archer work stream and PEGA work stream development teams for requirements, requirement refinement, level of effort planning, configuration activity’s, technical design documentation and project artifacts, On and Off-Shore development coordination, Demo and Training modeling  ·        Project lead for the RSA Archer work streams, three tracks, Compliance, Business Continuity and Vendor Management  ·         Project lead for PEGA work streams (Two project Tracts)  Boston, MA   State Street Bank - Onsite  GRC Business Analyst / Project Lead  GRC Specialization  ·        RSA Archer functional / technical business analytics for Information Technology. Project lead for coordinating Issues Management for First Line of Defense and Compliance teams with the Archer development team for requirements, requirement refinement, level of effort planning, configuration activity’s, technical design documentation and project artifacts, On and Off-Shore coordinator.  ·        Manage & Coordinate Data Migration Activities  ·        Develop Functional End User Training Material for Issues Management; Provide Functional End User Demos for BUAT and End User training for Business Unit Champions. GRC Business Analyst GOR Solutions - Amherst, NH June 2016 to November 2016 GRC Specialization  • GRC platform integration technical analytics for workflow, layouts, reporting, notifications and workspace framework design support and integration for the Archer platform.  • Technical Analytic Layouts for risk assessments questionnaires, assessments, risk metrics and visualization- Assist in GRC program design, GRC process re-engineering or enhancements, eGRC Archer tool and technology implementation. Business Analyst / GRC Specialist Lokion - Memphis, TN August 2015 to May 2016 GRC Specialization  • Planning and implementing enterprise-level technology such as Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) software -- notably RSA Archer -- to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of client functions in the areas of governance, reporting, risk management, and compliance.  • Assist in planning and implementing related data classification schemas, workflows and reports  • Perform compliance, security and/or privacy policy traceability and reporting gap assessments  • Assess regulatory and industry compliance requirements  • Support sales, delivery, solution demonstrations, product evaluations and client support  • Participate in training and practice development activities internally and with clients  • Testable Requirements Definition and Tracking  • Document and track clients' testable business, functional and user experience requirements to ensure client expectations are consistently met.  • Elicit, document, review, edit, and otherwise communicate testable requirements to clients and teammates.  • Work closely with project stakeholders to establish and monitor required level of quality and success metrics, ensure project requirements are clearly understood and verified during testing.  • Track requirements through all stages of our projects to ensure quality delivery. Global Cyber Security eGRC (Archer) Business Analyst KForce - Dallas, TX February 2015 to July 2015 • Liaison between Global Cyber Security and the eGRC project team, leading business process design and documentation to move GCS processes into the eGRC platform, and providing business process Architecture for the Cyber Assurance team.  • Translates high-level business requirements into functional specifications for the eGRC platform and manage changes to the specifications, negotiates agreements and commitments from Solution Owner's initial requirements to final implementation  • Schedule and drive requirements gathering tasks for solutions being implemented, document requirements, formulate and define system scope and objectives. Identify and recommend process improvement. Provide guidance to the project team concerning eRisk Manager's existing solutions and related data fields, capabilities, and limitations.  • Assist with UAT testing and support aspects of the business cycle, including proposals, feasibility studies, and implementations IT Security Functional Project Manager Oncor Electric Delivery - On Site - Dallas, TX July 2014 to September 2014 • Project Manager for the integration of the Governance, Risk and Compliance tool Archer; with existing systems in a manner that facilitates established risk management and governance policies and allows department owners visibility throughout the lifecycle of the compliance process.  • Project management to include project planning, requirements gathering, driving solutions, meeting aggressive timelines, strong communication and collaboration skills with the ability to lead team members and represent team with confidence. IT Compliance Project Manager / Reporting and Metrics Analyst MetLife Bank LLC - Irving, TX May 2011 to April 2014 Irving, TX -On site & Remote  3 years of progressive growth in three different positions  IT Compliance Project Manager / Reporting and Metrics Analyst  Drove IT and Business to successfully Close-Out Bank business for MetLife  • Single Point of Contact and SME for the MetLife Bank Line of Business for IT Compliance area with respect to the management of Risk and Security finds that were reported through the RSA Archer GRC system applicable to Applications and Vendors.  • Managed clearing over 650 findings with the proper documentation to satisfy the Enterprise Risk and Audit departments. Ensured risk mitigation during the Bank closeout activities.  • Provided Project Management, Analytical Reporting and Metrics for IT Compliance  • Collaborated with multiple departments including Risk Management, Internal Audit, Procurement, Corporate Counsel to mitigate compliance issues through investigation and resolution.  • Archer LOB (Line of Business) Liaison and SME for MetLife Bank. Considered "super user" status for Reporting and Metrics, Testing and QA.  • Developed implementation of a Business As Usual (BAU) process.  • Prepared Training for the Corporate Risk Team  • Implemented various Business and Management reports identifying issues and risks.  • Established a Management Dashboard that was utilized by other parts of the company as a "Standard View".  • Managed over 250 applications, along with maintaining required updates and status.  • Support Risk and Audit departments for Compliance Support. Analyzed and assigned compliance controls to identify risks.  Production Management Senior Analyst - Ensured SLA performance and orchestrated Production Incident Management  • Developed metrics and data analytics to ensure reporting was used as tool for performance improvements.  • Served as Junior Project Manager / Analyst on the Thin Client Initiative which improved accessibility and user experience on MetLife's Citrix Platform within the SDLC process.  Project Management Coordinator - (Contract through Apex Systems)  • Provided project coordination and management for MetLife Home Loans on multiple cross-departmental technical projects to improve workflow and reduce complexity. Education Certificate Brookhaven College 2010 Business Central Texas College - Killeen, TX 2001 Skills Excel (10+ years), JIRA (2 years), Microsoft Project (8 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (6 years), RSA Archer GRC Platform (8 years), Business Process (8 years), Visio (8 years), Process Improvement (8 years), Pega Business Process Management Platform (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/angela-robinski-grcp-grca-csm-b8387410 Certifications/Licenses GRCP - • Governance, Risk Management & Compliance Professional December 2015 A qualified as a Governance, Risk Management and Compliance Professional GRCA - Certified GRC Auditor December 2018 A qualified as a Governance, Risk Management and Compliance Auditor