IT Asset Management and CMDB Product Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Asset Management and CMDB Product Manager IT Product Management/ Product Owner Charlotte, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Asset Management and CMDB Product Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC March 2019 to Present • Manage assets in the BOFA CMDB in BMC Remedy application.  • Review and identify assets not reconciling with Discovery and CDMB integration.  • Contribute to software enhancement requirement gathering, user stories, testing and showcases.  • Work with cross-functional teams to review, ensure compliance, modify, create and dispose enterprise assets.  • Utilize SQL, Excel, V-Lookups, Runbook, NLyte, EARC and BMC Discovery tools to research, manage and extract data. Sr. Business Process Consultant Duke Energy - Charlotte, NC March 2019 to October 2019 • Identify, review and document the current customer billing processes for lighting programs enterprise-wide.  • Identify process gaps and recommend process operational and resource changes as needed.  • Working with cross-functional teams, implement change management processes.  • Facilitate enterprise-wide training sessions and develop all training documents and job-aids. Sr. Business Systems Consultant - Security Wells Fargo - Denver, CO July 2017 to August 2018 Software Vulnerabilities (Project shut down due to lack of funding)  * Develop software vulnerability remediation process with application teams for Qualys data and vulnerability scans.  * Identify/initiate software remediation efforts via exceptions, change requests, policy exceptions or DMANN events.  * Utilize SharePoint to manage Qualys scan vulnerability reports and remediation template and management metrics.  * Provide guidance, technical contacts and online resources for application teams to resolve vulnerabilities as needed. Product Owner/Sr. BA City of Brighton - Brighton, CO September 2016 to July 2017 Utilities - Asset Management Software Implementation  * Using Agile, facilitate requirements meetings, develop user stories for hosted off-prem vendor to resolve user functionality and configuration issues.  * Partner with vendor PM to identify utilities dept. needs for an asset management software with GIS & mobile interface.  * Analyze requests to incorporate mobile solutions and long-term scalability.  * Work with staff to identify funding, resources, software licenses, contract vendors and estimates for work.  * Collaborate with Purchasing and Contracts department to develop RFP, RFI and Sole Source vendor contracts.  * Utilize SharePoint Designer to create a site dashboard for performance benchmarks, user roles, project status and graphs.  * Collaborate with Configuration and Release team for application release and provide end user testing and training for new functionality.  * Utilizing Visio, prepare business analyst artifacts such as the business requirements documents, user stories, business process and swim lanes and water treatment diagrams. Executive Assistant Heather Gardens Assisted Living July 2016 to August 2016 Tech State of Colorado - Office of Info - Denver, CO May 2015 to May 2016 IT Portfolio Manager - Two State Agencies  * Manage project governance intake, gating, progress and reporting process using ITIL methodology and ServiceNow.  * Partner with application teams: Salesforce Designers, Database, Developers, Desktop and Network to discuss IT solutions.  * Utilize Salesforce to identify CRM enterprise platforms to leverage, customize design requests, add mobile interface and design for scalability.  * Develop Technical Advisory Team to assess web and mobile solutions: Estimate level of effort, resources & licensure.  * Analyze both resource skills and technical solutions to determine the need for RFP's and contracted vendors.  * Contribute agency statistics and accomplishment for dashboards, newsletters, annual report and strategic roadmaps.  * Using, ITIL, partner with the agency IT Steering Committees to develop ranking tool methods, values and metrics.  * Utilizing Visio, develop governance process flows, communication plans, presentations and management dashboards.  * Coordinate and identify project governance training opportunities for agency staff and employees. Sr. BA/PM - Dept. of Interior NexGen Technologies - Denver, CO July 2013 to April 2015 Federal  * Using Agile, develop user stories, technical docs, test case scenarios, defect tracking.  * Develop test cases, conduct testing, and coordinate user acceptance testing and demos.  * Perform Agile Ceremonies: Daily Scrum, Back-Log Grooming, Sprint Planning/Review, Demos and Retrospective.  * Manage website refresh for research content software: document conversion, stylesheets and GIS interface.  * Using Agile, collaborate with the product owner to prioritize back-log for minor and major applications using JIRA  * Partner with Product Owner for development changes and conduct client software demonstrations.  * Facilitate functional testing and regression testing for Quality Assurance.  * Develop business requirements documents, technical specification documents, architectural diagrams, security plans, training guides, process flows, use cases, presentations, charts and graphs.  * Collaborate with Configuration and Release Team to submit RFC and release to production.  * Provide training to Department of Interior subject matter experts. Concierge VI Assisted Living 2015 to 2015 Sr. BA/PM - Dept. of Education 5280 Solutions - Denver, CO August 2012 to July 2013 - Federal  * Using Waterfall, develop user requirements, use cases and all software development documentation per the contract.  * Facilitate the Disaster Recovery testing requirement for NIST accreditation.  * Partner with Product Owner to determine scope of recovery testing.  * Design test cases and solicit and identify testing resources and testing schedule  * Develop business requirements documents, functional documents and technical specifications for development team.  * Utilizing Visio, develop business process flows and system diagrams. Management and Program Analyst Department of ED - Washington, DC October 2011 to June 2012 * Manage the Fiscal Operation Report and Application to Participate FISAP compliance review process. Analyze carry-forward and carry-back transactions for federal programs: Pell Grant, Work-Study and Perkins.  * Serve on the funding Underuse/Oversight committee. This committee determines whether schools utilize federal funds responsibly. Committee results in the schools being penalized or granted waivers  * Collaborate with state user representatives to manage reporting data, user access and eligibility questions for the federal Teacher Loan Forgiveness Program database. Participate in enhancement and maintenance upgrades, testing and go-live.  * Partner with school auditing teams to resolve issues with compliance, closures, liquidation and return of federal funds. IT Program Analyst/PM - Dept. of Education Pearson Govt. Solutions/Vangent Inc - Arlington, VA September 2010 to September 2011 - Federal  * Manage the Cohort Default Ratio Reporting for the Department of Education, lenders and universities.  * Solicit new SQL reporting requirements to align with new regulatory three year cohort reporting.  * Perform software testing and defect tracking for Teacher Loan Forgiveness database and Campus software upgrades.  * Develop business requirements documents, functional documents and technical specifications for development team.  * Develop beta and user acceptance testing schedule and client functionality demonstrations.  * Serve on the Gainful Employment Policy Taskforce and collaborate with Dept. of Ed policy leadership.  * Develop SME guides, use cases, presentations, charts and graphs.  * Utilizing Visio, develop business process flows.  * Provide new functionality training to Dept. of ED power staff users. Web Training/BA Consultant - Advancement Technology Office University of NM - UNM Foundation - Albuquerque, NM September 2008 to September 2009 * Facilitate and develop user requirements sessions with subject matter experts.  * Develop an online help function within the application based on the business requirements and processes.  * Develop curriculum training for all user roles and facilitate software training organization-wide.  * Utilize human resources learning portal to announce course offerings, manage class size and attendance/  * Develop security matrix based and user roles.  * Conduct user acceptance testing and defect tracking for development team.    Healthcare Experience: Education Masters in Business Administration Regis Jesuit University - Chicago, IL February 2005 B.A. in Written Communications Regis Jesuit University - Denver, CO A.S. in Computer Inf. Systems Eastern NM University - Portales, NM Skills SLA, KPI, Asset Management, Medical Claims (3 years), Hospice (Less than 1 year), Assisted Living (2 years), Healthcare Benefits/Insurance Representative (2 years), Negotiation Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/tdialco