Data Analyst | IT Support Data <span class="hl">Analyst</span> | <span class="hl">IT</span> Support My goal is to obtain a position in the field of Information Technology so I can utilize my knowledge and skills to add value to a project or team. Also, I want to work in a competitive environment with an opportunity for growth. Fort Myers, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Analyst | IT Support Training Leader - Naples, FL May 2018 to Present o Acted as first point of contact for all major technical issues, including power outages, network failure and disaster recovery. Updated network systems to support business operations.  o Provided help desk support on an as-needed basis and kept a detailed log of services provided.   o Directly engaged with vendors to resolve specific hardware and software issues.  o Monitored enterprise-wide IPs ensuring optimal performance and delivery rate.   o Implemented and maintained hardware tracking system to ensure company staff were adequately equipped to perform tasks efficiently.  o Installed desktop image, operating systems and applications.  o Developed on-the-job onboarding program, reducing training time by 50%.  o Customer Service; Resolve problem creativity and used tact and diplomacy to achieve win – win Outcomes. Data Analyst | Lead Management Training Leader - Naples, FL February 2018 to Present o Maintained, managed, and grew in-house CRM database of more than 1 million records.  o Built queries to automate the identification and qualification of record demographics.  o Exhibited persistent and diligent pursuit of relevant actionable information/data.  o Analyzed data to determine viability and expansion in timely manner.  o Created management of marketing segments in four unique ESPs.  o Managed numerous marketing automation platforms and email marketing services, improving deliverability. Analyst Network For Good - Washington, DC November 2017 to February 2018 o Coordinated efforts in Operations, Marketing, Sales and Data Sciences departments to improve business processes and address inefficiencies.  o Analyzed data from multiple Information systems - Creating reports that provided insight into business processes & presenting complex findings to upper management enabling data-driven business decisions.  o completed a project that analyzed distributed leads; discovered that 75% of all sales can be attributed to a specific segment of leads which that made up 25% of all leads Generated.   o Conducted billing and system usage audits to identify accounts with outstanding balances and reported findings to accounting and billing departments.  o Utilized Excel and Tableau to generate reports that provided insight into sales performance standings and identified solutions to business problems.  o Created standardized reports to monitor/manage sales performance and identify areas of underperformance.  o Updated database warehouse utilizing Python and Ruby on Rails data import scripts.  o Assisted in creating a customer service roadmap to identify methods of increasing customer retention.  o Maintained documentation on companies Source Database's build procedures, guidelines, and operational standards. Junior SQL Developer Altruista Health - Reston, VA April 2017 to November 2017 o Writing SQL queries utilizing Microsoft SQL Server to pull data directly from tables in Source Databases to satisfy client’s request.   o Writing SQL queries to generate reports from the Data Warehouse and Source Databases.  o Troubleshooting reports that were created in MicroStrategy by comparing the generated SQL statement with a manual statement that I wrote. Reporting Errors to the MSTR developer team for further action.  o Utilizing Excel to manipulate and configure reports to match client’s requirements.   o Maintained documentation on companies Source Database's build procedures, guidelines, and operational standards. Counselor James Madison University July 2016 to August 2017 • Mentored High school students for 2-week periods, while ensuring their enjoyment, personal growth, and safety  • Facilitated various enrichment exercised which address current/relevant topics and events. Senior Capstone Project - Project Manager for group of 7, 8 week period The Wildlife Center of Virginia - Harrisonburg, VA February 2017 to May 2017 Developed a volunteer management system   • Lead team in Performing requirements elicitation and analyzed requirements for the volunteer system   • Designed a system utilizing Agile methodology and SCRUM to develop system   • Presented product to clients in each sprint   • Developed product in 3 different/separate languages; Java, C#, and PHP  • Tested and Delivered a system that meets all the client’s essential requirements and more Network Security Lab Assistant James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA January 2017 to May 2017 o Configured Cisco Routers, Switches and network software to ensure that each workstation is fully functional utilizing System Center Configuration Manager 2012  o Shut-down networking equipment and workstations properly upon completion of each lab session to ensure optimal operating condition for upcoming sessions  o Created summary reports for each session suggested areas in need enhancement to improve Effectiveness of training sessions ITERA Case Study, Personal Health Care Record Security Challenge-National competition ITERA - Nashville, TN October 2016 to May 2017 • Collaborated with a selected group of 5 to develop a solution that creates interoperability between Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems based on confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) triad model.  • Analyzed information from medical personnel regarding the disadvantages of the current EHR system   • Developed a solution that reduced health care record transfer times to a matter of seconds   • Presented final System, placed 2nd nationally against 4 other finalists’ groups consisting of graduate students Administrative Assistant James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA January 2014 to May 2017 o Collaborated with senior faculty members in completing National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) athlete eligibility forms(semiannually) for over 400 student-athletes ensuring they were academically eligible to participate in collegiate sports  o Restructured and streamlined departments record keeping processes enable further alignment with NCAA standards  o Developed academic plans for over 400 student-athletes decreasing anxiety levels during course registration process department-wide & increasing overall rate of on-time graduation.  o Maintained student computer lab; ensuring computers, printers and workstations are in optimal working conditions and reporting any deficiencies  o Performed Data Entry and maintained data integrity on multiple information systems. Education BBA in Computer information Systems James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA May 2017 High Schools Diploma Bladensburg High School - Bladensburg, MD 2008 to 2012 Skills Coding; HTTML, Phyton, Java, Java Script, Visual basic. (2 years), Computer Repair (7 years), Cellphone Repair (6 years), Tutoring children (1 year), Project Management (2 years), SQL, Oracle (2 years), Enterprise Architecture (2 years), Business Analysis (2 years), Network Administration (2 years), System Administration (2 years), Technical Support (4 years), Sql Server, Active Directory, HTML, access Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Tech Repair – Building and repairing computers, and cell phone repairs.   Photography & Flyer Design – Event photography and designing fliers and more using Adobe suite software.