Independent Technician Independent Technician IT & Media Consultant Bakersfield, CA To utilize my skills and experience to contribute team support and be an asset to the  company. Work Experience Independent Technician HELLOTECH February 2019 to Present Anti-Virus Removal/ OS updates and Software Removal  ? Data-Backup/System Imaging  ? Virtualbox Install USA Independent Consultant Support UPLIVE -Live Streaming Mobile App - Beijing, CN April 2018 to February 2019 China Operations Department with Open Broadcasting Software  for the entire USA  ? Monitor for Underage Users and Bad Actors "Illegal or Unauthorized activity"  and report it.  ? Create Instructional Videos and documentation in English for United States  region.  ? Quality Assurance - New version application testing before public release.  ? Video Editing and Marketing  ? Broadcast Live Sessions and Live celebrity events. IT Security Analyst Kern Schools Federal Credit Union - Bakersfield, CA January 2016 to July 2017 Assist IT Security Supervisor in:  ? Reviewing Firewall, Router/Switch and System logs;  ? Daily monitoring and reporting web filter for anomalies; current email  filter/suspect emails; removal of viruses.  ? Testing computer systems to evaluate effectiveness of security;  ? Evaluate, install and configure security identification hardware and peripherals;  ? Assist Help Desk with various IT security.  ? Assist in training of IT staff and Team Members on security policies. Systems Group Technician Quantum Data Systems - Bakersfield, CA July 2012 to January 2016 Purchased by KSFCU)  ? Consult clients with IT related issues such as virus removal, software installs,  printer configuration.  ? Mobile Device Management-Deploy and maintain 35 iPad users. Implement and maintain security policies, monitor users, training and troubleshooting for Help Desk Assistant Quantum Data Systems - Bakersfield, CA September 2012 to December 2013 Monitor over 100 students using campus computers in computer commons.    2  ? Assist users with any questions related to computer. (Printing, Software Help,  etc.)  ? Maintain computer commons security policies. New and Used Car Sales Jim Burke Ford Lincoln - Bakersfield, CA 2003 to 2005 Education Associate in Science degree in Web Development: Web programming Emphasis Bakersfield College - Bakersfield, CA February 2010 to July 2013 Skills Disaster recovery (Less than 1 year), Help desk (2 years), Help desk support (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Mac (Less than 1 year), Network security (Less than 1 year), Security (6 years), Windows 7 (Less than 1 year), Graphic Design (5 years), Web Design (5 years), Video Editing (3 years), Video Production (3 years) Certifications/Licenses GIAC Security Essentials GSEC January 2017 to January 2021 For Security Professionals that want to demonstrate they are qualified for IT systems hands-on roles with respect to security tasks. Candidates are required to demonstrate an understanding of information security beyond simple terminology and concepts. Driver's License