IT Security Analyst/ Assessor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/ Assessor IT Security Analyst/ Assessor Germantown, MD • Over 5 years of Information Technology ( IT) Security Analyst experience supporting Federal Agencies.  • Bachelor's Degree in Human Resources/Healthcare Management  • Experienced in the cyber security disciplines of Continuous Monitoring, Incident Response, and Security Engineering.  • Strong working knowledge of a full range of IT security principles, concepts, practices, products, services, and methods for evaluating information system risk and vulnerabilities.  • Prevent, detect, analyze, and respond to security incidents, has operated and analyzed continuous monitoring tools (e.g., Nessus, CSAM, eMASS)  • Ability to adapt quickly to changing environments.  • Proficient Microsoft Excel, Outlook and Word.  • Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills as well as interpersonal skills to interact with customers, team members and upper management  • Strong organizational skills.  • Strong attention to details.  • Ability to work with little to no supervision.  • Ability to interact with diverse groups.  • Ability to handle multiple tasks Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst/ Assessor FDA - Bethesda, MD January 2014 to Present      •  Conduct Certification and Accreditation (C&A) on major applications following the Risk Management Framework (RMF) from Categorization through Continuous Monitoring using the various NIST Special Publications in order to meet Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) requirements.           • Develop SSPs, SARs, and POA&Ms which were presented to the Designated Approving Authorities (DAAs) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).           • Experienced with Splunk          • Provide weekly status reports on ongoing tasks and deliverables.           • Perform risk assessments to identify the risk level associated with findings.           • Review artifacts regarding POA&Ms created by ISSO before closing.           • Assist in updates of IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.           • Help with updating IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department and federal requirements.           • Perform cloud and non-cloud system assessments.           • Support cyber security analysis by conducting Vulnerability Management, Security Engineering, Certification and Accreditation, and Computer Network Defense.           • Monitor controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements.           • Conduct annual assessments based on NIST SP 800-53A.           • Document findings within RTMs and SARs.           • Review and analyzed Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scan results for remediation.            • Monitor security tools and correlated reporting and other appropriate information sources to identify incidents, issues, threats, and vulnerabilities.           • Provide daily anomaly and alert reporting from all reviewed tools and sensors.           • Provide risk analysis for vulnerabilities and incidents indicating any special issues the vulnerability or incident may present to organizational systems and resources.           • Provide Security and Privacy expertise to assist with research and response to security and privacy incidents.  Education Bachelor's in HR and healthcare management University of Maryland-University College - College Park, MD September 2014 to May 2017 Skills Microsoft office (10+ years), Windows 7/8/8.1/10 (7 years), Windows Server 2012 R2 (5 years), Linux /Red Hat (5 years), FIPS 199, FIPS 200 (5 years), NIST 800-53 Rev4, NIST 800-30, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-39, (5 years), SSP, ST&E, SAR, POA&M, ATO (5 years), HIPPA (10+ years), Sharepoint (5 years), Nessus Vulnerability Scanning Tool (5 years), Splunk (5 years), Risk Management Framework (5 years), CSAM (5 years), access, security, testing, training, Active Directory, HTML Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security and CISSP certification in progress