Systems Engineer - Contractor Systems Engineer - Contractor Anna, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Engineer - Contractor Intuit Inc - Plano, TX July 2018 to April 2019 Assisted in developing baseline images for 3,000+ tax professionals while supporting Intuit's corporate environment. Project lead for NexThink POC and deployment. Systems Engineer July 2018 to April 2019 Supported end-user imaging environment and developed baseline images for 2019 tax season professionals. Team lead for endpoint analytics software's proof of concept, setup, and rollout for a 20,000+ endpoint environment.  • Maintained, tested, and optimized various endpoint baseline images using Unified Endpoint Manager by Ivanti. Once certified, these images would be sent to admins for deployment into the environment.  • Made vital changes to Group Policies for better security and ease of management.  • Team lead for the POC and deployment for the endpoint analytical tool NexThink.  • Responsible for baselining and analyzing several applications in the corporate environment and reporting on their footprint and impact on endpoints Alon USA - Dallas, TX October 2016 to October 2017 Developed, built, and maintained server patch infrastructure in a 400+ server environment. Maintained Windows server infrastructure via VMWare and physical server interaction. Windows Systems Engineer Alon USA October 2016 to October 2017 Built out the Windows server patching environment to help establish audit compliance. Ran day to day VMWare tasks to ensure reliability of all systems  • Patching environment was built out using Shavlik by Ivanti so that it could be automated as much as possible. This included daily, weekly, and monthly reports to management and server stakeholders to show that their environment was not only being patched, but also being done so with minimal impact to other systems and daily operations.  • Instrumental in migrating systems off physical hardware and into the virtual environment.  • Made vital changes to Group Policies for better security and audit compliance.  • Attended weekly change management meetings so that management and stakeholders were well informed of any upcoming changes or potential issues that may have been encountered. IT Systems Administrator Heartland Payment Systems - Plano, TX January 2015 to September 2016 • Architected, built, and maintained the company's VPN environment using F5 BIG-IP APM as well as the two-factor authentication environment first using RSA and then Safenet.  • Supported various Windows 2008 (R2) and Windows 2012 (R2) systems in a multi version VMWare environment.  • Responsible for Active Directory, Group Policy, and DNS configurations for a 1000+ employee domain.  • Responsible for Windows server patching and compliance.  • Integral part of compliance auditing and worked hand in hand with internal auditors for remediation of audit findings. IT Systems Administrator Heartland Payment Systems, Inc - Plano, TX November 2008 to September 2016 Plano, Texas Nov 2008 to Sept 2016  Promoted through multiple roles because of outstanding performance, culminating in an IT Systems Administrator position. Jr. Systems Administrator Heartland Payment Systems, Inc - Plano, TX May 2013 to January 2015 • Active Directory provisioning and cleanup for a 1000+ employee domain.  • Second tier VPN Troubleshooting and support for all external employees - trained IT helpdesk for first tier troubleshooting  • Provided all support for items from Security Access Analyst position. Security Access Analyst Heartland Payment Systems, Inc - Plano, TX June 2010 to May 2013 • Maintained, patched, and troubleshot F5 devices for VPN connectivity.  • Managed the WinDSX door system for door access in multiple branch locations  • Installed, configured, and managed the Axis camera system for on location security for main office, data center cage security, and several branch locations. Heartland Payment Systems, Inc - Plano, TX November 2008 to June 2010 Education Associates Degree in Network Information Management in Network Information Management Texas State Technical College - Harlingen, TX CCNA Collin County Community College - Plano, TX Skills Active directory (10+ years), Vmware, Windows server 2003, Windows Server 2008 (7 years), DNS (10+ years), System Administrator, Powershell Links http://Linkedin.com/in/darren-mccaulley-50617524