Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Tech Global Solutions Alexandria, VA Information Security Analyst with 5+ years in RMF/NIST 800 Series, security compliance, and risk assessments. Thrives in fast-paced and challenging environments and have extensive knowledge/experience in Information Assurance including FISMA, NIST, RMF, FedRAMP. Expertise in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and Vulnerability Management.    KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES  Risk Management Framework (RMF), Assessment and Authorization/Certification and Accreditation, IT Security Compliance, Vulnerability Assessment, Vulnerability Scanning, Information gathering, Information Assurance, Policies and Procedures, Risk Assessment Systems, System Development Life Cycle, FISMA, Tenable Nessus, NIST 800 Series, FedRAMP. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Tech Global Solutions June 2013 to Present • Develop Security Assessment Report (SAR) detailing the results of assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M).  • Review current documents such as SOP's, Vendor documents, System diagrams and design document to get a better understanding of the system implementation.  • Conducts comprehensive assessments of the management, operational, and technical security controls employed within or inherited by an information system to determine the overall effectiveness of the controls.  • Ensures compliance of security configurations for IT systems and aid in providing clear and concise processes and procedures for the implementation and enforcement of system security configurations.  • Assists System Owners and ISSO with documentations by reviewing completed templates to ensure accuracy and completeness.  • Conducts security assessment of system security plans to ensure that plans provide security controls for information systems that meet stated security requirements.  • Reviews security documents (Contingency Plan, SSP) to ensure compliance with policies and procedures and identifies potential anomalies.  • Perform POA&M management by reaching out to appropriate personnel to ensure everything is on track for remediation within a timely manner.  • Respond timely to enquiries from System Owners on A&A matters.  • Perform Assessment and Authorization activities for Major Application and General Support System, Risk Assessment, System Security Plan (SSP) and System test and Evaluations in accordance with FISMA, OMB and NIST guidelines. Patient Records & safety Associate INOVA (MHS) September 2010 to May 2013 • Performed required profile analysis for trends in hospitals and physicians' application usage.  • Created quality improvement reports and graphs for hospital committee meetings to demonstrate core metrics that needs improvement-based performance data.  • Prepared written reports and graphs analysis from hospital daily discharge reports.  • Validated patients' medical records for any inaccuracy of data.  • Responsible for ad hoc reporting of providers and member usage on existing application tools.  • Merged data from various places in Cerner for Provider Report Cards.  • Assisted Project Coordinators regarding hospital data collection/submission and quality, as directed. IT Help Desk Technician Northern Virginia Community College August 2009 to September 2010 • Provided phone support in compliance with established policies and procedures.  • Provided and escalated IT support including hardware troubleshooting, backup and recovery, email communication and application support.  • Installed, configured, and upgraded computer hardware and software, as needed.  • Provided end-user software troubleshooting and support to internal and external users/customers.  • Earned recommendation for teamwork, flexibility and work excellence in providing IT support to students. Education Associate of Science Northern Virginia Community College 2013 BS in Information Systems Central University Ghana 2007 BS in Computer Networks & Cybersecurity University of Maryland Skills Security, Microsoft access, Sql, Visio, Pivot tables