IT Assistant Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Assistant Manager Tier 2-3 system analyst Bowie, MD ? Established record of reliability and professionalism  ? Ability to work in a fast paced and erratic environment  ? 7+ years in IT experience including: IT analyst, Cyber and End user support roles Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Assistant Manager Diamon E class - Daytona Beach, FL August 2017 to Present ? Provided network security monitoring, reporting, and incident handling  ? Made recommendations for preventive measures; assessed network activity and system configuration for anomalous activities   ? Reviewed and recommended appropriate action on network data from IDS/IPS, routers, and firewalls devices deployed on customer and CSC networks as it relates to internal and external attack  ? Utilized ArcSight Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) to identify and triage anomalies  ? Complied with security systems and respond to internal and external customer request for computer security information and reports   ? Provided technical consultation on highly complex tasks; assist and/or provide direction to lower level technical personnel  ? Assisted with auditing computer systems; ensure they are operating securely and that data is protected from internal and external attacks  ? Supported security assessments to ensure adherence to customer specific security policy, procedures and industry standards  ? Monitored, evaluated, and assisted with the maintenance of assigned security systems and assist with the review and definition of security requirements   ? Provided support for system reviews to determine if they are designed to comply with established standards  ? Investigated security violations and breaches; prepare reports on intrusions and review firewall logs across an assigned area  ? Assisted with configuration of firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other network security devices  ? Active directories management for new hires and agents being terminated  ? Utilized active directory to create audit reports, topology charts, and passwords.   ? Utilized Linux Redhat software for training, support and consulting services  ? Utilized Vmware software for AWS cloud optimizat Assistant General Manager/Cyber Security Analyst Bob Evans Inc. - Columbia, MD March 2014 to May 2016 ? Reviewed system access data and monitored database access  ? Provided end user support to 300+ clients annually  ? Migrated company systems (windows 10)  ? Patch Management, Anti-Virus, Symantec Endpoint, Clustering, OS Upgrades, computer security and system monitoring and logging  ? Utilized Vmware to access vcenter and vsphere reducing cost and overhead and ensure proper network connection  ? Install and troubleshoot network routers and TCP/IP hardware in various departments   ? Responsible for passwords and logouts  ? Provided ticketing support using ServiceNow   ? Updated knowledge bases within ServiceNow  ? Provided ServiceNow Software troubleshooting  ? Responsible for software and hardware updates and repairs   ? Updated cyber security protocol and developed effective training procedures  ? Ensured compliance with internal and external email safety standards  ? Used Powershell to deploy software to assist migration (Robocopy/Norton ghost) Cyber Security Analyst Bob Evans Restaurants - Columbia, MD March 2014 to February 2016 ? Reviewed system access data and monitored database access  ? Provided end user support to 300+ clients annually  ? Migrated company systems (windows 10)  ? Patch Management, Anti-Virus, Symantec Endpoint, Clustering, OS Upgrades, computer security and system monitoring and logging  ? Utilized Vmware to access vcenter and vsphere reducing cost and overhead and ensure proper network connection  ? Install and troubleshoot network routers and TCP/IP hardware in various departments   ? Responsible for passwords and logouts  ? Provided ticketing support using ServiceNow   ? Updated knowledge bases within ServiceNow  ? Provided ServiceNow Software troubleshooting  ? Responsible for software and hardware updates and repairs   ? Updated cyber security protocol and developed effective training procedures  ? Ensured compliance with internal and external email safety standards  ? Used Powershell to deploy software to assist migration (Robocopy/Norton ghost) Unit Clerk/Compliance Analyst Washington Hospital Center - Washington, DC October 2012 to February 2014 Serviced tier 2 and tier 3 ticketing support   ? Configure and troubleshoot TCP/IP hardware (routers, printers, and other office hardware)  ? Utilized Active directory to document roles, server names, and IP addresses   ? Provided patch management, SOS Upgrades, system monitoring and logging  ? Updated knowledge bases within ServiceNow  ? Supported and maintained a relationship with over 400 clients to ensure client satisfaction and resolve portfolio issues  ? Informed clients on issues of regulation and compliance with regard to government programs (NIST)  ? Installed and performed minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications  ? Reviewed and triaged incoming Help Desk tickets with a sense of urgency, and oversaw the daily performance of computer systems  ? Performed racking and stacking of IT equipment in multiple data center locations  ? Verified and isolated issues as well as root cause and impact analysis  ? Participated in the testing and implementation of all hardware and software affecting ITS Operations  ? Distributed departmental reports throughout the building according to instructions  ? Processed of work intake requests via schedules or on request  ? Received calls from all levels of the user community and responds in a tactful and courteous manner utilizing proper telephone/email etiquette  ? Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software  ? Maintained records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities  ? Read technical manuals, confer with users, and conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and to provide technical assistance and support  ? Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications  ? Excellent communication skills and ability to maintain a friendly, professional relationship with clients  ? Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Exchange email clients and email systems Education Bachelors of Sciences in Biomedical sciences Bowie State University - Bowie, MD August 2015 to May 2019 High school or equivalent Charles Herbert Flowers High School - Springdale, MD 2004 to 2008 Skills Hospitality (9 years), Customer Service (6 years), Management (7 years), healthcare (8 years), patient care (5 years), PCT, CNA, Dialysis, Cna Certified, Certified Nursing Assistant, Home Health, Vital Signs, EKG, Receptionist, Medical Records, CPR, Customer Service Skills, Billing, Data Entry, Microsoft Word, Medical Terminology, Filing, Microsoft office (4 years), Active Directory (3 years), Oracle (1 year), CMS (2 years), Network Security (4 years) Certifications/Licenses CNA May 2018 to May 2019 Certified First Aid CPR AED December 2017 to Present CompTIA Security+ December 2018 to December 2022 ITIL December 2018 to Present Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:  Computer: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and GIS,ITIL,Servicenow,ITSM,    Language: moderate Spanish    Science: Good Laboratory Practices, Agur preparation, Gel electrophoresis, PCR Isolation and analysis of DNA, Simple and differential staining, and DNA sequencing