hard drive tech hard drive tech hard drive tech - Arrow Electronics Pickerington, OH Work Experience hard drive tech Arrow Electronics September 2015 to Present • Perform set up and testing of IT equipment and components with software programs  • Perform set up and data wipe; perform audit verification of data wipe  • Perform minor troubleshooting on units missing hardware using established test equipment and procedures  • Prepare and assemble product as well as identify non-conforming issues  • Analyze symptoms displayed by unit to determine pass or fail status  • Maintain system transactions and paperwork that validate the processing and disposition of material  • Enter assets in the system with the correct specifications  • Perform minor repairs on equipment  • Process units, determine asset cut lines, de-manufacture unit classes  • Ensure quantity, quality, and accuracy of production levels  • Maintain a safe work environment by following established safety procedures  • Maintain organization, cleanliness, and 5S standards within facility and daily workspace  • Collaborate with team members, leads, and supervisors to contribute to facility-wide production  & quality goals  • Other duties as assigned Independent web developer/contractor Men of Courage and Federal Source One 2013 to Present • Design and develop websites for organizations and companies.  • Clients include Japanese Church of Christ, Friendship Force of Utah, Men of Courage and Federal Source One. Senior Technician Community Computer Alliance June 2015 to September 2015 • Testing Laptops PC's  • Troubleshooting hardware and software problems.  • Debaning/wiping hard drives according to industry standards.  • Fixing hardware issues - installing/replacing RAM, Hard drives, dvd drives,  • Testing and grading monitors.  • Testing troubleshooting printers/copiers. Connecting network printers.  • Training new hiree's. JC penny Distribution center February 2015 to April 2015 • Picking  • Sorting  • Stock contrtol Crew member Chipotle October 2014 to December 2014 • Cooking  • Food prep  • Cleaning  • Expediting Crew member Carls Jr February 2014 to July 2014 • Cash register  • Line cook  • Cleaning  • Drive through Parking lot attendant November 2013 to February 2014 Parking cars  Handling cash Crew member Pizzeria Limone December 2013 to January 2014 • Food prep  • Making pizzas  • Soups and Salads  • Waiting tables/cleaning    Japanese church of Christ Intern/Volunteer Asian Association of Utah December 2013 to January 2014 • Data input  • Organizing files/folders Systems Administrator / Technical Support Specialist Utah State Disability Determination Services September 2013 to October 2013 Troubleshoots and diagnoses problems, make adjustments, repairs and/or performs preventative maintenance on computers, vehicles, equipment, or  machinery, etc.  • Provide assistance and/or on-the-job training.  • Back up computer data periodically to prevent unwanted data losses.  • Provide information to management on updates and upgrades to the system.  • Train agency personnel on computer operations.  • Create and/or distribute computer training materials  • Control system security and regulate user access. Create and Implement system  security policies.  • Monitor data entry procedures to maintain data integrity  • Operate and manipulate databases for queries and reports.  • Assist in supervision of System Team as needed. Participate as appropriate in administrative team meetings  • Demonstrate planning and organizational skills in managing the system needs of this agency  • Manage all computers within DDS Web Development/Information Security Intern Utah State Department of Rehabilitation May 2013 to July 2013 Developed PHP email form for Utah state office of department rehabilitation Joomla  website.  • I converted email contact list from excel to csv and imported it into PHPMyAdmin SQL  database.  • Attached database to PHP form and displayed in drop down list.  • Carried out penetration test on department on test web server hosting the new Joomla  website using Linux Backtrack, Metasploit to test security of web server.  • Carried out and information gathering, scanning and enumeration on network for open  ports and backdoors.  • Tested web application security for SQL injection vulnerabilities, and cross site scripting  vulnerabilities.  • Carried out stress testing on web server by using buffer overflow attacks. PHP developer Emmediate Credit Solutions April 2013 to April 2013 • PHP development  • SQL database development  • Github Analyst Programmer Intern Computer Business Solutions June 2012 to November 2012 Programmed website application for inputting, sorting and displaying financial indicator  data for Central Bank website. Created Web application for Central Bank of Lesotho  website using PHP, HTML and MySQL.  • Maintained backend database for ministry of foreign affairs website, created queries for inputting, sorting and display of data.  • Configured company application used for staff discussion forums and storing and organizing documents using Joomla, for computer business solutions.  • Used Graphic design tools including Photoshop, Microsoft Expression design and Adobe  live motion to design website pages, create website animations and alter images.  • Configured Document Management System on a Joomla platform, department of mines, Lesotho government.  • Helped troubleshoot .NET based custom application for Government Business  Registration system.  • Helped troubleshoot Ministry of Health social services automation system.  • Took place in numerous consultations for government, non-government organizations  and private businesses clients in need of websites.  • Used Google Analytics for client websites to produces monthly website statistical  information.  • Updated content for various government websites including www.foreign.gov.ls, www.finance.gov.ls, www.Lesotho.gov.ls  • Populated, and updated content for the following websites - www.lea.co.ls, www.wasco.co.ls,  • Designed a contact web form and feedback form for www.letseng.co.ls using PHP, HTML and MySQL.  • Designed home page for www.letseng.co.ls using GIMP, Photoshop.  • Helped redesign website for ministry of foreign affairs and maintained database for storing ministry staff, it involved communicating back and forth with customers, getting  feedback on website design and layout updates and made changes accordingly IT officer Machabeng College November 2009 to June 2011 Helped troubleshoot internet/network connection problems and Samba file sharing  problems.  • Managed LDAP services on Linux server.  • Installed and configured school Microsoft access application that handled students school  reports, grades and classes  • Managed LDAP user accounts.  • Assisted with troubleshooting windows 7 and windows XP.  • Managed school media centre with 10 Linux computers and interactive smart board.  • Assisted with solving issues related to smart board  • Trained users how to use smart boards.  • Installed Linux OS using Images stored on system using Linux terminal,  • Installed LAMP server on machines for web application development.  • Setup Samba, LDAP, Squid, internet and mail server.  • Installed and configured OpenSource Linux library system.  • Used SQL statements and PHP to query and display data from library system on web  form.  • Managed a team of 4 data input clerks working on creating and adding bar codes to books  in library system and inputting book data into library system database. Education MS Degree in Cyber Security and Assurance in Cyber Security and Assurance Western Governors University 2018 BS Degree in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DeVry University - Columbus, OH 2009 Certified Ethical Hacker Western Governors University Certification Governors University Skills VISUAL STUDIO, C#, EXCHANGE, EXPRESSION DESIGN, HTML Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming languages C#, VB.net, PHP, ASP.NET, HTML, javascript, jquery, ajax,    Web development ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, PHP  languages    Web development Microsoft Frontpage, Expression Web, Joomla, Wordpress, Adobe  applications Dreamweaver    Database development SQLserver, MySQL, Microsoft Access, Heidi SQL, Apache.  application    Business applications Microsoft office, Apache Openoffice.    Graphic design software Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Live Motion, Microsoft Expression Design.    Operating systems Windows 95/XP/vista windows 7, windows 8, Linux  Redhat/Opensuse/Ubuntu/Backtrack, IBM AS400 / I series    Software design Rational Rose UML, Visual Logic, Microsoft Visio.  applications    Networking Active Directory, LAN, Windows Server 2003, TCP/IP, LINUX (Open  Suse, Ubuntu), LDAP server, Apache MYSQL Server 2008, LAMP,  Exchange Server  Programming platforms Miscrosoft visual studio, LAMP, WAMP,WCM, CMS    Security Backtrack, Metasploit,