Information Security Administrator Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Information Security Administrator - NRECA National Rural Electric Association Suitland, MD Information Security Analyst Work Experience Information Security Administrator NRECA National Rural Electric Association August 2018 to Present Provide support to the Security & Identity & Access Management program, architecture and standards for delivering enterprise-wide Identity, Access, Directory and Authentication Services for employees and consultants.  ? Demonstrates experience implementing enterprise architectures, platforms, policies and procedures for identity management and cyber security practices.  ? Experience with Microsoft Access Management, Active Directory, Azure, ADFS, Single Sign-On (SSO), Federated Authentication / SAML, and RBAC (Role Based Access Control)  ? Hands-on experience developing and deploying large-scale enterprise IAM solutions such as SailPoint, Oracle Identity Management, or Microsoft Forefront IDM  ? Experience with privileged access management (PAM) platforms such as CyberArk and multi-factor authentication (MFA) solutions  ? Knowledgeable in cybersecurity technologies and practices and their relationship to IAM  ? Provide 24 hour on call support for all security related issues and events. IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT GOVERNANCE ANALYST World Bank 2017 to August 2018 Provision/de provision access using Sailpoint/ Identity and Access Governance Tool. Grant access to roles, entitlements and workgroups in the IAG platform.  ? Support annual access review certification process for the enterprise.  ? Provide support to the Identity & Access Management program, architecture and standards for delivering enterprise-wide Identity, Access, Directory and Authentication Services for employees and consultants.  ? Support cloud and on premise application services.  ? Maintain and assess operational requirements and service issues for improvement opportunities.  ? Prepare documentation for audits and audit issues.  ? Consult with business units when implementing access levels for new systems to ensure quality and accuracy.  ? Practice Cyber Security fundamentals and best practices.  ? Advanced skills in evaluating risk  ? Availability on an on call basis to respond to pending issues or problems arising during non-business hours and provide support and response.  ?Manage the Remedy incident queue  ? Participate as an effective member of a highly skilled, collaborative team that supports information security policies and meets all relevant compliance requirements IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST II INFO SEC - Reston, VA 2014 to 2016 • Provided 24/7 Access support to the Fannie Mae enterprise, contractors and managed service providers.  • Provisioned and revoked access using Sailpoint/ Identity and Access Governance (IAG) tool.  • Managed the Remedy incident queue, Servicenow queue, contractor conversion process, IAG open tasks and terminated user reports.  • Provided analytical and technical support for Access Management Group to Fannie Mae financial systems and high level applications.  • Created and developed software solutions to application errors reported.  • Provided end -user support, which may include, systems administrations assistance, identifying the need to coordinate stakeholder discussions, technical troubleshooting, identifying the need to update user documentation or conduct training. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR, MOBILE DEVICE SUPPORT TECHNICIAN, TIER I & II ANALYST, TIER World Bank - Washington, DC 2009 to 2014 2 DESKSIDE SUPPORT TECH  • Primary point of contact on all matters related to hardware, software and communications support for the department.  • Worked closely with other IT support elements to provide superior technical support to the end user.  • Assisted with video conferencing (VC, Skype, CMA, and WebEx) setup and support for all events.  • Assisted in the decision making/planning process of IT needs at the beginning/end of each fiscal year.  • Ordered standard IT equipment for the department, and disposal of retired equipment.  • Maintained a proper inventory of all IT related equipment and software.  • Participated in the evaluation and piloting of new products and services, both hardware and software.  • Identified and proposed IT applications that support the department's work. Education Associate Skills RSA, INFORMATION SECURITY, VPN, DNS, SECURITY Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2018 to July 2021