Senior Engineer/Specialist E2 - Full Time Senior Engineer/Specialist E2 - Full Time Senior Engineer/Specialist E2 - Full Time - HCL Americas/Verizon Harwood Heights, IL Work Experience Senior Engineer/Specialist E2 - Full Time HCL Americas/Verizon - Schaumburg, IL May 2019 to Present • Providing desktop support and field engineering support for HCL Americas for their client Verizon.  • Main point of contact for their Schaumburg, IL administrative building.  • Assigned to certain Verizon Wireless retail locations for IT-related technical support.  • Image and install software on Windows, and Apple laptops/desktops including IMAC and remote support.  • Troubleshoot post deployment issues on multiple computer platforms: Windows and Macintosh and mobile devices.  • Printer break-fix and installation.  • Disposal, redeployment and asset reclaim.  • Shipping coordination.  • Data backup and data recovery coordination.  • Hardware refresh.  • Warranty and out of warranty repair and replacement.  • Depot services.  • Walk up support.  • Spare parts management.  • Executive (VIP) support.  • Audio and video support including health checks.  • Inventory and asset management - Depot Operations.  • Coordinate with external vendors for dispatch support.  • Identify and resolve hardware and software application conflicts.  • Open and close service requests, as well as manage the classification, assignment, tracking, and completion of requests or incidents.  • Responsible for asset tagging and entering all incoming equipment in the asset management system.  • Collaborate with cross functional teams to properly onboard incoming new hires.  • Ensure that hardware is properly assigned and updated in their management system.  • Provide weekly reports on physical inventory counts as well as record weekly outflows of hardware equipment.  • Work with external suppliers to schedule repairs for damaged/malfunctioning hardware.  • Ensure that resolutions are consistent with company standards and policies.  • All other duties as assigned.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7/10, ITIL, ServiceNow, Microsoft Office 2013/2016, Mac OS X, iPad, iPhones, Ricoh printers, Xerox printers, Networking support, Telephony support, Asset Management, Asset Disposal, AV support, Vendor Management via third-party Identity Access Management Analyst - Contract S3 Solutions/Loyola University Health - Maywood, IL December 2017 to August 2018 • Onsite IT Identity Access Management Analyst for S3 Solutions for their client Trinity-Loyola University Health.  • Microsoft Active Directory Access principles and application access management.  • Leveraging lined controls based on risk to improve security posture, tight business integration and compliance auditing.  • Applying Identity Access Management controls to enable the business to operate efficiently, cost-effectively, and in compliance with regulatory and industry practices such as HIPAA and NIST.  • Coordinating with different entities within IT and within various departments within Loyola University Health to obtain and validate known information about various positions and permissions needed for end-users to perform their job duties daily.  • Create Role Based Access (RBA) matrix in Microsoft Excel of current and updated information to be used as a master spreadsheet and guide for hiring managers and human resources in various departments within Loyola University Health and Enterprise Information Security.  • All other duties as assigned.    Environment: Microsoft Active Directory, Role Based Access Sheets, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Outlook, WebEx Sr. Desktop Technician - Contract/Project Work JDResources LLC - Winnetka, IL August 2017 to September 2017 • Support New Trier High School faculty and students on behalf of JDResources LLC/PC Connections.  • Unboxed and imaged HP laptop and desktop computers.  • Deploy and setup new IT assets to newly constructed student labs.  • Wire portable laptop carts for use in newly constructed library on campus.  • All other duties as assigned. IT Systems Engineer Infosys - Chicago, IL January 2017 to July 2017 • Support COFCO International end-users on behalf of InfoSys.  • Provide level 2/3 help desk support to its corporate end-users.  • Support 500+ end-users including sales, marketing, executives, and c-level attorneys.  • Self-assign tickets that are in the ticketing system (Service Now), that is in our assigned group, and reach out to COFCO end-users and solve their problems in a timely fashion (on location or remotely), that doesn't go against the agreed upon SLA's.  • Create IT-related documentation of IT-related service related deliverables.  • Assisted in IT documentation for merger of IT networks from acquired company into COFCO's domain.  • Support remotely three newly acquired locations or visit those locations for IT-related issues.  • Asset management of all IT equipment at COFCO Chicago Board of Trade location.  • Create new users in Active Directory or disable users in Active Directory (User Management).  • Create new email accounts within Office 365, and setup Skype for Business for each new user.  • Administer corporate IT hardware and mobile devices within SCCM.  • Equipment support including software imaging and optimization.  • Application loading as defined for the end user's profile that is on top of the core image.  • Software troubleshooting of business and system software installation.  • Adhere to IMACD (Install, Move, Add, Change, and Disposal) activities that would be carried out in a hub and spoke model.  • Fulfill all requests that are outside of reported incidents.  • A/V support of telepresence and conference rooms using Polycom system.  • Mobile device management and device configuration for email.  • DataPipe VPN Token Administration to work with Cisco AnyConnect VPN software.  • Make sure that managed computer hardware follows security practices.  • Light network connectivity troubleshooting.  • Light telephony (VOIP) troubleshooting.  • Light support of Ricoh Anywhere printers.  • All other duties as assigned.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7/10 Enterprise, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11.0, Microsoft Office 2016, Citrix Receiver, Polycom Video Conferencing, SCCM, Microsoft Software Center, Active Directory Management, Mobile Device Management (MDM), IMACD, DataPipe VPN Token Administration, Cisco AnyConnect, Service Now (ticketing system), Ricoh Anywhere Printer Support. IT Systems Engineer Infosys/ConAgra Foods Inc - Chicago, IL March 2016 to November 2016 • Support ConAgra end-users on behalf of InfoSys.  • Provide level 2/3 help desk support to its corporate end-users.  • Support 700+ end-users including sales, marketing, executives, and c-level attorneys.  • Self-assign tickets that are in the ticketing system, that is in our assigned group, and reach out to ConAgra's end-users and solve their problems in a timely fashion (on location or remotely), that doesn't go against the agreed upon SLA's.  • Send warrantied Lenovo ThinkPad laptops to IBM for repair.  • Computer asset management and disposal.  • Basic Cisco VoIP phone provisioning.  • Support Cisco WebEx and Cisco Telepresence meetings for town hall and corporate meetings.  • Inventory on-hand computer inventoried ConAgra assets.  • Inventory and ship de-commissioned technology.  • Create KT (Knowledge Training) articles.  • Lead person of small team of technicians that support the corporate and c-level attorney end-users.  • Subject Matter Expert (SME) for our onsite deskside support technicians.  • Ticketing queue management assigning and making sure all tickets do not breach service levels.  • Report to management explaining if service levels had been breached in our Remedy ticketing system.  • Create and generate certain IT reports for ConAgra and InfoSys management for further review.  • Assist Infosys management and Human Resources in hiring potential talent to join the InfoSys deskside support staff.  • Support those that use using iOS or Android phones in setting up and training them to use Google applications.  • Support users using Mac computers in a Windows-based environment.  • All other duties as assigned.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7/8.1/10 Enterprise, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11.0, Microsoft Office 2010/2013/2016, Microsoft Surface Pro 3, Trend Point Micro Security for Business, Citrix Receiver, Active Directory, Mobile Phone Setup and Administration, Cisco Call Manager, Cisco Unity, Cisco VoIP phones, Cisco Telepresence, Mac OS support, Cisco WebEx, RMA Warrantied Lenovo ThinkPad laptop to IBM, Microsoft SCCM, Google Apps, Microsoft Software Center, BMC Remedy (ticketing system), Windows Deployment Service, Snow License Manager 7, DameWare Remote Desktop Software, CyberArk for IIS Users. IT Operations Analyst - Contract Ornua Foods North America - Evanston, IL November 2015 to January 2016 • Support Ornua Foods end-users on behalf of AND Staffing.  • Analyzes designs, develops, and supports business applications, supports purchased packages and utilizes tools and products deployed on multiple technology platforms and on a corporate wide basis. This may involve coordinating activities with other Information Technology personnel.  • Demonstrated strong knowledge of concepts of information technology, standard application development methods, and relational database technology.  • Demonstrated advanced ability to implement standard analysis, programming, and testing techniques across the development life cycle of systems.  • Ability to determine the use of appropriate current information processing technology, applies logical reasoning to complex situations, and analyzes problems of a complex nature and derives workable solutions.  • Demonstrated strong knowledge in maintaining vendor relationships, contract and invoice review, expense budgeted and forecasting.  • All other duties as assigned    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7 Enterprise, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11.0, Microsoft Office 365, Kaspersky End Point Security for Business, Citrix Receiver, Active Directory, Mobile Phone Setup and Administration, Voice Mail PIN Administration, Cisco AnyConnect VPN Software, Computer Setup and Deployment, Polycom VoIP Phones, Computer Warranty RMA to Manufacturer. IT Help Desk Technician - Contract New Trier High School - Winnetka, IL October 2015 to October 2015 • Supporting teachers, faculty, and students on behalf of Sentinel Technologies.  • Installs, configures and tests, maintains, monitors, and troubleshoots end user workstation hardware, networked peripheral devices and networking hardware products.  • Performs on-site analysis, diagnosis and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users and recommend and implement corrective hardware solutions, including warranty repair as needed.  • Communicates software and hardware problems and issues to the Systems Administrator, Software Development and vendors as well as end users.  • Receives and responds to incoming calls, pages and e-mails regarding PC and hardware problems.    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7 Enterprise, Microsoft Office 2013 Professional, Heat Ticketing System, Microsoft Internet Explorer 9.0-11.0, Active Directory, Symantec End Point Protection for Business, Microsoft SCCM Service Technician - Contract CareFusion Corp - Mount Vernon, IL June 2015 to July 2015 - Temporary Position  • Assisted a CareFusion engineer on behalf of Adecco  • Un-box medical devices from shipping cartons  • Affix labeling to devices  • Perform hardware and/or software updates on medical devices  • Perform electrical safety tests  • Perform verification tests  • Input test results into CareFusion proprietary software application  • Use a bar code scanner to input data into the software application or in an Excel spreadsheet  • Manually move/carry medical devices as required by the workspace  • Assistance with work area set up/clean up  • Assemble IV poles Help Desk Representative - Contract Advanced Technology Services, INC - Schaumburg, IL March 2015 to May 2015 • Basic-to-intermediate PC software and or systems support via telephone or e-mail in accordance with service level requirements  • Moving parts used, ordering parts, posting parts, monitoring call activity, and closing calls in designated call tracking systems  • Supported Level I and II help desk technicians  • Providing customer support from an information technology help desk/call center for Caterpillar North America end-users    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7 Enterprise, Microsoft Office 2013 Professional, Citrix xenDesktop, Cisco AnyConnect, RSA SecureID, IBM Lotus Notes 8.5.4, Microsoft Internet Explorer 9.0-11.0, Scripty, LogMeIn123.com, Cisco WebEx, IBM Remedy, Cisco Unity Call Manager (Voice Mail), Active Directory (Password Resets, Account Unlock, Account Verification), Symantec End Point Protection for Business, Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 IT Helpdesk Technician - Part Time Murphysboro CUSD - Murphysboro, IL October 2014 to February 2015 • Provided IT helpdesk support to 225+ faculty and staff, as well as 2200+ students, throughout the school district's four public schools (K-12)  • Updated helpdesk ticketing system with flagged and resolved outstanding helpdesk issues  • Resolved issues with hardware, software, and networking issues put into the helpdesk ticketing system by faculty and staff  • Deliver, deploy, and setup computer related hardware throughout the schools  • Setup and deployed Samsung Chromebooks using Google Apps for the school district  • Basic assisted support with Network Administrator with Illini Cloud NOC at the high school    Environment: Microsoft Windows 8.1 Enterprise, Microsoft Windows 7 Enterprise, Microsoft Office 365 for Education, Google Apps for Education, Atelier Web Remote Commander, PXE boot via WDM, Kaspersky End Point Security for Business, Mac OS X 10.6-10.10, Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2  Short-Term Projects    L2/L3 Desktop Technician - Project Work March 20, 2019  Robert Half Technologies/Pro4ia, Itasca, IL.  • Onsite IT Technician for Robert Half Technologies for their client Pro4ia.  • Upgrading systems to Windows 10.  • Joining PC's to domain.  • Changing IP Address  • Install asset management software    Environment: Microsoft Windows 7/10, SCCM, third party asset management software (proprietary)    Onsite Technician - Project Work October 3, 2017  Robert Half Technologies/Viking Materials, Franklin Park, IL.  • Onsite IT Technician for Robert Half Technologies for their client ConvergeOne.  • Unbox and install new Cisco router and CradlePoint devices for their client's network closet.  • Assist remote network administrator in establishing a connection to configure and test both devices.  • Document and email all necessary and pertinent information necessary to the project.    Environment: Cisco 2900 Series Router, Microsoft Windows 10, Remote Desktop Connection, Router Cable and Network Cable. Network Research Analyst Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL January 2014 to May 2014 • Developed Business Analytics for an upstart, up and coming company, based out of Las Vegas, NV  • Co-authored an online article with my professor, that was featured on the Distance Learning Administration website, and in font of our peers  Environment: Prezi for Education, Tableau, Microsoft Office 2013 Professional Network Technician Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL August 2013 to August 2013 • Supported incoming freshmen in connecting their Internet-connected devices to SIU's wireless connection on campus and at their dorm rooms.  • Aided incoming freshmen in setting up their Dell tablet device assigned to them.  • Aided incoming freshmen in regaining their lost or forgotten SIU DAWG Tag network password.  Environment: Active Directory, Cisco Clean Access, Microsoft Office 365 for Education, Microsoft Windows 8.0 Professional Security Analyst/Platform Support Salesforce.com - Carbondale, IL March 2012 to June 2013 IL  • Weekend support troubleshooting EDI VAN and DXP B2B issues for our customer's/trading partners using Salesforce.com.  • Assist customer service in resolving customer problems, using proprietary software and Salesforce.com.  • Created and added SOPs to Liaison's US Wiki page.  Environment: EDI VAN, DXP B2B, DXP EDI, Salesforce.com, Microsoft Office 2010 Professional, Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.0, Liaison's SharePoint server (adding and removing content), Linux scripting (running Linux scripts on servers). Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Technologies in Network Security and Administration Southern Illinois University - Carbondale, IL May 2014 Associate in Applied Arts and Sciences in Information Systems Technologies in Information Systems Rend Lake College - Ina, IL May 2011 Skills Active directory (2 years), Bmc (Less than 1 year), Cisco (1 year), Crm (Less than 1 year), Customer relationship management (Less than 1 year), deployment (Less than 1 year), Iis (Less than 1 year), Internet information services (Less than 1 year), Linux (1 year), Mac (1 year), Microsoft office (3 years), Microsoft windows (2 years), Microsoft windows 7 (2 years), Ms office (3 years), Networking (Less than 1 year), Polycom (Less than 1 year), Remedy (Less than 1 year), Telephony (Less than 1 year), Voip (1 year), Windows 7 (2 years) Links http://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/ALANWIECKERT Additional Information Skills  Software and Hardware Management  Audio-Video Support for Cisco WebEx and Polycom Telepresence Conference Rooms    Microsoft Office Support  (2007-2019 Windows)  (2011-2019 MacOS X)    Office 365 Administration Including Skype For Business Microsoft Windows 7/8.1/10 Professional and Enterprise Support MacOS X 10.5-10.14 Support  Technical Writing and Documentation Active Directory Administration BMC Remedy and EMC Service Now Ticketing Systems  Cisco Call Manager/Cisco Unity VoIP Telephone Setup Hardware and Software Support Remote User Support for Helpdesk Tickets  Identity Access Management Analyst Microsoft Visio 2007-2019 Salesforce.com CRM Support  Ubuntu Linux 12.04 LTS - 18.04 LTS Plus Running Linux Scripts Windows Deployment Services Microsoft SCCM Device Administration  Entry-Level Project Management RSA Secure ID Token Administration CyberArk For IIS Users  Helpdesk Networking Support Helpdesk Telephony Support Vendor Management and Support