Security Guard and Process Server Manager <span class="hl">Security</span> Guard and Process Server Manager Security Guard and Process Server Manager - The Browning Group Harrisburg, PA Seeking a position to utilize my Information Technology skills and education. Work Experience Security Guard and Process Server Manager The Browning Group - Harrisburg, PA February 2012 to Present Guard a number of various places to ensure people and items are safe  Make sure that nothing and no one is stealing from company property  As a process server hand deliver paperwork from or to lawyers and government officials  Input all documents into Serve Manager System  Review all invoices going out and coming in for correct payment  Per request stake-out individuals for fraud, missing, or court ordered protection IT Support Specialist I Select Medical - Mechanicsburg, PA January 2017 to June 2018 Provide a single point of contact to report problems, make inquiries, and assist when possible in the resolution of report IT issues. Troubleshoot desktop support including hardware, software, system updates, and escalating  ticket when necessary. Using Service Now ticketing system install and configuring computer systems, diagnose  hardware and software issues. Solve technical application problems over the phone or through chats. Some  issues include but not limited to hardware and software driver installs, Password reset in Active Directory, Epic  application issues, MS Office 365, Fujitsu Scanners, Perceptive Content, Citrix Receiver, and Medhost  applications. IT Specialist UFinancial - Mechanicsburg, PA May 2016 to September 2016 Monitor and maintain computer systems and networks in the agency, including installation and configuring  computer systems, diagnosing hardware and software faults and solving technical and applications problems, either over the phone or in person. Troubleshoot desktop support and/or system problems. Stage and  encrypt/decrypt computers for business use. Administer LAN access security for all users, updating devices as needed for new users and change access for existing users, as needed. Installed/Uninstalled Office 365, Box,  Outlook 2016, and Symantec antivirus. Systems Analyst Randstad Technologies - Mechanicsburg, PA April 2015 to May 2016 Under General Supervision I Took and made calls in a call center environment, contracted by the state of Pennsylvania as IT Helpdesk I provided Technical and Network problem Solutions to Clients of the Department of Human Services by preforming Troubleshooting steps on hardware and software related problems. Solutions  included but not limited to, Hardware replacement software re-installation domain rejoins, Windows re-  imaging, verifying proper hardware and software set up, Software re-installation and troubleshooting, Bit- locker Encryption troubleshooting and domain rejoins. Worked with Active Directory and Exchange to unlock  user accounts and hard drive, setup email system. Worked with Remedy ticketing system, later moved to Heat and Service Now fully. Worked with LAN issues remotely. Computer Technician Telaplan - Mechanicsburg, PA March 2013 to March 2015 My primary responsibility as a computer technician is to diagnose and repair laptops.  • Installing, diagnosis, repair and maintenance of computers.  • Manually examine and repair computer hardware and peripheral components.  • Troubleshoot computer systems both hardware and software  • Take apart and re-assemble computer components and parts.  • Analyze failed equipment according to established methods or procedures and determine whether equipment  is repairable  • Resolve hardware technical issues within time schedule and provide the break and fix solution using in- house  system  Manually set up computer systems and hardware, and install or re-install software programs for computer  users. Loan Counselor Pheaa - Mechanicsburg, PA November 2011 to February 2013 Taking in-bound calls regarding student loan accounts and also speaking with delinquent customers as a result of customer contact while exceeding company expectations  • Worked in IT call center to act as Help Desk covering all IT related problems remotely.  • Used Remedy ticketing system. Field Technician Apex Systems Inc - Plymouth Meeting, PA February 2011 to September 2011 Took phone calls for computer Issues at large companies, worked on them remotely as well as travel to client  sites to resolve issues pertaining to printers, Hard Disks, replacements etc. Worked with Active Directory for user level security and passwords setups. Used PDF ticketing system for call tracking. Dealt with LAN issues in the field  • PC Hardware (laptops and desktops) break-fix service at various customer locations  • Drive 50-100 miles/week on average between customer locations  • Applies guided scripts to perform routine field activities associated with installing, maintaining  and servicing PCs at customer sites  • Provide software installation and information to certain programs Education Network and Communications Management DeVry University September 2014 Associate Of Science Lincoln Technical Institute - Mount Laurel, NJ June 2010 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, DNS, ENCRYPTION, NETWORKING, REMEDY, TCP/IP, DHCP, NETWORK PROTOCOLS, REMOTE ACCESS, TCP, WINS, ACCESS CONTROL, AUTHENTICATION, MCSE, LINUX, UNIX, ORACLE, MICROSOFT WINDOWS, WINDOWS 2000, CUSTOMER SERVICE Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Present Received March 2010 Certified Act 235 November 2018 to October 2023