Quality Analyst Representative Quality <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Representative Quality Analyst Representative - COUNTRY Financial Marietta, GA Work Experience Quality Analyst Representative COUNTRY Financial - Alpharetta, GA June 2019 to Present ? Collaborate with COUNTRY Financial Customer Service Quality Manager on ways to improve quality within the Customer Service Division  ? Create and Implement strategies for customer service reps to perform at a higher standard to improve the customer service rep quality scores.  ? Provided one-on-one coaching with reps.  ? Ensure that all staff is trained and maintain their competency to perform all assigned tasks by observing and monitoring inbound calls taken by customer service reps Customer Care Representative Associate (Tier 2) COUNTRY Financial - Alpharetta, GA July 2018 to Present ? Assists in the investigation of internal and external complaints and giving expertise as related to corrective actions and preventative measures.  ? Provide support to Tier 1 representative by giving direction on how to navigate systems, how process home/auto quotes, and how to navigate the COUNTRY Financial knowledge base system.  ? Coordinate with Financial Representatives on the daily to ensure work is prioritized and check on the status of every job in the office to update customers on any issues or delays.  ? Promptly respond to customer queries via e-mail; providing breakdown of bills, policy coverage breakdowns, and updating personal information on COUNTRY's customers account.  ?Assist customers with their non-technical support needs including web site and product registration and updating account information via phone, email and chat on time, professionally and with a positive attitude to achieve customer satisfaction Customer Care Representative Assistant (Tier 1) COUNTRY Financial - Alpharetta, GA January 2017 to July 2018 ? Communicates with customers via phone, web, and email to deliver a best in class client experience by resolving matters related to customer service and/or billing.  ? Complete calculations and transaction accurately to make policy changes, modify policy coverage, and/or collection of premium from clients.  ? Enters communication records and other data in various company systems for information transfer to the Financial Representative.  ? Reprint invoices for resubmission and schedule appointments for members with Financial Representative.  ? Contact underwriter by submitting forms to obtain binder coverage and customize insurance programs to suit individual customers.  ? Set up home, auto claims and inform customer of time information pertinent to the claim  ? Handle Escalation Calls in professional manner and follow up with customer. Security Officer/Rover S.O.S. Security Inc - Norcross, GA June 2016 to January 2017 ? Secured premises and personnel by patrolling property; monitoring surveillance equipment; inspecting buildings, equipment and access points.  ? Prevents losses and damage by reporting irregularities; informing violators of policy and procedures.  ? Completes reports by recording observations, information, occurrences and surveillance activities; obtained signatures from visitors.  ? Maintains environment by monitoring and setting building and equipment controls. Customer Service Representative/ Call Center Floor Support UnitedHealth Group - Kennesaw, GA November 2015 to June 2016 ? Maintain action item(s) production count with a measurable production and quality standards at or above minimum established standards.  ? Resolved medical and prescription drug related problems by clarifying issues, researching and exploring the answer and alternative solutions, implementing the solution, and escalating unresolved problems.  ? Performed Prior Authorization for members who were in need of receiving medications that are essential to their health.  ? Reprint invoices for resubmission as needed.  ? Document accurate and complete notes of all interactions regarding the member's account. IT, Technical Service Representative/ Trainer IBM/Toshiba - Atlanta, GA August 2014 to January 2016 ? Offered support for hardware, software and different type of IBM Mechanical Devices.  ? Worked for I.B.M. (Toshiba) platforms as I remotely accessed computers and networks to better assist customers.  ? Responsible for providing technical support for internal employees as well as outside contracted clients scope.  ? Analyzed the problems that the customer is facing and troubleshot the issues over the phone or via e-mail.  ? Proficient in a wide variety of I.B.M. technologies, products, and software in order to effectively resolve the issues that the customer may be experiencing with his or her product. Funeral Assistant Nelson's Funeral Home - Rockingham, NC July 2012 to August 2014 ? Assists the Funeral Director in the movement of the casketed deceased and other related paraphernalia in and out of the visitation area, funeral home chapel, church or other place of service.  ? Assist with body removal from hospitals, home quarters (tight areas), etc.  ? Greets and receives client families and/or other persons entering the office for information and assistance.  ? Maintain the cleanliness of the funeral home facilities and vehicles. Education Anson High School - Wadesboro, NC Candidate for Business Administration Degree in Business Administration Clemson University - Clemson, SC Skills Customer service, Correspondence, Oracle, Ms office, Calendar management, Training, Etiquette, Phone etiquette, Multitasking, Problem solving, Quality Assurance, QA Additional Information Experienced and knowledgeable with 7+ years performing exceptional customer service, clerical and administrative tasks. Demonstrated talent in resolving customer complaints and handling high volume phone calls in the Technical, Medical, and Insurance field. Works well independently or in group settings providing all facets of a computer including MS Office and Oracle. Licensed as a Property and Casualty Insurance agent in 19 states and also as a Notary Public for the State of Georgia. Organized and attentive to details on logging information, sending out e-mails to management, and arranging appointments for members/cliental.    Areas of Expertise  ? Correspondence Handling ? Phone Etiquette ? Extraordinary Customer Service  ? Multitasking ? Problem Solving ? Training  ? Oracle Operator ? Ticket Creation ? Log Keeping  ? Calendar Management ? MS Office Mastery ? Call Forwarding