Manager / Owner Manager / Owner IT Security Incident Response and Forensic Investigator Fort Collins, CO I have been deeply involved in Computer Security with a focus on Computer Forensic Investigations for almost 20 years. Highlights of my long career have been holding highly classified positions in a wide range of cutting edge IT Security environments, both in companies and government agencies around the world. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager / Owner CaffeinatedZen LLC - Sheridan, WY Present As a small business owner I have been operating an eCommerce business and learning or outsourcing Import/Export Logistics, Manufacturing, advertising, Invoicing, Accounting, and human resources. Forensic Specialist - Media Exploitation Specialist Various contract companies 2011 to 2013 In Afghanistan I worked for the US Military Intelligence and performed forensics on suspected terrorist media and propaganda via various forms of digital media. I performed my investigations under time constraints and in the active war zone on in an out-of-office environment. I was 2nd in command of the digital exploitation team and supervised the training of new employees as well as assisting their movement in the war theater. Forensic Specialist - Media Exploitation Specialist Various Contract Positions 2009 to 2010 In Iraq I performed forensics on multiple types of media both under time constraints and in the active war zone. I exploited suspected terrorist media and propaganda for US Army Intelligence in Baghdad Iraq and other locations under Operation Iraqi Freedom. NSA ISSO Security Operations Perot Systems - Denver, CO 2009 to 2009 As an Information System Security Officer (ISSO) I performed duties for the NSA and DOD located in a facility near Denver CO. I was frequently asked to advise the NSA Inspector General on forensic evidence procedures and best practices. Senior Technical Staff - DOD/NSA Contract Concurrent Technology Corporation - Fort Meade, MD 2006 to 2007 I was selected as the technical member to perform penetration and vulnerability analysis of NSA applications being built prior to their release to the NSA Information Assurance Team. Lead Technical Forensic Investigator Constellation Energy Group - Baltimore, MD 2004 to 2006 Personally selected to create and lead a computer forensic investigative team. Responsible for hundreds of technical and forensic investigations and training of entry-level team members in evidence collection. Created corporate documentation of forensic best practice procedures. Represented team in court and assisted legal counsel with investigations responsible for millions of dollars in company revenue. Daily contact with the COO and various VPs to give advice on specific forensic techniques and possible outcomes. Information Assurance Specialist - DOD Contract Dynetics, Inc. - Huntsville, AL 2003 to 2004 Worked with a team to develop best practice methods and procedures for conducting Certification and Accreditation of key government systems spread across a wide geographic area. Performed testing on secure networks and assisted in the technical aspect of the documentation of procedures. Computer Forensics Investigator / Security Systems Analyst - DOE Contract NCI Information Systems, Inc. - Oak Ridge, TN 2002 to 2003 Primary Computer Forensics Specialist for Department of Energy classified security group. Responsible for conducting forensic investigations in a classified environment and documenting proper forensic methods for Linux, BSD, Solaris, and Windows systems. Performed penetration testing for security violations and responsible for patching system vulnerabilities on key systems. NASA IT Security Analyst / System Administrator - NASA Contract CSC - Huntsville, AL 2000 to 2002 Shift lead for NASA Wide Area Network Intrusion Detection Team (NSOC). Worked with the Incident Response team to mitigate security incidents. Assisted in the setup and installation of Intrusion Detection Systems presently located at all NASA facilities. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration University of Alabama in Huntsville - Huntsville, AL 2000 Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Alabama in Huntsville - Huntsville, AL 2000 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Forensic Software (10+ years), EnCase (10+ years), Linux (10+ years) Additional Information During the past five years I created an Import/Export company and have been working in eCommerce as a business owner and manager.     I am presently looking to return to IT Technology as a career for both the satisfaction and mental engagement that forensics and computer security provides me.    During my personal time I enjoy adventure travel and adventure motorcycling across countries. Most recently I have visited and driven a motorcycle across Vietnam, Italy, France, Australia, and from Florida to Alaska to Panama and back.