Self Employed Owner/Operator Self Employed Owner/Operator Yadkinville, NC A highly motivated IT/Electronic professional with a verifiable record of professionalism, efficiency and accomplishment. Voted Employee Of The Month three times while working for the Department of Commerce.. Highly creative, recognized as a results-oriented and solution-focused individual. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Self Employed Owner/Operator Kosmic Mobile - Computer and Cellular Upgrade and Repair - Jonesville, NC November 2017 to Present I am currently self employed providing contract Home and Business IT services throughout the Winston-Salem, Lewisville, Clemmons, Yadkinville, Elkin, Jonesville and Rhonda areas. Services range from network design, implementation and troubleshooting, to custom ordered wiring solutions, electronic repair, PC hardware repair and Cell Phone repair. I travel the local and neighboring towns to provide customers with support for pc’s, tablets, phones, networks, radios, amps, and other electronic needs without them having to leave their home or place of business. Sr. IT Security Analyst II Lowe's Corporate Headquarters - Wilkesbo August 2016 to September 2017 • Provisioned employee accounts and access for Mainframe, UNIX and IBM AIX.  • Provisioned restricted A.D. accounts based on employee job requirements and needs  • Verified RSA Tokenization request and provisioned new access based on request approval from the RSA  • Created and submitted accurate and detailed Support Tickets that identified and categorized tech support issues.  • Provided prompt resolution to server/mainframe issues from Lowe's stores, country wide, through Remote Desktop Support  • Ran server side UNIX scripts to resolve issues preventing stores from completing task related to real time financial processing, control and manipulation of data, etc, required by Lowes Independent stores to function properly.  • Helped walk employees through step by step processes to resolve PC, VOIP, PDA and Ipad issues. Office Operations Supervisor for Administration US Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census - Winston-Salem, NC May 2009 to October 2010 Office Operations Supervisor for Administration  Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census Winston-Salem, NC    As the OOSA, I oversaw an administrative department of around 20 employees. My duties included but were not limited to:    • Maintaining administrative staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees; maintaining a safe and secure work environment; developing personal growth opportunities  • Planning and executing special projects by organizing and coordinating information and requirements; planning, arranging and meeting schedules; monitoring results. One example of this was the need to select, hire, process, train, and fingerprinting over 2500 employees in under a 2 and a half week period  • Effectively communicated with other departments to ensure quality selections of employees from correct geographic locations, while also approving and scheduling training locations based on track and county proximities  • Oversee and verify payroll on a weekly basis for over 2500 employees, as well as submitting payroll information to the regional and accounting offices for all discrepancies  • Accomplished staff results by communicating job expectations, planning, monitoring and appraising job results; Coaching, counseling and disciplining employees; initiating, coordinating and enforcing systems policies and procedures Office Operations Supervisor for Technology Department of Commerce, Bureau of the Census - Winston-Salem, NC 2009 to 2010 As the Office Operations Supervisor for Technology, my duties included but were not limited to:    • Selecting, interviewing, testing and training employees to be able to provide support utilizing Remedy ticketing software.  •Ensuring that IT staff were providing the needed technical assistance/support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.   • Ensuring users are provided access to efficient and timely first and second level support on a 7x24 basis.  • Performing staff scheduling to ensure Help Desk coverage during normal business hours and on-call support as was required.  • Ongoing observation and documentation to be applied to performance evaluations, promotions, raises in pay and disciplinary actions.  • Providing staff support for tasks and projects relative to the desktop, wide area network, local area network, and VOIP phone functions as well as other miscellaneous hardware support.  • Maintaining a central source of information to enable Help Desk Tech's to recover outages with minimal disruption to expected service levels.  • Isolating problem trends and ensuring that troubleshooting efforts were completed for recurring problems until permanent solutions were found.  • Ensuring that daily, weekly and monthly statistics, status reports and graphical reporting aids were completed and continually modified to meet the needs of the department.   • Ensuring that decisions made to improve the overall service provided by the Help Desk are continually carried through. Vice President of Operations Carolina Print and Packaging - Winston-Salem, NC February 2005 to July 2006 As the VP of Operations, I had a wide range of responsibilities. These included:    • Helping CEO develope a successful strategy for the rebirth of the company.   • Expected to find new areas for growth and improvement for the company that would expand our potential clientele and provide new opportunities to excel while growing the company's image.  • Develope and integrate systems to significantly impact variables such as cost, quality, loss and delivery time as well as standardize all aspects of Operations.  • Provide accountability and oversight to managers and subordinates while following up on project developments and tasks.  • Be a constant source of guidance, solutions and direction for subordinates on operation-related issues.  • Maintain thorough, up to date knowledge of the company's products and services, as well as the industry and competition.    We launch the company's rebirth with 4 employees and a single contract. Within six to eight months we had staffed over 200 full time employees and around 40 part time employees. This was possible due mainly to an aggressive strategy, that landed contracts with companies such as Hanes Brand, and Tyco Electronics, and quality results that you could trust to meet expectations every time. We processed and repackaged over 5 million items in our first 8 weeks.     After the initial startup, the company's pace picked up dramatically. I found myself with new responsibilities almost daily. I was charged with researching and attaining new contracts. I often had to meet or communicate with company department heads to negotiate contracts that were vital to our company's survival.     Once the company began to sustain itself, my responsibilities shifted more to Operational Cost Analysis and Estimation, as well as preparing regular presentations to show cost related comparisons and trends. Pricing for future contracts, number of employees the company needed to maintain, pay rates and expenses were all dependent on this data as well as its accuracy.     Before leaving the company, i helped establish a staffed sales department to handle current and future accounts. I helped to educate the staff on current polices/requirements, and trained them on techniques needed to be successful and continue to grow the company's image. Assistant Store Manager Verizon Wireless - Cellular & More - Petersburg, VA February 2004 to July 2006 Wireless Manager    Lead and assisted employees to successfully achieve business & personal sales goals. Other duties include:    • Delivered excellent customer service and support that inspired repeat visits and expanded customer base.  • Continuously developed product knowledge to guarantee the best suited product for the customer's needs.  • Managed multiple employees and always be able to recognize a challenge and identify a solution.  • Assisted in recruiting, on-boarding and training team members to achieve their full potential.  • ordering merchandise and supplies  • preventing losses and theft  • Regularly reporting to senior management on sales, employee and store statuses Education Associate of Arts in Computer Information Systems / Network Technologies / Computer Programming / Information Security Forsyth Technical Community College - Winston-Salem, NC 2006 to 2010 Skills Microsoft Excel, Access, Word, Powerpoint, Outlook, Quick Books, Help Desk Ticketing Software (Remedy as well as others), Database Entry/Edit, SQL, Visual Basic, Python. Strong fundamental knowledge of programming languages and techniques (3 years), Desktop Support, Information Technology, Network Support, It Specialist, Help Desk, Comptia, Cisco, Computer Repair, Secret Clearance Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Service Country: United States Rank: E-3 December 2003 to May 2006 Marine Occupational Specialty: Aerial Delivery Specialist    Duties:    • Rigging of lifesaving personnel parachutes (T-10D, MC1 etc)  • Rigging of G11 and G13 Heavy drop parachute systems for Air Delivery operations that required the dispensing of supplies by para-delivery drop.    Other Skills:    • Successfully completed required number of Fixed-Wing Skydives required to be authorized to jump from US Military aircraft in Wartime.  • Successfully completed required number of Rotary-Wing Skydives required to be authorized to jump from any US Military Helicopter configured for para-jump.  • Successfully completed required number of Skydives required to be authorized to jump from any US Military aircraft at nighttime, over large bodies of water and jumps requiring oxygen assistance.  .    Honorably Discharged Veteran - Global War on Terrorism Medal, National Defense Medal, Water Survival Qualified, Silver Jump Wings earned, Gold Jump Wings earned, Jump-master certified Additional Information Accomplishments:    • Voted employee of the month 3 consecutive months for design and implementation of an effective system to categorize, organize and maintain data related to time sensitive ongoing projects as well as dedication to helping others throughout the workplace  • Awarded Outstanding Achievement award for the ability to process the most applications before being promoted to OOSA (Office Operations Supervisor for Administration)  • Led the entire design team for System Analysis and Design class, focusing on AGILE design methods to design and create a helpdesk support system for Forsyth Area Memorial Hospital. System had to fall within budget and time restraints, as well as implement with the current support system. Also needed to support up to 2500 more employees and future growth and expansion.