Sr. Information Security Analyst Sr. Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. Information Security Analyst - Nemours Jacksonville, FL Work Experience Sr. Information Security Analyst Nemours - Jacksonville, FL January 2011 to Present Information security/assurance of server and network assets  ? Design, development, integration, testing and operation of secure network platforms and environments  ? Penetration testing and audit of internal and internet facing nodes  ? Remediation planning and implementation  ? Lead role in company's vulnerability analysis and remediation  ? Lead role in determining patching strategy across the entire enterprise  ? Train enterprise associates in security awareness  ? Specify and implement systems to generate security reports and metrics  ? Act as information security contact on large-scale projects  ? Lead cross department remediation of security incidents  ? Primary contact for all security incidents  ? Reporting and alerting for security related events  ? RSA enVision SIEM  ? Evaluate products and development efforts for security weaknesses.  ? Perform risk assessment and analysis at a project or facility level  ? Develop and implement high level technical strategies, detailed designs and integrated solutions as well as hands-on third level troubleshooting of complex problems  ? Develop, present and drive the implementation of internal and cross-functional integrated network  security solutions  ? Evaluate and provide recommendations for new technologies as well as stay current with new  functionality and features for existing security technologies    Selected Accomplishments - Nemours  ? Design and implement the following McAfee security technologies for over 5,000 endpoints  * McAfee Host intrusion prevention  * McAfee Encryption for Removable media - USB storage devices  * McAfee Data Loss Prevention for data at rest  ? Design and implement Internet filtering and malware analysis with Cisco's Ironport WSA  ? Implement enterprise SIEM - RSA enVision from the ground up.  ? Implement organization's Threat and Vulnerability management program Networks Engineer, Systems Administrator Computerland - Joplin, MO August 2013 to August 2013 March 1996 - August 2000    ? Supervise all major and minor installations of computer and network equipment and networks for an Internet providing branch of a company  ? Manage an Internet Provider Center infrastructure  ? Install and managed:  ? Email, DNS, news, Real Audio/video servers.  ? LAN and WAN networks for business customers from beginning to completion.  ? Firewalls and other components of large networks.    August 2013 Platinum JEA August 2013 to August 2013 August 2013 Selected Accomplishments - Idea Integration  ? Designed the architecture and coordinated the restructuring and upgrade of a large Public Utility  company's high-response server and network infrastructure for disaster recovery and business  continuity environments  case study - http://www.idea.com/case-studies/ (Platinum JEA)  ? Designed the architecture and coordinated a solution in order to correct the need for hardware  upgrade server consolidation and disaster recovery for servers involved in the Water/Waste Water  SCADA system.  case study http://www.idea.com/case-studies/ (SCADA System JEA)  ? Designed the architecture and coordinated an upgrade effort from an outdated Novell-based  system to a Microsoft Active Directory-based security and authentication system for Florida First  Circuit Court in Pensacola, Florida.  ? Designed the architecture and coordinated an effort to provide a high response, redundant server  system for Jacksonville Public Utility internal and customer-faced website.  case study http://www.idea.com/case-studies/ (JEA.COM) Director of Information Technology / Senior Infrastructure Security Manager Duos Technologies - Jacksonville, FL October 2009 to October 2009 June 2007 - December 2010    ? Ensure adherence to the standards of hardened networks and systems including HIPAA and US  government's DISA standards  ? Provide management support in each installation to guarantee that equipment is being installed in accordance with the security standards and specifications of each system design  ? Testing the systems for any potential security risks as well as insuring the data integrity and disaster recovery  ? Work with external customers on network security issues including network edge security and remote connectivity utilizing site to site VPN tunnels.    August 2013 ? Configure and provide top-tier support:  ? Microsoft Exchange servers, Active Directory and Microsoft SQL server  ? Company's VOIP infrastructure based on Cisco Call Manager  ? Company' network infrastructure based on Cisco networking equipment, including Cisco  ASA firewall, routers, and switches  ? VMWare ESX and Microsoft virtual servers  ? IIS, PHP, MySQL servers  ? Work with external customers on design and configuration of server farms for security  cameras with video analytics  ? Design and configure server and networking equipment for customer's remote sites: routers, Cisco  firewalls, Windows 2008 servers, IIS, MsSQL, MySQL and proprietary company software.  ? Manage Information Technology and Service Departments that provide service for over 250 servers spread over 30 geographic locations  ? Produce and manage Information Technology budget of over $850,000  ? Provide Customers and top management with architectural designs based on need and most cost-effective solution    Selected Accomplishments - Duos Technologies  ? Coordinated a large-scale network consolidation of four large offices into one building at a 1400  employee company in Washington DC.  ? Proposed and implemented Scorecard system to evaluate the performance of the each of the customer's sites that are under care of the Technology and Service Department. Identified and  improved weaknesses of the sites to increase overall performance.  ? Coordinated an effort to create a network monitoring system for internal as well as external  customer's server and network to provide around the clock monitoring and failure notification of IT  infrastructure health. False alarm rate decreased by over 75% from the previous system.  ? Led the team that deployed the IT infrastructure for a massive $3 million project for a security  network for Department of Homeland Security in Washington DC. Created a process to secure the infrastructure to the DISA Security standard. System Architect MPS Group - Jacksonville, FL May 2006 to June 2007 Gather functional project requirements pertaining to hardware systems (servers, storage, network  infrastructure, etc.)  ? Generating the highest level of system requirements, based on the customer's needs and other  constraints such as cost and schedule.  ? Create system documentation for each project, including detailed system diagrams, suitable for use in guiding system construction.  ? Document inherent risks regarding a system design when they cannot be avoided due to specific  functional requirements.  ? Evaluate existing documentation to validate internal or vendor-provided designs for integration in our  client's work environment.  ? Performing cost-benefit analyses to determine whether requirements are best met by manual,  software, or hardware functions; making maximum use of commercial off-the-shelf or already  developed components.  ? Generating a set of acceptance test requirements, together with the designers, test engineers, and the customer, which determine that all of the high level requirements have been met, especially for the computer-human-interface.  ? Generating products such as sketches, diagrams, and early user guides to keep the customer and the engineers constantly up to date and in agreement on the system to be provided as it is evolving. IT Manager Solantic LLC - Jacksonville, FL August 2004 to May 2006 Responsible for developing, engineering and implementing the IT Strategy component for LAN/WAN technology infrastructure, network security and capacity planning.  ? Responsible for Planning, Installation and Support of variety Windows-based servers  ? Configure and provide support for company's Citrix servers and thin-clients infrastructure  ? Responsible for Planning and executing all of the Company's networking needs during expansions.  ? Responsible for developing, refining and monitoring compliance with company policies and procedures including HIPAA compliance  ? Ensure support for significant changes to the technology environment as a result of establishing new office facilities and existing office moves or modifications  ? Write technical specifications and generate required documentation for efficient and cost-effective procurement of technology infrastructure components.  ? Support Disaster Recovery planning and execution    Selected Accomplishments - Solantic  ? Coordinated and managed opening of 7 Urgent health care facilities throughout Florida on time and within budget.  ? Created and managed company's IT department to allow for growth and excellent  customer service for a growing enterprise Winn Dixie Stores Inc - Jacksonville, FL January 2001 to August 2004 Work out Hardware and Software solutions for Winn Dixie corporate offices with Dell and IBM business  ? Work on special projects including communication to vendors and clients and provided  reports on the project progress to the upper management  ? Company-wide Windows 2000 testing and upgrade project