Owner/Operator Owner/Operator Windows System Administrator Joplin, MO Jack of all trades. From information security to writing SQL queries. From web design, to powershell scripts, I live and breathe technology. I am currently working on my Microsoft AZ-103 for Azure Administration, and have achieved a Comptia A+ and Security+. In my spare time, I enjoy working on my robotics projects, using my 3d printer, combined with a Raspberry Pi, and python programming. The latest feature I added was implementing google TTS(text to speech), by passing a string to their API and returning an mp3 to the speaker output. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Owner/Operator Carthage Web Design - Carthage, MO 2017 to Present • Business professional contact with potential clients  • Discuss clients needs and wants.  • Design and demonstrate prototype websites.  • Setup DNS, SSL, and server security. System Administrator / DevOps / IT Security LVM Systems 2015 to Present IIS Web Server Administration  • Apply software updates and patches to servers and products.  • Implemented pen testing using Metasploit and various open source scan tools built into Kali-Linux.  • Implemented Zabbix Server Monitoring software for our SQL  Database Administration and web servers.  • Responsible for 24/7 uptime of approximately 30+ Windows Servers and several Linux VM's. Application Support Analyst LVM Systems 2011 to 2015 • Supported proprietary software for hospitals around the country.  • Developed software "reports", using SQL queries.  • Developed custom portions of the software using C#, and SQL.  • Assisted clients IT dept. with setup and configuration of software including SQL scripts. Education Associate in Electronics High Tech Institute - Phoenix, AZ 2004 to 2006 Skills Linux Administrator, IIS (4 years), Windows Server (10+ years), Information Security (2 years), Active Directory (5 years), Linux, System Administrator, System Admin Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ March 2011 to March 2016 CompTIA Security+ March 2013 to March 2016 Microsoft Azure Administrator Present I am currently working on my Microsoft Azure Administrator certification, AZ103. Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bc2z7dwfcd2wlx3y Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.