Implementation Engineer Implementation Engineer Implementation Engineer Kent, WA Work Experience Implementation Engineer Verizon Wireless - Bellevue, WA December 2016 to March 2019 Created a proof-of-concept monitoring system using Grafana and MySQL, including diagrams scripted in Mermaid.  Lead and participated in Agile cross-functional projects utilizing DevOps methodologies.  Performed 24x7 support of LTE systems as Subject Matter Expert (SME).  Created project documentation, including user guides and technical review of projects from initial requirements through project end phase.   Performed thorough testing of software solutions for implementation utilizing Operations test cases and verifying results against initial requirements documents, from initial receipt through User Acceptance Testing and end user reviews.  Socialization of documentation via Confluence, G Suite document sharing, and group presentations.  Served as a liaison for vendors, internal customers, teammates, and a diverse range of departments.  Scripted automated solutions to challenging and routine technical issues for a multi-billion dollar revenue stream. Technician-Systems Verizon Wireless - Bellevue, WA May 2012 to December 2016 Performed advanced operation and maintenance of Solaris servers which transport regional network element billing data, and ensured network integrity and quality.   Performed troubleshooting of these platforms and as well as connections to multiple vendor systems.  Maintained system and platform applications.  Provided support to a varied user community.  Updated daily logs with site-specific information.  Composed clear, concise reports for system documentation.  Performed duties with minimum supervision.   Interpreted complex patterns in data transmission and applied solutions based on fact-based analysis.  Advised upstream providers of content issues due to misconfigurations and assisted with troubleshooting by providing relevant data points.  Performed 24x7 coverage of monitoring systems.  Documented and improved existing procedures and processes.  Provided peer leadership and guidance in technical subjects. IT Systems Access Analyst (Contractor) Swedish Medical Centers (Analysts In Motion) - Seattle, WA March 2011 to March 2012 Created, maintained, and removed user and object accounts to various systems utilizing manual Active Directory/LDAP updates as well as proprietary methods.  Ensured the appropriate level of access; ensured the proper availability of all types of enterprise applications and data communications systems and services.  Analyzed existing processes and audit user accounts.  Created and updated documentation. Data Security Analyst (Contractor) Regence (InfoGroup NW) - Seattle, WA January 2010 to January 2011 Analyzed and resolved access/ security issues for user, system, and batch accounts on multiple platforms.   Performed analysis and completion of security access requests.  Ensured the appropriate level of access; ensured the proper availability of all types of enterprise applications and data communications systems and services. Education AAS in Computer & Network Information Systems Security Clover Park College - Lakewood, WA September 2006 to March 2009 Skills Network Security (2 years), Linux (7 years), Account Management (2 years), Grafana (2 years), PostgresSQL (2 years), Shell scripting (Korn, Bash) (3 years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), As400 (2 years), Mainframe (2 years), Agile (1 year), Active Directory (2 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ June 2019 to June 2022 NSTISSI 4011, Information Systems Security Professional December 2008 to Present CNSSI 4013, Systems Administrator December 2008 to Present