Independent Contractor/Consulting Services Independent Contractor/Consulting Services Jamaica, NY Information security professional and veteran with more than 15 years of solid experience in information technology. Professional experience consists of knowledge in the following areas:    ? Computer Forensics ? Security Administration ? Network Administration  ? Digital Forensics ? Ethical Hacking ? Pentesting  ? Active Directory ? Desktop Support Services ? TCP/IP    Technical Software  Digital Forensics  ? AccessData FTK Imager ? PassMark OSForensics ? Sleuth Autopsy  ? Arc of NY ProDiscover ? Symantec Endpoint Protection  (Corporate Editions)  Advanced Pentesting  ? Kali Linux ? Parrot Security OS    Operating Systems &Productivity Software  ? Microsoft Windows 10/8/7/XP ? Ubuntu Linux ? Centos Linux  ? Microsoft Windows Server ?Microsoft Office 2016/2013/2010/2007  2012/2008    Programming Languages  ? PowerShell ? Python    Technical Hardware  Network Appliances  ? Cisco ASA/MerakiFirewall ? Cisco Routers and Switches ? ArcSight SIEM  ?Ubiquiti Unifi SG ? PFSense Open Source UTM ? Enterasys Dragon IDS  ? Bluecoat Proxy ? IpFire Open Source UTM ? Vyatta Open Source Gateway  ? Endian Security UTM ? Alienvault SIEM ? Ubiquiti Unifi 802.11 A/C AP  ? Sourcefire IDS Work Experience Independent Contractor/Consulting Services Raleigh, NC May 2012 to Present • Assist corporate & small business IT customers with managing LAN/WAN, Information Security and similar technologies as it related to and impacted their storage, disaster recovery, and backup and restore technologies their IT infrastructure.  • Remote monitoring and management of Cisco ASA and Meraki Firewall  • Provide support for MS Windows, MS Office 2010 & 2013 as well as, standard business applications  • Managed enterprise data application, the system installs, laptop notebooks smart phone upgrades internet, including planning, operations, and day-to-day management.  • Facilitated implementation and provided technical support for payroll, small retail system, hardware, and software operations. Set up configuration and troubleshooting of customers Websites and social media platform application and design.  • Management of Internet security for intrusion and virus detections.  • Utilization of bash and python programming scripts to harden open source Unified Threat Management firewalls  • Organization Location Services Performed  N C Rural Fund for Development Client's Eastern, NC Office has closed. Non Disclosure agreement no longer active.  Eastern, NC Desktop Support break fix Built and monitored Open Source UTM Anti-Malware mitigation & Support Onsite and Remote Support Service Desk Analyst Chevron Corporation - Cary, NC August 2015 to February 2016 CDI Corporation)  • Service Desk Analyst responsible for providing Level 1 remote technical support via telephone to Chevron employees, consultants, and personnel on oil rigs and ships at sea.  • Utilized ServiceNow to record incident and ticket tracking.  • Remote configuration and IOS support of iPhone devices.  • Provide status updates to management and supervisory staff. Contractor-Managed Desktop Support Services United States Environmental Protection Agency - Raleigh, NC April 2014 to May 2014 Teksystems)  • Contractor for Managed Desktop Support Services responsible for the provisioning and deprovisioning of Dell desktop and laptop hardware.  • Provided Level I and Level II hardware and software support for EPA personnel.  • Imaging and deployment of Hewlett Packard, Lenovo Dell desktops and laptops.  • Verified targeted workstations were utilizing the latest Symantec signature files.  • Primary investigation and analysis of user level TCP/IP & network port connectivity issues.  • Resolved client issue with the confines of the Acceptable Usage Policy & US EPA Security Policy Desktop/Migration Analyst Department of Motor Vehicles for State of North Carolina - Raleigh, NC May 2013 to March 2014 DataStaff)  • Contractor for Managed Desktop Support Services responsible for the provisioning and deprovisioning of HP desktop hardware at DMV office location throughout the state. Migration included outdated versions of MS Windows to Windows 7 and Microsoft Office to Office 2010.  • Initial deployment of credit card readers at DMV Driver License Offices. Strict compliance of PCI, Data Security Standards was adhered to per the installation process.  • Installed McAfee Endpoint Encryption Software on the workstation connected to the card reader.  • Followed QA standards to ensure operational efficiency of workstations and credit card readers.  • Coordinate with managers of the various DMV locations and staff installations schedules. Contractor- IT Security Analyst Koniag Services, Inc - Durham, NC June 2011 to April 2012 Monitored and enforced compliance with documented and distributed agency system security policies and standards in a team environment. Analyzed TCP/IP network traffic as well as network port traffic for abnormal activity. Protected agency assets by anticipating and leading the response to potential computer-related threats and vulnerabilities.  • Resolved client issue with the confines of the Acceptable Usage Policy & S.S.A. Security Policy  • Monitoring Intrusion Detections and Prevention Systems via Enterasys Dragon, SourceFire & ArcSight Security Information Event Management (SIEM) for active alerts and determine priority of responses.  • Identified possible intrusion attempts or other anomalies via McAfee Antivirus Defense/Endpoint Security.  • Filtered non-threatening network traffic via Bluecoat Proxy SG for enhanced reporting accuracy.  • Incident handling of new threats. Occasionally required to initiate and assist in drafting remediation strategies. Systems Specialist Duke Clinical Research Institute - Durham, NC October 2010 to May 2011 Ettain Group)  • Systems Specialist responsible for providing telephone and remote technical support at the DCRI Service Desk for 1500 users. Utilized Footprints & REMEDY Incident Management Ticketing System.  • Provide telephone and remote technical support for MS Office 2010 Applications during and after Migration.  • Provided telephone and remote technical support for Active Directory account and folder permissions  • Provide telephone and remote technical support Citrix Metaframe, Lotus Notes, as well as, MS Windows XP, Vista, and Windows 7 Operating Systems.  • Verified targeted workstations were utilizing the latest McAfee DAT files.  • Resolved client issue with the confines of the Acceptable Usage Policy & O.I.T. Security Policy. Education Durham Technical Community College - Durham, NC 2018 to Present psychology Wake Technical Community College - Raleigh, NC 2007 to Present Certificate Wake Technical Community College - Raleigh, NC 2012 Computer Science Bronx Community College - Bronx, NY 1989 to 1990