Information Security Engineer II / Incident Responder Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer II / Incident Responder Information Security Engineer II / Incident Responder - Research OSINT Denver, CO Work Experience Information Security Engineer II / Incident Responder Research OSINT - Denver, CO February 2018 to Present • Perform Incident Response, remediate, and document security events in our network such as malware, brute force attempts, IDS alerts, FireEye NX, and more.  • Proactive Threat Hunting for IOCs in our SIEMs like ArcSight, FireEye HX, Splunk, Kibana, LogLogic, and Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics.  • Analyze FireEye triages and memory dumps with Redline and Volatility.  • Reverse Engineer Malware manually with REMnux/Windows VMs, or automated with FireEye AX, Cuckoo, etc., and an understanding of static and dynamic analysis.  • Create scripts and automate tasks with Python and PowerShell and manage some of our internal repositories with GitLab.  • Stop phishing campaigns and search emails with FireEye EX.  • Research OSINT for domains and hashes to determine if they're malicious and add indicators to MISP to check for correlations. Security Analyst / IT Administrator Broomfield, CO June 2016 to February 2018 • Collaborate with our InfoSec team and penetration test our network to look for vulnerabilities and fix them.  • Initiate mass vulnerability scans with Nessus to search for vulnerabilities in our network.  • Patch our Linux systems when new CVE security alerts are sent to us through Canonical and Spacewalk.  • Trace suspicious emails by headers to check if they are sent from a legitimate source.  • Verify if sent email attachments are malicious by opening in REMnux and Windows VMs.  • Implement PowerShell daily with self-created modules and scripts to parse through Event Viewer for account lockouts, failed login attempts, etc.  • Demonstrated the scanner in MetaSploit to multiple teams so they could check if servers were vulnerable to WannaCry. Security Analyst Card Holder Data Networks - Englewood, CO February 2016 to June 2016 Contract Job)  • Management and consultation for clients on network security aspects for large to small businesses  • Analyze and respond to security threats from Firewall, Intrusion Detection Systems, Intrusion Prevention Systems, Antivirus, and other security threat data sources  • Configure, manage, and upgrade FW, IDS, IPS, NAC, Encryption and a wide variety of other security products/appliances  • Use strong TCP/IP networking skills to perform network troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common network problems  • Adhere to policies, procedures, and security practices  • Utilize Backbone Network Equipment such as Splunk, WhatsUpGold, Windows Servers, and IPSec VPN Concentrators  • Troubleshoot/Administrate LAN/WAN networks  • Configure, manage, and upgrade unified threat management (UTM) devices and a wide variety of other network security products (Fortinet UTMs, OpenWRT, Routers, Modems, and Cisco Switches)  • Prevent social engineering attacks against clients and protect their secure CDE/CHDN (Credit Data Environment/Card Holder Data Networks)  • Analysis of both real time and logged traffic flow to determine root causes of issues arising from unknown factors with little information  • Utilize Command line interfaces for FortiOS, Windows, and Linux devices Support Engineer CMIT Solutions - Denver, CO October 2013 to February 2016 • Performed multiple email migrations to Office 365 and proficient with fixing backend issues with PowerShell.  • Deployed DirSync to synchronize on-premise Active Directory passwords with Office 365.  • Performed Physical-to-Virtual migrations in Hyper-V and VMware and experience supporting those environments.  • Experience with Exchange 2007/2010/2013 and the Exchange Management Shell.  • Managed Enterprise Malware endpoint solutions such as Vipre and Webroot Secure Anywhere.  • Responsible for maintaining backups such with ShadowProtect, Datto BDR, and Windows Server Backup. Technical Service Advisor MICROSOFT - Lone Tree, CO June 2011 to October 2013 • Used MDT to deploy custom images to Surface tablets for our business customers.  • Provided customer service and technical support to customers with a wide range of hardware and software issues, including: Windows, Office, Mac OS's, Android, iPhone, Windows Phone and much more. Education Information Security Assurance Davenport University 2012 to 2013 Kent Career Tech Center - Grand Rapids, MI January 2003 to May 2005 Skills Penetration Testing, Forensic