Job Seeker Work Experience WInterWyman - John Snow Inc - Arlington, VA February 2019 to April 2019 contract)    • Daily VTC equipment checks and maintenance  • Creating, triaging, and closing tickets daily using Dell KACE  • Asset Tracking in Dell KACE  • Performing account unlocks and password resets  • Imaging Dell desktops and laptops through the KACE appliance  • Assisting customers remotely via Dell KACE  • End user troubleshooting for all hardware, software and network related issues  • Educating and assisting users with learning new technologies and job-related applications  • MS Office 2016 and O365 application troubleshooting  • Providing VIP Level customer service to all customers on site and remotely Help Desk Specialist Robert Half Technology - International Foundation for Electoral Systems - Arlington, VA December 2018 to February 2019 • Providing White Glove support and troubleshooting for all VIP and customer requests in person, through email or by phone daily.  • Troubleshooting Mac devices as needed (iMac, iPads, iPhones, MacBook's)  • Responsible for inventory and asset management  • Working within AD daily performing password resets, account unlocks, and account creations  • Creating and assigning Skype for Business DID's  • Training end users on how to use MS Office 2016 and Office365 products  • Ensuring accuracy of all naming conventions of machines and user accounts and reconciling AD to ensure uniformity  • Using the Office365 admin center to create, and administer email accounts and licenses  • Troubleshooting and resolving SharePoint requests from adding site permission to creating list libraries.  • Installing and swapping hardware components as needed  • Maintaining overall integrity of the network and environment daily by use of proactive monitoring and always adhering to SLA's Help Desk Specialist Robert Half Technology - International Foundation for Electoral Systems - Arlington, VA September 2018 to December 2018 • In person and over the phone White Glove level customer support to all customers and users within the organization  • Assisting users with SSO issues  • Imaging Dell and HP desktops and laptops using SCCM  • Supporting all MS Office 365 applications in use by customers including Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint  • Troubleshooting and supporting Windows 10 and Mac OS in a fast-paced environment  • Using the Track- It ticketing system to log tickets and resolutions, triage tickets, and document those resolutions  • Handling multiple tickets and projects simultaneously  • Providing VTC support and setting up conference calls when requested  • Responsible for tracking shared resource IT assets and equipment  • Active Directory management, account creations, password resets, group policy implementation  • Providing remote and on-site support troubleshooting hardware and software Network Administrator/Desktop Support Immediate Response Technologies - Landover, MD March 2018 to September 2018 • In person or by phone, performing analysis, diagnosis, and resolutions of simple and complex desktop problems for end-users, and recommending and implementing corrective solutions, including off-site repairs for remote users as needed.  • Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot end-user workstations and related hardware and software in order to meet required desktop service levels.  • Assessing the need for and implementing performance upgrades to PC's, including the installation of components, hard drives, cables, hard drives, RAM, etc.  • Documenting, upholding and enforcing all standard operating procedures for logging, reporting, and statistically monitoring desktop operations.  • Receive and respond to incoming calls, and/or e-mails regarding desktop problems in a timely and professional manner.  • Providing technical support on IT-related projects as requested; provide documentation of project activities, create and execute system testing; provide customer follow up where system changes are implemented. User Support Specialist United Research Co - Chevy Chase, MD January 2018 to March 2018 contract)    • Timely and high-quality support of users, computers and all IT equipment for staff.  • Provide network support, including maintaining connectivity for users, troubleshooting and resolving issues.  • Ensure the staff have Single Sign On (SSO) access to HQ systems. Follow up and resolve the issues with each system owner as necessary.  • Monitors Help Desk including e-mail requests, answering telephone calls, and ticket management.  • Respond to the requests and/or problems in a timely manner while providing a high level of customer service.  • Proactively address needed improvements and maintenance requirements for collaboration technologies in conference rooms. Desktop Support Technician XA Systems - National Institute of Health - Rockville, MD October 2017 to January 2018 contract)    • Supporting the Office of The Director, for the National Institutes of Health (NIH)  • First line support - troubleshooting of IT related problems from in-house software to hardware; Laptops, Macs, PCs and Printers, and VOIP phones  • Providing front line support to the operation of the VIP customers  • Support troubleshooting of network issues (IP configuration, bandwidth, DNS & command line tools, Ping, etc.)  • Android, and IOS mobile devices; problem/incident recording, and problem resolution/escalation  • Interact with external users to obtain and convey concise problem information in a professional manner by phone, email, and in person  • Provisioning, installing, and troubleshooting telecom issues Systems Support Specialist Bureau of Land Management - Washington, DC November 2016 to October 2017 contract)    • Supporting Bureau of Land Management Help desk team, within The Department of The Interior  • Fulfilling requests and resolving incidents within SLAs on a daily basis to ensure service related issues are identified and resolved within established SLAs  • Responding to alerts and escalations and working with both user and IT support groups to come up with strategic solutions to recurring problems  • Owning, tracking and resolving incidents and requests  • Supporting, troubleshooting and maintaining users on premises and remotely  • Using the Remedy ETS to proactively monitor problems, tasks and requests across the network.  • Responsible for building, configuring and managing our deployment server for imaging workstations.  • Setting up equipment for employee use, performing and ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, and appropriate software Desktop Support Lead Rapid Financial Services, LLC - Bethesda, MD September 2015 to November 2016 • Supporting, troubleshooting and maintaining users on premises and remotely  • Training, administering, and educating end users on how to use applications and COTS such as, MS Office 2013, Windows 7, Adobe CC Apps, etc  • Using the Zendesk ETS to proactively monitor problems, tasks and requests across the network.  • Administering telecommunications using MiTel phone software and POE phones; creating extensions, mailboxes, fax lines, etc.  • Utilizing Active Directory to create and administer accounts, OU's, etc within the domain;  • Using Exchange and the EMC to manage email across the network.  • Network patching, implementing security rules, managing the AV security across systems on the network.  • Administering and configuring VPN, and remote access capabilities for users. Desktop Support Specialist HireStrategy - Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute - Washington, DC March 2015 to August 2015 contract)    • Troubleshooting, upgrading, and diagnosing application and system problems to enable ongoing business.  • Training end users in access, security, use, and customization of Office 365 and Skype for Business  • Monitoring Zendesk, setting up automated alerts, and performance notifications to proactively address problems.  • Resolving issues related to MS applications and Office 365 remotely when applicable.  • Rapidly respond to problems in workflow or unmet business  • Utilizing Active Directory to create and administer accounts for users within Office 365 and Skype for business  • Confirming program objectives and specifications by testing new programs; comparing programs with established standards;  • Setting up equipment for employee use, and testing components for full functionality. Tier 2 Technical Support Analyst HireStrategy - Chronicle of Higher Education - Washington, DC October 2014 to March 2015 contract)    • Providing superior technical support to users on windows and mac platforms.  • Providing technical support in the use of Chronicle applications and COTS products such as, Adobe, and MS Office 2013, and MS Lync, with solutions, innovations, advice and/or recommendations in a swift and efficient manner.  • Proactively conducting research for resolving problems, utilizing all resources, knowledge base articles and other indexes.  • Troubleshooting software, hardware, and computer-related peripherals.  • Providing the highest quality customer service with courteous, prompt and accurate communication.  • Utilizing Electronic Ticketing software to maintain status of all work, as well as keeping detailed notes on all tickets, and triaging. Help Desk Analyst Insight Global - Walker & Dunlop LLP October 2013 to October 2014 contract)    • Providing outstanding phone support and customer service in compliance with established policies and procedures  • End-user software troubleshooting and support to internal and external users  • Assisting in the administration of remote user workstations and resolution of remote connectivity issues, as needed  • Providing excellent help-desk and email support for local and off-site users.  • Maintaining current knowledge of the windows 7 desktop environment, networking, access technologies, and applications supporting users.  • Install, configure, and upgrade computer hardware and software, as needed. IT Security Consultant SNAP, Inc - Washington, DC February 2013 to October 2013 contract)    • Supported Government (USDA-NASS) Execs and VIPS  • Using NESSUS Scans to identify vulnerabilities within each subnet  • Imaging laptops with Windows 7 using USB drives  • Running various scripts and patch files to alleviate all issues within the identified machines on each subnet  • Verifying each patch was applied by using scripts to reboot the machines remotely and running after scans to verify Skills Ms office, Network troubleshooting, Deployment, Ms office 2010, Office 2010, Mac, Mac os, Windows xp, Customer service, Imac, Process improvement Additional Information Specialized Skills  • Windows XP,7, 8, 10  • Mac OS X (Sierra, El Captain, Mojave)  • MS Office 2010, 2013, 365 (Lync, Skype for Bus.)  • Customer Service  • Network Troubleshooting  • Process Improvement  • Desk Side Support Services  • IMAC Support (Install, Move, Add, Change)  • Deployment, configuration, and upgrades