Senior Communications Consultant/Web Content Manager Senior Communications Consultant/Web Content Manager Senior Communications Consultant/Web Content Manager Baltimore, MD Work Experience Senior Communications Consultant/Web Content Manager Tantus Technologies (Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS)) - Windsor Mill, MD May 2018 to April 2019 The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) initiated efforts to modernize IT Service Management (ITSM) processes, transitioning from the Oracle RightNow® Tool to the ServiceNow® Tool. Supporting CMS in this software transition project, I assumed the role of a Knowledge Management Subject Matter Expert (SME). Working alongside the Human-Centered Design (HCD) Team, began implementing change configuration strategies to introduce the ServiceNow Tool. Assessed user analytics, performed requirements gathering to execute the transition, and interviewed software end users, ultimately creating user persona summary reports and assisted in creating high-fidelity HCD prototypes.  • Authored and published project content documentation using the JIRA/Confluence Collaboration Software (Atlassian Suite) and ensured that all new web content met established CMS standards, industry best practices, and AP style guidelines. Adhering to a standardized documentation strategy across all CMS Lines of Business met client requests.  • Collaborated with the Web Content Management Team to deliver weekly status updates to CMS clients, and communicated all client submitted change requests regarding project plans to key program stakeholders. As a result of detailed MS Project plans, the team was able to define realistic objectives, set SMART goals, and create product roadmaps. Deadlines were met.  • Used MS Visio to document back-end workflows and front-end contractor flows. Published a standardized Knowledge Management Summary Report that contained qualitative RightNow data collection from internal CMS end users. Used MS Excel to gather quantitative analytics from CMS staff responsibilities spreadsheet, revealing the RightNow tool was underutilized.  • Delivered Knowledge Discovery findings to ServiceNow Tool developers and system architects. Led weekly knowledge transfer sessions and described the data collection path. Senior Communications Director/Marketing Brand Strategist Golden Technologies Incorporated - Scranton, PA September 2015 to March 2017 Built a strategic brand platform that guided this ISO-9001 organization to top-rated delivery of Durable Medical Equipment (DME) products within the marketplace. Formed a high performing team of marketers, brand strategists, and researchers to power brand awareness. Influenced senior leadership across the business and mobilized an organization to adapt and deliver on the various strategies. Amplified the market research and insight function to serve as a rallying point for Regional Sales Presidents to better understand the target customer, their needs, and how Golden products could best attract new customers. Hired and supervised four employees who packaged and shipped approximately 150+ collateral orders per day from the on-site Fulfillment Center.  • Led a variety of tactical marketing and communications strategies that supported the company's SMART (specific, measurable, attainable, relevant, time-based) sales goals.  • Exceeded progressive sales goals 19 of the 21 months during tenure. Authored industry magazine articles, encouraging retailers to utilize Golden's proven sales strategies.  • As a vital member of the Engineering Change Board (ECB), oversaw the communication for all change requests and change management processes, from the initiation and sign-off to the installation of newly updated parts for product improvement. Worked with the R&D department to markup CAD drawings promptly, measured newly designed in-house products, updated website content, catalogs, and marketing collateral with the most current product specifications. Launched new products, highlighting updated features at MedTrade shows.  • Implemented innovative rebranding strategies that influenced the entire company's sales goals and strategy for success. As such, Golden was the recipient of the MedTrade® Innovation Award in 2016 for their Daydreamer® reclining lift chair. In 2017, Golden again won the MedTrade Innovation Award for their SpaceSaver® reclining lift chair.  • Brand awareness and product sales were at an all-time company high (in 30 years!), the Marketing budget was increased to $225k quarterly, video and commercial production was in place, and Golden won two Bronze Telly® Awards. Previously skeptical Golden retailers were now willing to purchase the award-winning commercials to play in their stores. $30k in profits were procured from video sales in Q4 of 2016. Increased profits and updated Mission and Vision statements created a positive workplace culture and improved employee retention. Senior Communications Consultant/PMO Analyst Department of Homeland Security, (DHS) at the United States Coast Guard (USCG) - Alexandria, VA August 2014 to August 2015 Alexandria, VA 08/2014-08/2015 Homeland Security (DHS) Analyst USCG procured numerous contracts 2014 to 2015 for CGCYBER AND Mission Support Program Management. As the USCG Senior Communications Consultant and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Analyst within the Project Management Office (PMO), I developed and distributed critical technical communications deliverables; Regularly released ALCOASTs (USCG restricted web content and email messages), dashboard project status briefings, including overviews of consultant-provided IT project management services as per PMBOK standards, articles published within the Reservist Magazine, and change requests submitted during the planning, requirements gathering, and analysis phases of program documentation.  • Coast Guard Telecommunication and Information Systems Command (TISCOM) leadership released approved Statements of Work (SOW), I drafted and published official technical Communications Action Plans (CAPs) and Stakeholder Matrixes that defined improved processes, integration efforts, and the implementation of communication campaigns, initiative planning, branding, media relations, and crisis communication tactics.  • Published a baseline technical white paper that defined the "as-is state" and predicted the "to be," business processes, value-added, defined roles and responsibilities, and documented communication improvements during the course of the DHS PMO contract. Communications Consultant/Change Management Specialist Federal Aviation Administration - Washington, DC September 2013 to June 2014 Conceptualized long-term business requirements and collected input from Federal Aviation Administration leadership regarding organizational change management plans and business process improvements. Achieved dispute resolution using problem-solving tactics and mutual understanding of opposing viewpoints. Performed impromptu client coaching and advising.  • Executed organizational change management best practices to facilitate forward thinking, conflict-resolution meetings, and team building events for 50+ Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) program personnel and Lockheed Martin executive and management staff, achieving mutually respectful working relationships in record time (less than three months).  • Maintained project plans, dashboards, Gantt charts, and program policy audits. Through assertive advisory client interactions, gathered buy-in from disputants.  • Presented the FAA PMO with officially signed documents containing National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (NPIAS) proposed program solutions for official reporting to Congress. IT Communications Analyst/Data Capture Project Manager The United States Census Bureau - Washington, DC May 2012 to September 2013 High profile Government contract assignment supporting the US Census Bureau Economic Directorate Division Chief of Data Systems, during which I managed the 2012 Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Pilot, accurately identifying and documenting major internal data capture business processes performed within the Innovation and Technology Office.  • Successfully managed the Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) Deployment Pilot Project, collaborating closely with the IT Services Office and IT staff to record installation test results in Q3 of 2012. Over 200 critical personnel had VDI client software installed with VPN rights to begin telecommuting in Q4 of 2012, reducing the ED Division budget by over $100k.  • Supporting the Client-Side Developers, extensively researched the data capture processes and authored change management policy documents to be implemented in 2020.  • Developed and delivered mandatory training sessions, presenting the Key from Image (KFI) Technology processes to over 1,500 staff members. Because of this KFI training, data collection policies and procedures were streamlined at the Bureau. By early 2013, the US Census Bureau determined the organization saved up to 35% on their data capture costs as compared to 2012, and the Bureau continued to save as much as 12% in the out years by moving from the key from paper (KFP) environment to the newly instated KFI (Key from Image) Technology. Senior Strategic Communications Writer VA-PSAS - Washington, DC May 2011 to February 2012 Developed the Department of Veterans Affairs Prosthetics and Sensory Aid Services entire online presence, including the management of intranet website content, external website content, and all social media platforms. Published Communication Strategies and Change Management Plans to inform VA field personnel (hospital service providers) of upcoming changes to policies, including internal communication methodologies and dissemination of work products. Executed the development of programs that portrayed and maintained favorable public and key stakeholder views of the agency's agenda and accomplishments. Speech writing included researching policy changes and clearly articulating their intent for town hall attendees.  • Collaborating closely with the National Director, organized Congressional Briefings and developed the policy presentations that were delivered on Capitol Hill.  • Published critical messaging, branding, and agency positioning statements that increased website traffic and social media traffic by an average of 30% each month, using cutting-edge marketing and communications techniques. Translated technical jargon and metrics into business terms, increasing collaboration and reducing in-person meeting costs.  • Executed distribution of the VA-Prosthetics Department Newsletters to nationwide VA field personnel, saving over $15k in Government costs by independently performing newsletter article research, writing, and publishing. Managed all PSAS website content which included the creation and maintenance of current homepage content, executive dashboard presentations and technical white papers, newsletters, webcasts, press releases, and new website landing pages, as necessary. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE degree in ENGLISH UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND-COLLEGE PARK - College Park, MD Skills Change management, Product management, Rfp, Content management, Html, Visio, Erp, Knowledge management, Content management systems, Sharepoint, Jira, Crm, Peoplesoft, Sops, Organizational change, Marketing, Roi, Brand awareness, Market research, Digital marketing Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  Assertive Communications Leadership, Market Research, Social Media Advertising, Content Marketing, Digital Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Vendor Evaluation and Management, Request for Proposal (RFP) Documents, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), Brand Awareness, Sales Lead Nurturing Tactics, Identification of Customer Touchpoints, Technical Writing, Scientific Writing, Persona Summary Reports, Human-Centered Design, Advanced Knowledge Discovery and Knowledge Management Skills, Knowledge Transfer and Project Summary Reporting, Key Performance Indicators (KPI), Marketing Metrics and Return on Investment (ROI), Project Management, Product Management, Competitor Research, SWOT Analysis, Vision Statements, Strategic Planning; SMART Goals and Objectives, Milestones, Roadmaps, Resource and Budget Management, Management Consulting, Stakeholder Advising, Conflict-Resolution, Meeting Facilitating, Training Module Creation and Delivery, Speech Writing, Organizational Change Management (OCM), Business Process Improvement, and Project Governance  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, SharePoint), Adobe Creative Suite (Illustrator and InDesign), Drupal, WordPress, (Content Management Systems), HTML and WYSIWYG Editors, Magnet Mail, Constant Contact, Mail Chimp, JIRA Software and Confluence Collaboration Tools (Atlassian Suite), Section 508 Compliance Testing, SEO and Google Analytics, SalesForce (CRM), PeopleSoft, ServiceNow, and Seradex (ERP)