Security Admin II <span class="hl">Security</span> Admin II Security Professional Brownsburg, IN A reliable, self-motivated U.S. Air Force Veteran and CompTIA Certified Professional with hands-on experience with Windows platforms, including troubleshooting and break/fix processes as well as Security related issues. Over 7 years of customer service skills, with a continued commitment to education. An established reputation as a hard-working, reliable, and positive team player blended with an ability to learn new things quickly with excellent customer service and communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Admin II Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance, Inc - Indianapolis, IN February 2016 to February 2017 • Familiar with various IPS/IDS tools, such as: Cisco Firepower, Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator, CrowdStrike Falcon, AlienVault, etc.  • Active Directory capabilities (reset/change passwords, unlock user accounts, etc.).  • Tier 1 triage for security incidents and escalate as needed.  • Trained and educated users about security awareness to ensure system security and help improve server and network efficiency. This would affect everyone on a companywide level of 2,500 employees, or case-by-case basis. Security Analyst/Consultant Capgemini Government Solutions - Indianapolis, IN February 2014 to August 2015 Contract)  • Assigned to have an "eyes on glass" detection role regarding Tier 1 triage for security incidents, and then action those incidents as required.  • Monitored the US SOC Inbox and Spam Inbox for any potential email messages containing malicious malware that could harm the Rolls-Royce network.  • Trained users and promoted security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency.  • Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and discussed procedures with violators to ensure violations are not repeated.  • Tools used: Sourcefire, IronPort, McAfee ePO Orchestrator, BlueCoat. IT Help Desk Technician (Contract) Pacers Sports & Entertainment - Indianapolis, IN April 2013 to August 2013 • Imaged and configured new computers as designated per user privileges.  • Maintained troubleshooting documentation using Spiceworks IT management ticketing software.  • Provided IT support for Pacers and Fever home basketball games as well as Tier 2 support to employees through hands-on service, over the phone, and remote desktop.  • Utilized Banker's Life Fieldhouse for their events (concerts, community outreach programs, etc.). This also included setting up meetings and audio visual equipment for internal and external customers.  • Installed cabling/wiring for IP specific ports through the facility to gain internet access.  • Attended weekly facility and departmental meetings for updates on upcoming and past events. IT Help Desk Technician Ivy Tech Community College - Columbus, IN January 2012 to December 2012 • Provided Tier 2 support to students and faculty hands-on and over the phone.  • Imaged and configured new computers. Also performed routine updates to Windows desktop and third-party software.  • Migrated user data and information to new machines such as: Windows XP to 7, user emails (i.e. folders, older emails, etc.)  • Maintained troubleshooting documentation with proprietary software ticketing system specific to Ivy Tech.  • Provided hardware (CPU components, monitors, and peripherals), software (McAfee, Java, Adobe updates), as well as printer and laptop support for over 1,000 users across 6 counties.  • Provided support for Outlook 2010 email services such as end user configuration.  • Experienced in removal of virus and malware issues. Education Associate of Applied Science degree in Information System Security in Information System Security Ivy Tech Community College - Columbus, IN May 2014 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jmccarter1976/ Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ September 2016 to September 2019 CompTIA Security+ ce Groups Infragard May 2011 to Present