Software consultancy and hosting company Software consultancy and hosting company Renton, WA Information Security, Networking, and Systems Administrator.  A highly adaptable Information Security Professional with 10+ years of experience working in diverse office environments and cultures. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software consultancy and hosting company Clearvision-CM November 2016 to July 2017 Install and maintain Atlassian tools for clients Including JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Bamboo.     Consulted in the proper use and Configuration of Atlassian products.    Consulted internally for Secure implementation of security standards such as PCI-DSS, Sarbanes-Oxley, and HIPAA.    Trained new Employees in Atlassian software installation in Windows, Linux, and Unix environments.    Led training engagements with clients in the use of Jira software.    Developed “JIRA in a box” scalable preconfigured virtual machine instances which would reduce deployment and training time by 65%. Help Desk Analyst EWEB - Eugene, OR October 2015 to February 2016 Efficiently developed documentation about security policy and data management authorization.    Managed interdepartmental communications relating to IT infrastructure.  Created tutorials and documentation for users of new systems that were being installed (Puppet and Jira).    Coordinated with end users and technicians during workstation migrations and network installs.  Initiated emergency response for intrusion detection alerts.    Developed a service desk system to route trouble tickets for all aspects of Information Services. Security Analyst Symantec - Springfield, OR April 2014 to June 2015 Remotely removed Virus/malware from end users computer and protected Symantec brand name.    Directly managed software license administration and reported any fraudulent activities or violations of the terms of service to fraud prevention.    Implemented intrusion detection systems such as antivirus, firewalls, and configured them to the needs of the end user.     Provided support cross-platform support for Mac, Android, and Microsoft devices.    Collected data relating to social engineering schemes(Emails, phone recordings, malware samples,) and submitted them to security response and brand protection.     Assisted customers in remediation of identity theft by providing guidance as to how to alert authorities.     Worked extensively with a Salesforce CRM management system.     SQL injection attack analyses.     Bash scripting     Python development.     V-sphere client environment.    Accomplishments:   Maintained a 98% customer satisfaction ratio.    Created content for and facilitated CISSP training while studying to take the test myself.    Built strong cross-functional relationships that resulted in a positive and productive outcome for both employees and customers.    developed training material based on network analysis(packet sniffing, port scanning, etc.) IT Technician Addison Group - Tulsa, OK April 2013 to July 2013 Managed services    Support for 15 businesses in a many different environments    Supported users with remote access.    Windows server 2003 and 2008 server maintenance and administration.    Active directory administration.    General support for workstations printers and smartphones.    Onsite inspections of network configurations and physical connections. Help Desk Technician Hewlett-Packard - Tulsa, OK October 2012 to April 2013 Call center environment    Support for Electric/gas Company for users in the state of New York    Supported users with remote access.    Management of RSA keys for RSA token authentication system used for VPN connections.    Active directory administration.    General support for workstations. Help Desk Technician AAA - Tulsa, OK July 2011 to October 2012 Call center environment with 50 agents.    54 offices across 2 states.    Installed deployment process using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit.    Support/administration of point of sale software, card scanners, and receipt printers.    Active directory administration.    Trained a new hire    Support for Galileo/ Apollo Reservation    System Support for terminal servers Data retention for transition to new infrastructure Performed a full site migration of a call center. Customer Service Alorica - Tulsa, OK April 2010 to March 2011 Provide end user support for hardware issues    Locating warranty contracts    Transferring to different departments Education Bachelor of Technology in Information Assurance and Forensics Oklahoma State University IT - Okmulgee, OK 2007 to 2013 Associate in Applied Science in Network Infrastructure Oklahoma State University IT - Okmulgee, OK 2012 to 2012 Associate in Applied Science in Information Security Oklahoma State University IT - Okmulgee, OK 2007 to 2012 Associate in Science in Information Technology Oklahoma State University IT - Okmulgee, OK 2007 to 2009 Skills Kronos, ADP, Tech Support Certifications/Licenses NSTISSI-4011 Information Systems Security Professional April 2013 to Present