IT Security System Admin <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> System Admin IT Security System Admin - Alliant Energy Madison, WI Work Experience IT Security System Admin Alliant Energy - Madison, WI September 2015 to Present • Configure/manage Checkpoint and Palo Alto Firewalls such as modifying firewall access, configuring/deploying Checkpoint Firewalls to different sites in WI and IA, upgrading firewall in enterprise environment (Converting open servers to Checkpoint appliances), troubleshooting traffic using CLI and/or WEBUI and managing/configuring static routes for networks  • Configure/manage McAfee Proxy to permit user's internet access. Create proxy rules to limit certain usage such as bad reputation/Malicious websites  • Configure/Manage Cisco ASA for VPN. Troubleshoot VPN tunnel and create tunnels for vendors, modems and employees.  • Troubleshoot RSA authentication issue. Also do RSA patches and upgrades.  • Lead Projects includes:  ? Security IP Cameras - Placing all security cameras/NVR behind Firewalls over 10 different sites.  ? Implementation of Oracle SOA - Firewall support for new SOA migration behind firewall. Worked with DBA and EAI team to make sure communication with vendors stay connected.  ? Annual NERC Firewall Compliance - Thorough inspection on our firewalls and RSA to make sure they meet NERC Standards. This audit takes up to two weeks making sure that we are physically and digitally in compliance with NERC.  ? HVAC Migration - Due to Target's HVAC vulnerability we have segmented our HVAC environment behind Firewalls.  ? Firewall and ASA Life Cycle - Deploying, Decommissioning, Upgrading Firewalls and ASA around Wisconsin and Iowa (over 15 different sites).  ? Solar Project - Deployment of two Solar sites in Dubuque Iowa. These are our first solar farms implemented. Firewall deployment, firewall rules, vendor VPN site to site and vendor RSA access were my duties. A detailed network flow Visio was created for both of these new environments.  ? Kaspersky Replacement - Kaspersky was removed and replaced with McAfee. Firewall policies were needed as ports differ and segmentation were changed. Made sure all workstation to the EPO are communicating and pulling updates.  ? Firewall Consolidation - Working with the network team to merge firewalls to reduce licensing and management over multiple firewalls.  ? Firewall Standard Rules - Created standard rules for Windows/Linux/ISO machines to clean up thousands of rules.  ? McAfee Coaching Rule Set - Created our first coaching rule on McAfee to restrict users from uploading files to personal storage sites in the cloud such as dropbox, onedrive and googledrive. Dean Health Plan KForce - Madison, WI May 2015 to September 2015 IT Security Operation  • User AD and Credential setup and termination  • RSA configuration and user setups  • Sharepoint and Outlook permission access IT Security Analyst (Intern) TDS Telecom - Madison, WI October 2014 to May 2015 • Manage and troubleshoot firewall issues regarding network access  • Create policy ID, address with corresponding IP, and group in Juniper firewalls  • Create scripts for basic task such as sending email alerts to the team  • Monitored K-Audit and TripWire on servers containing confidential information  • Generate security reports using Palo Alto  • Creating logs of users web traffic using Palo Alto for network monitoring concerns  • Port scan using NMap to exploit vulnerabilities and open ports on the network  • Scan for malicious malware  • Troubleshoot CentOS VPN access Education Network Security Specialist Madison College - Madison, WI Skills Cisco (3 years), firewall (4 years), Linux (3 years), Nmap (Less than 1 year), Rsa (3 years) Additional Information CORE SKILLS    * Cisco routers, switches and ASA  * Palo Alto Firewall  * Check Point Firewall    * Linux/Unix/Windows  * TCP/IP networking  * McAfee  * Splunk    * Microsoft Office suite  * Networking tools: wireshark, tcpdump, nmap, netstat etc.  * RSA