Cyber security Analyst. Cyber <span class="hl">security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>. Cyber security Analyst - Top Group Technologies Severn, MD I have 6 years of experience as an Information Security Analyst, I am knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Security Life Cycle, Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and vulnerabilities management using FISMA, and applicable NIST standards.  I possess strong organizational skills, goal oriented, attention to details, independent thinker, self-starter, excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal), ability to work effectively in a large complex corporate environment, demonstrated ability to work independently on projects and produce required results in a time-sensitive environment. Work Experience Cyber security Analyst. Top Group Technologies July 2015 to Present Perform vulnerability assessment, ensuring risks are assessed and appropriate actions are taken to mitigate or resolve each.  ? Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and .procedures, as well as providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  ? Compile, write, update, finalize, produce, and support activities for IT Security Common Control Catalogs and related documentation including, but not limited to, Security Plans or other documents required.  ? Compile, write, update, finalize, and produce all FISMA documentation and associated artifacts as required by Client in a manner compliant with all Federal security requirements and policies.  ? Ascertain all FISMA documents are updated within 6 months of a new policy release.  ? Manage the Interconnection Security Agreements for all systems, including creation, tracking, and vetting.  ? Ensure all Security Authorization documentation for assigned systems remains accurate and up to date on a continuous basis, including, but not limited to, accurate and valid lists of assets (hardware/software), accurate boundary diagrams, accurate ports and protocols, etc.  ? Review all ISSO provided documentation for accuracy and relevancy, provide follow-up to ISSOs to ensure documents are properly completed.  ? Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards. IT Security Analyst Pinnacle Solutions. January 2012 to June 2015 Performed vulnerability assessment, making sure risks are assessed and proper, actions taken to mitigate them.  ? Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented key controls.  ? Develop, review and evaluate Security Plan based on NIST Special Publications 800-18.  ? Investigates possible security breaches identified through review of audit reports and follows up accordingly with departments / management • Prepared Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  ? Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  ? Prepared and reviewed C&A package for Information Systems. Education BS in Nursing American Institute of Nursing Skills Life Cycle (Less than 1 year), Risk Assessment (3 years), Scanning (Less than 1 year), security (7 years), vulnerability assessment (7 years), Cyber Security. Additional Information AREA OF EXPERTISE    ? Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  ? IT Security Compliance  ? Vulnerability Assessment  ? Network Vulnerability Scanning  ? Systems Risk Assessment  ? Systems Development Life Cycle