Cyber Security Analyst/Identity Protection & Management Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Identity Protection &amp; Management Cyber Security Analyst/Identity Protection & Management - DirectViz, WHS Washington, DC Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst/Identity Protection & Management DirectViz, WHS - Pentagon, VA, US June 2018 to Present • Implementation of PKI in daily Department of Defense operations on both the classified (SIPR) and unclassified (NIPR) networks.  • Enroll, maintain, suspend and revocation of certificates (classified and unclassified) for standard PKI user, Administrative users, clone (FO/GO/SES), code signing, role, and group tokens.  • Implement, maintain, suspend, and revocation of Sever Certificates via certificate authority.  • Perform restoration of suspended certificates though Key Recoveries for internal and third party organizations.  • Perform daily reports: lost tokens, expiring server and group certificates, "bad boy" list.  • Maintain Access database that houses all PKI information for individuals, groups, servers.  • Perform all Idenity Protection/Registration Authority operations in alignment with DISA Audit standards. Quality Assurance Analyst Netcentrics - Pentagon, VA, US October 2016 to June 2018 June 2017 - June 2018) management for technician performance improvement Teksystems - Pentagon, VA, US October 2016 to February 2017 OSD-JSP Pentagon, VA (October 2016 - February 2017) • Assign all incoming tickets to technicians based on skill set, availability, and corridor assignment to ensure the efficient and timely resolution of technical issues.  • Review and provide quality analysis on tickets, detect issues and provide solutions to management for technician performance improvement.  • Monitor and evaluate to make recommendation for process/procedure improvement.  • Ensure tickets are pended in a timely manner to meet SLA, ensure tickets are pended and categories within tickets are appropriate to meet KPI within contractual agreement.  • Note any trends in incoming tickets, ticket handling, and ticket closing amongst all technicians.  • Run daily reports for queue distribution to ensure technicians have an even workload, run resolution statistics, run reports to track aging tickets.  • TA duties including: validating user is eligible, sending information and working with RA to request token, delivering tokens to users, assist in downloading of user certificates, reporting to RA if a token is compromised, lost or stolen, and resetting  NIPR & SIPR tokens for customers.  • Understanding of ITIL procedures, CSI initiative, and meeting SLA requirements.  • General troubleshooting of laptops, desktops, tablets, and software.  • Extensive knowledge of: Excel (including pivot tables), VPN, Tanium, ARS/AD,  Remedy, Sharepoint, Dameware, Windows OS, Microsoft Suite, Email Protocols. Support Program Analyst Inquisit, OIG-ISD - Center, VA, US April 2015 to June 2016 Provide technical support for all DODIG users via ticketing system, phone, or in person.  1 • Manages and routes ticket requests to appropriate analyst, ensuring the efficient and timely resolution of technical issues.  • Create, modify, and maintain end user accounts, folders, lists and permissions.  • Regular workstation, server, and software maintenance.  • Provide outstanding customer service to users and maintain communication between customers and technicians.  • Extensive knowledge of: VPN, VOIP, VMware, Sharepoint, Dameware, Windows  OS, Email Protocols, Active Directory, Citrix, Teammate, GP management,  Microsoft Exchange server, and Remote Desktop. IT Support Specialist Parkfairfax Condominium - Alexandria, VA July 2013 to April 2015 Assist in the creation, implementation and application of working & reserve budget for association.  • Use of data to create spreadsheets and databases as organizational and informational tools.  • Prepare a wide variety of forms and reports for supervisor.  • Research technology advances and changes to further streamline everyday operational functions.  • Provide Parkfairfax staff with technical solutions to computer, software, network, printer, and hardware issues on site. (Mac & PC).  • Organize, create, manage, and distribute monthly newsletters.  • Manage and maintain company website. (www.parkfairfax.info) • Manage and maintain company social media websites (Facebook, Yahoo! Groups).  • Organize and lead meetings regularly.  • General administrative duties to maintain office structure. IT Support Specialist F1 Computer Solutions - Warrenton, VA June 2011 to July 2013 Provide customers and staff with technical support to computer, software, network, printer, and hardware issues both on site and off.  • Create spread sheets and databases as information and organizational tools.  • Provide vendors, customers, and partners with outstanding customer service.  • Coordinate off-site troubleshooting for customers.  • Coordinate meeting and travel arrangements.  • Research technology advances and changes to further streamline everyday operational functions. Executive Assistant F1 Computer Solutions - Radford, VA August 2012 to May 2013 • Provide visitors, potential students and MBA students with resources and information and outstanding customer service as needed.  • Research technology advances and changes to further streamline everyday operational functions.  • IT Support for office and various staff throughout the building.  • Create and manage large database of all student contact and program information.  • Create spreadsheets and databases for informational and organizational purposes.  2 • Active DOD issued secret • Software: Windows 7 &10, MS Office Education M.S. in Cyber Security & Mgmt Policies University of Maryland August 2017 to Present B.S. in Management Radford University May 2013 Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, Comptia Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification Assessments Email — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/z6wx0ixp3o7xyfcg Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.