Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Department of Labor Cheverly, MD Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Department of Labor - Washington, DC September 2016 to Present • Coordinate in-depth interviews and examine documentation/artifacts in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A rev 4.    • Perform the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit reviews using NIST 800-37.    • Working knowledge of Categorizing Information Systems (using FIPS 199 as a guide), NIST Risk Management Framework, FIPS and FISMA Act.  • Review and update some of the system categorization using FIPS 199, Initial Risk Assessment, E-authentication, PTA, PIA, SAR, SSP, SAP& POA&M.  • Participate in ST&E Kick-off Meeting and populate the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) per NIST SP 800-53A.  • Conduct a Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the ISSOs and the System Owner.    • Develop and maintain Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&MS) of all accepted risks upon completion of the system (C&A).    • Coordinate, participate and attend weekly ISSO forums for security advice and updates.    • Provide continuous monitoring support for control systems in accordance with FISMA guidelines and conduct FISMA-based security risk assessments. IT Security Specialist | Hilltop Consultant US Department of Transportation Washington, DC June 2014 to August 2016 • Provided input to management on appropriate FIPS 199 impact level designations and selecting appropriate security controls.    • Oversee the preparation of Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages for submission to the Authorizing Official (AO) for an Authorization to Operate (ATO).    • Performed evaluation of policies, procedures, and analyzed security scan results, to address controls that were deemed insufficient during Assessment and Authorization (A&A).    • Authentication with business owners and Performed Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), E-d selected stakeholders.  • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance in accordance with FISMA guidelines.  • Generated, reviewed and updated System Security Plans (SSP) against NIST 800-18 and NIST 800 53 requirements.  • Documented and reviewed System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Security Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization letter/memorandum (ATO).    • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A and perform on-site security testing using vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus.    • Documented and finalized Security Assessment Report (SAR) and communicate a consolidated risk management activities and deliverables calendar. Education BS in Cyber Security University of Buea Skills Cyber Security