Sr. Technology Project Manager Sr. Technology Project Manager Consultant - H&R Block • Experienced PMO professional in cross divestiture risk analysis, policy and procedure writing, technical writing, financial management, process improvement, and project initiating and planning.  • Program Led experience in the management of large data transmission projects for multibillion-dollar divestitures both domestically and internationally.  • Expertise in the oversight of projects including IT Security Solutions, SharePoint Development, and Application Development.  • Experience in the healthcare, banking and utility industries along with Government contracting experience. Work Experience Sr. Technology Project Manager H&R Block May 2019 to Present Senior Technology Project Manager - ERP SME  • Adaptive Insights Cloud implementation across HRB Corporate  • Process flow of current, interim, and future states  • Managed vendor relationships  • Managed build from HRB side; worked with various finance SME's in order to incorporate each aspect of Field and National accounting principles Sr. Project Manager UnitedLex January 2019 to March 2019 • Served as project manager for multiple Oracle Cloud Implementations and Integrations  • Implemented Oracle Cloud ERP in US, Germany, Great Britain, China, Australia, Bulgaria, and various other countries  • Managed various business and technical resources across ULX and business partners  • Implemented various Oracle Cloud modules to support Finance and HR systems  • Managed data migration from Microsoft AX, Chrome River, and Taleo to Oracle  • Developed business processes to support migration to Oracle from Microsoft AX  • Developed training for new finance and HR processes in support of the AX to Oracle migrations  • Developed user stories pertaining to Oracle Fusion applications  • Defined security roles by team  • Worked with Finance and HR stakeholders to identify and remedy all risks to the implementation of the new ERP system Compliance Sr. Project Manager United Missouri Bank (UMB) July 2017 to February 2018 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Conducted review and assessments of IT programs and projects.    Lexmark International Implementation Manager DoD Midwest May 2016 to January 2017 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services. Sr. Project Manager - DBMO Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC November 2015 to May 2016 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Conducted review and assessments of IT programs and projects.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated client initiatives to ensure compliance with IT and corporate policies and procedures.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Advise other specialists on technical issues, diagnostic methods and potential solutions to programs. Sr. Project Manager Cloud Services Lexmark Enterprise Software October 2014 to November 2015 • Led and developed project planning efforts such as developing the project scope, defining project guidelines, obtaining business and IT sponsor approvals, and coordinating the resources necessary to successfully complete the project.  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities. Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Conducted review and assessments of IT programs and projects. Program Manager/PMO Director (Consultant) Armed Forces Insurance January 2014 to April 2014 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services. IT Move Project Manager/PMO Director (Consultant) Grantham University November 2013 to January 2014 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Conducted review and assessments of IT programs and projects.  • Advise other specialists on technical issues, diagnostic methods and potential solutions to programs. Logistics Coordinator/ Security-ADFS Project Manager Waddell & Reed March 2013 to November 2013 • Led and supported the development of multiyear IT strategic plans  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Conducted Business performance reviews  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated policy needs and developed policies to govern IT activities  • Developed, managed and executed IT budgets  • Participated in the IT capital planning process and assisted in managing IT investment portfolios  • Developed and monitored IT spending and performance measures  • Interpreted metrics for the evaluation of IT program effectiveness and efficiency.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Conducted review and assessments of IT programs and projects. Sr. Cost Analyst/Project Manager Cerner Corporation July 2012 to February 2013 • Developed and implemented written specifications and Statement of Procedure about the business systems key to financial reporting to be read and executed by both technical and non-technical personnel across various departments  • Led and developed project planning efforts such as developing the project scope, defining project guidelines, obtaining business and IT sponsor approvals, and coordinating the resources necessary to successfully complete the project.  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Planned, managed, and coordinated the implementation of various projects.  • Identified customer's information systems requirements for new project needs.  • Developed and coordinated the project progress and monitored the creation and status of all related Security certifications and all requests for information documents.  • Developed appropriate system test strategies, plans and scenarios with the help of various development teams.  • Designed analytical studies of systemic and project related issues and activities to assess the efficiency and effectiveness of project implementation.  • Evaluated client initiatives to ensure compliance with IT and corporate policies and procedures.  • Identified requirements for infrastructure configuration or change management  • Developed and interpreted IT policies, procedures and strategies governing the planning and delivery of IT services.  • Advise other specialists on technical issues, diagnostic methods and potential solutions to programs. Program Manager/Finance and Logistics Analyst Wyle, CAS Group January 2012 to July 2012 • Built, Updated, and Managed Spend plans for 3 TATs on a $44m contract supporting the Department of the Army's Mission Command Training Program  • Led and developed project planning efforts such as developing the project scope, defining project guidelines, obtaining business and IT sponsor approvals, and coordinating the resources necessary to successfully complete the project.  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Obtained feedback to assure that project efforts meet external and internal customer expectations for agreed upon schedule, cost and objectives.  • Led Business Development efforts for teaming agreements with other businesses  • Researched and tracked pending Requests for Proposals put out by the Federal Government  • Kept running inventory of $1.5m+ in government issued IT equipment and software  • Worked to resolve an outstanding security clearance issues for 44 employees  • Worked with 44 Subcontract personnel to ensure proper daily accountability  • Participated in After Action Reviews with the Government Client and Wyle/Subcontractor Personnel to take away lessons learns and implement ways of improving  • Developed and implemented written specifications and Statement of Procedure about the business systems key to financial reporting to be read and executed by both technical and non-technical personnel across various departments  • Liaison between internal and external Department of the Army customers to define business procedures and establish documentation needed for various processes and procedures Program Business Services/Finance (Consultant) Booz Allen Hamilton October 2010 to January 2012 • Led and developed project planning efforts such as developing the project scope, defining project guidelines, obtaining business and IT sponsor approvals, and coordinating the resources necessary to successfully complete the project.  • Led daily scrum sessions with project teams to cover 2-3 week long average sprint cycle  • Communicated major milestones, identify potential project risks, provide continuing direction to the project team, and conduct regular status meetings to review project activities.  • Responsible for prioritizing procedures for changing scope and project acceptance procedures.  • Obtained feedback to assure that project efforts meet external and internal customer expectations for agreed upon schedule, cost and objectives.  • Provided program control and financial management for over 25 contracts with a total ceiling value of approximately $200million  • Supported work across major IDIQ contract vehicles including Survivability/Vulnerability Information Analysis Center (SURVIAC), Individual Assistance Technical Assistance Contract (IATAC), Technical Services Support (TSS), and Information Technology Enabled Services (ITES) contracts  • Presented and participated in program reviews and kick-off meetings with government clients, subcontractors, and Booz Allen Ledership; forging strong relationships with clients and subcontractors to ensure smooth contract management across full spectrum of stakeholders  • Trained and advised new and experienced program managers on best practices and financial management duties, work directly in creation of spend plans the give managers the ability to project forward and anticipate the profitability effects of management decisions  • Versed in all aspects of the proposal process, participate and provide input for Capture, Cost, and Technical volumes and reviews, work closely with pricing team to ensure profitability goals are met  • Ensured all financial data is compliant with the (Sarbanes Oxley Act) SOX, (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) GAAP, and (Federal Acquisitions Regulations) FAR Education Webster University May 2022 Doctorate of Organizational Psychology in Organizational Psychology Walden University January 2019 Master of Arts in Logistics Upper Iowa University August 2009 Skills Pmo, Project planning, Data center, Risk analysis, Pci, Iso, Sarbanes oxley, Provisioning, Application development, Customer relationship management, Liaison, Gaap, Risk assessment, Process development, Process improvement, Documentation, Mitigation, Dod, Relationship management, Microsoft office, Estimating, budget, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    • Divestitures:  ? Technical Liaison between developers and executive teams, Charter development, Stakeholder management, Risk assessment and mitigation, Data Center Migration and consolidation  • PMO:  ? PMO Director, Cross organizational risk analysis, Process Improvement, Creation of standardized process and documents, Lessons Learned process development, Creation of technical procedures  • Project Management:  ? Strategic project planning and execution, End to end project management and documentation, Application development, Military Project Management, DR site set up and testing, Access provisioning, Policy and procedure analysis and writing, Customer relationship management, Proficient in Microsoft Office including Project  • Compliance:  ? Creation and management of GAAP compliant documents, Creation of Sarbanes Oxley compliant procedures, FAR, DFAR, PCI, FedRamp, ISO, DoD 5015.2  • Methodologies:  ? Agile, Waterfall