Systems Administrator/Systems Analyst Systems Administrator/Systems <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Gladstone, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Administrator/Systems Analyst Cubic Global Defense - Fort Leavenworth, KS January 2017 to Present • One of 6 support personnel tasked to administer the Army's Warfighter Simulation program in the U.S. and countries oversees.  • Working side by side with US Department of Defense civilians, US military and personnel from other  Governmental organizations  • Prepare WARSIM and its components for operation during MCTP Warfighter Exercises (WFX)  • Prepare simulation components for shipment to and from training exercise sites across the United  States and overseas  • Build and distribute hard drive images; install, configure and administer servers and client  workstations; load software patches and security updates  • Set-up, test and monitor the performance of both Microsoft and Red Hat Linux-based servers and workstations, and respond to trouble calls at the exercise training site  • Other duties include the installation, configuration and set-up of exercise control and collaboration  client computers; routine maintenance of MCTP systems hardware and software; and assistance with troubleshooting and repairing local area networks. IT Security Management Administrator - Night Shift Epiq Systems - Kansas City, KS September 2017 to January 2018 • Serve as lead point of contact for all account access management matters.  • Responsible for creating/disabling user accounts in Active Directory.  • Responsible for account password resets and user account unlocks in Active Directory.  • Responsible for providing network access, email access, and Lync access via o365 admin console and other supporting infrastructures.  • Troubleshoot Tier 2 issues with regards to Microsoft email profiles, distribution list, and other email  permission issues until resolution.  • Administer RSA VPN access to approved users using tokens for two factor authentication and cisco  AnyConnect. IT Systems Administrator University of Kansas Hospital - Kansas City, KS August 2016 to January 2017 One of 12 support personnel charged with supporting computers for 10,000 employees at the University of Kansas Hospital. Responsible for end user support, PC configurations, network and  exchange administration for on-site and remote locations.  • Successfully manage a wide variety of IT crisis issues involving crashed hard drives, unresponsive  printers, viruses, network connectivity issues on HP laptops and desktops. Also ensuring that each  issue and resolution is logged in the Hospitals Remedy ticketing system.  • Resolved/escalated mainframe batch abends and added new code in EPIC, when needed.  • Worked closely with test, development and requirements team members to analyze, investigate and resolve Help Desk tickets submitted by hospital end users.  • Led an IT refresh project which consisted of planning, procuring, assembling, installing 60 monitors  and deploying 30 PC's. Efficiently tackled simple to complex issues to the ongoing usability of computing devices to payroll staff.  • Positively worked with third-party vendors, staff, and contractors to resolve complex systems and network integration issues. Desktop Support Analyst (Consultant) Kiewit Power & Constructors Company - Lenexa, KS January 2016 to August 2016 Supported 2,200 personnel both in Lenexa, KS and other remote jobsite locations perform computer  refreshes, data migration, installing software on Dell laptops, desktops, and Cisco phone systems in a Windows 7 platform using MS products, Cisco VPN, SCCM and Active Directory.  • Assisted in making changes to laptop and desktop rollout procedures, increasing productivity by  50%. The implementation resulted in improved end user satisfaction by 95% & promoted quality work  with less downtime.  • Contributed toward network installation encompassing 1800 workstations, 50 printers, and  15+communication rooms with supporting infrastructure. Move was accomplished within 1 week.  • Effectively created & reviewed existing software procedural documentations. This led to the production of 15 new software installation procedures which effectively surpassed the districts goal by  150%, allowing for increased Help Desk first support resolution and less tickets to deskside team.  • Routinely exceeded support resolution goals, closing an average of 46 weekly (21 above quota) & received good reviews in teamwork, customer service, communication skills, and problem-solving. Traveling Desktop Support Technician (Consultant) Kindred Healthcare - Louisville, KY June 2015 to December 2015 Healthcare company which is the largest diversified provider of post-acute care services in the United  States. Contracted as a Traveling Desktop Support Technician in support of a migration project for one of their subsidiary companies in Kansas City, MO.  • Effectively created and deployed a desktop imaging process via USB flash keys, reducing desktop  imaging by 30 minutes, instead of 1 hour. The imaging process allowed for pre-imaging 16+desktops in a single day, allowing for on demand projects or instant recovery.  • Pulled cable, terminated patch panels, and troubleshot network connectivity issues alleviating the need for the company to send a field tech out. This saved the company $3000  • Traveled 100% to home healthcare facilities migrating PCs from Windows XP to Windows 7,  recognized by the company for dedication to duty and hard work. IT Service Desk Technician (Consultant) Kansas Department of Transportation - Topeka, KS March 2015 to May 2015 Served as an IT Help Desk Specialist and provided internal hardware and software support to a group  of 400 employees.  • Provided technical support to customers on telephone, emails, and through tickets.  • Installed, maintained, and upgraded workstation hardware, software, and operating systems.  • Helped users identify and resolve issues pertaining to unlocking Active Directory accounts, password  resets, email configurations, internet connectivity, VPN configuration, and other issues.  • Performed troubleshooting of PC and laptops onsite and remotely in response to customer queries. IT Help Desk Lab Operator Westar Energy - Topeka, KS September 2014 to March 2015 Part-time while attending school)  • Updated the material and work management systems with the appropriate information.  • Conducted physical inventory counts and reconciled results with inventory records.  • Ensured effectiveness of operating procedures, space utilization, maintenance, and protection of assets and equipment.  • Identified manual processing deficiencies, performed reject processing and tracking for all incorrect  billing accounts in Lotus Notes Asset Tracking System.  • Documented and adhered to the stringent data sanitation standards needed to remain in compliance  with NERC, FERC, SOX, & HIPPA.  • Prepared new technology for deployment by completing various technical procedures, including BIOS  Flashing and software image installation and testing.  • Identified and completed minor repairs to broken PCs, laptops, and monitors.  • Assisted IT Management with various hardware and software audits. Manager/Desktop Support Specialist eBay - Groton, CT September 2013 to July 2014 Oversaw eBay Operations for a family owned business and supported their online customers  worldwide.  • Conferred with customers by telephone or in person to provide information about products or services, receive or enter the orders, cancel accounts, or obtain details of complaints. This led to good  customer satisfaction ratings of 99.5% on eBay.  • Recommended improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems. By implementing the process, sales limit increased from $6,000  to $32,000 within 4 months while averaging about $20,000 of sales a month.  • Cleaned products to be sold on eBay store, as well as troubleshoot, repair, and refurbish laptops and desktops to good working order. Training Room Manager United States Army September 2009 to June 2013 Served for a company of 110 enlisted personnel and 10 officers headquartered in Fort Polk, LA.  Managed their training needs, training records, medical records, and conducted meetings on a periodic  basis.  • Resolved customer complaints or answer customers' questions regarding policies and procedures.  • Supervised the work of office, administrative, or customer service employees to ensure adherence to quality standards, deadlines, and proper procedures, correcting errors or problems.  • Trained or instructed employees in job duties or company policies or arrange for training to be  provided  • Maintained records pertaining to inventory, personnel, orders, supplies, or machine maintenance.  • Researched, compiled, and prepared reports, manuals, correspondence, or other information required  by management or governmental agencies.  • Designed, implemented, or evaluated staff training and development programs, customer service  initiatives, or performance measurement criteria.  • Monitored inventory levels and requisition or purchase supplies as needed. Education Associates of Computer Science in Computer Science-Computer Networking in Computer Science-Computer Networking Bryan University - Topeka, KS Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), VPN (1 year), WINDOWS 7 (1 year), WINDOWS XP (Less than 1 year), Linux Administrator, System Administrator, System Admin, Linux, SCCM Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: Sergeant Additional Information Technical Proficiencies:  • OS Platform: Windows XP, Windows 7, 2008/2012 Server & Workstation  • Remote Access (VPN) Client: Cisco Any Connect, Sunflower, Checkpoint Secure Client  • Remoting Tools: Bomgar, Remote Desktop Connection, Dame ware, Team Viewer, Microsoft Lync 2013  • Email Mobile Devices: Lotus Notes, Outlook, iPhones, and iPads  • Application/Tools: MS Exchange, MS Office Suite, MS SharePoint Services, MS Active Directory, Citrix,  System Center Configuration Manager  • Deployment Services: Ghost, MDT, & WDS  • Ticketing System: Service Now, Cherwell, Remedy, Magic  • Antivirus/ Security: Cylance, Norton, System Center Endpoint Protection, Norton Endpoint Protection  • Networking: VOIP, Cisco Routers, Switches & Hubs