Enterprise Services Desk Level 1 Lead Enterprise Services Desk Level 1 Lead Tech support Analyst Lead Phoenix, AZ IT/ Customer service professional-focused Desktop Support with 10 years of experience with a broad spectrum of computer operating systems applications and hardware. 8 years as Team Lead and payroll, training and Management duties. Exceptional customer service and communication skills; consistently conveys competence and concern to end users. Strong ability to effectively multitask and to perform with a sense of urgency for rapid issue resolution and detail oriented. Strong knowledge of secure access systems and technology. Promoted to management in almost every position held. Leadership, recruiting and team-building skills. Advanced.Help Desk Tech support and data entry experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Enterprise Services Desk Level 1 Lead Cognosante October 2018 to Present • Provide Lead support for Desktop Support techs. which did support for computer operating systems Google Apps and hardware/peripherals; work with individuals across the company region and call center  • Proactively resolve customer problems with about equipment and services    • Create and implementation of knowledge base articles for Techs and Users.  As well as using Microsoft capture and other tool to make training videos.    Provided Hr duties such as training, scheduling and payroll.  • Deliver just-in-time support both at the Helpdesk and across company and respond to departmental technical emergencies in order to minimize data loss meet deadlines and support needs of users  • Develop written technical instructions and documentation for onboarding new hires  • Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the following technologies: Windows and Mac OS based end points (Laptops Desktops & Thin Clients) Tablets & Smartphones (IOS & Android) and Microsoft Office  • Assisted the Help Desk Manager in supervision training and mentorship of student employees at the Help Desk with a specific focus on leading the team of Desktop Support Referral student employees who also contribute to tier 2 ticket resolution  • Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software  • Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with password or sensitive materials  • IT Inventory specialist for one region that is responsible for up to 5 states. This included but not limited to equipment setups and returns. Technical Support Analyst CDI Corporation - Phoenix, AZ December 2017 to October 2018 • Provide support for desktop computer operating systems Google Apps and hardware/peripherals; work with individuals across the company region and call center    • Create and implementation of knowledge base articles for Techs and Users.  As well as using Microsoft capture and other tool to make training videos.  • Proactively resolve customer problems with about equipment and services  • Deliver just-in-time support both at the Helpdesk and across company and respond to departmental technical emergencies in order to minimize data loss meet deadlines and support needs of users  • Develop written technical instructions and documentation for onboarding new hires  • Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the following technologies: Windows and Mac OS based end points (Laptops Desktops & Thin Clients) Tablets & Smartphones (IOS & Android) and Microsoft Office  • Assisted the Help Desk Manager in supervision training and mentorship of student employees at the Help Desk with a specific focus on leading the team of Desktop Support Referral student employees who also contribute to tier 2 ticket resolution  • Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software  • Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with password or sensitive materials Tech Analyst Level 2 Lead Sunrun - Phoenix, AZ May 2017 to December 2017 • Provide Lead support for Desktop Support techs. which did support for computer operating systems Google Apps and hardware/peripherals; work with individuals across the company region and call center  • Proactively resolve customer problems with about equipment and services  • Create and implementation of knowledge base articles for Techs and Users.  As well as using Microsoft capture and other tool to make training videos.  Provided Hr duties such as training, scheduling and payroll.  • Deliver just-in-time support both at the Helpdesk and across company and respond to departmental technical emergencies in order to minimize data loss meet deadlines and support needs of users  • Develop written technical instructions and documentation for onboarding new hires  • Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the following technologies: Windows and Mac OS based end points (Laptops Desktops & Thin Clients) Tablets & Smartphones (IOS & Android) and Microsoft Office  • Assisted the Help Desk Manager in supervision training and mentorship of student employees at the Help Desk with a specific focus on leading the team of Desktop Support Referral student employees who also contribute to tier 2 ticket resolution  • Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software  • Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with password or sensitive materials  • IT Inventory specialist for one region that is responsible for up to 5 states. This included but not limited to equipment setups and returns. IT Analyst Randstad - Irving, TX July 2016 to September 2016 SHORT TERM PROJECT for password and software team  • IT Tech support analyst level 2 specialist Provide support for desktop computer operating systems Google Apps and hardware/peripherals; work with individuals across the company region and call center  • Proactively resolve customer problems with about equipment and services  • Deliver just-in-time support both at the Helpdesk and across company and respond to departmental technical emergencies in order to minimize data loss meet deadlines and support needs of users  • Responded to requests for technical assistance in person via phone and remotely for the following technologies: Windows and Mac OS based end points (Laptops Desktops & Thin Clients) Tablets & Smartphones (IOS & Android) and Microsoft Office  • Continually updated personal knowledge of computing hardware operating systems and software  • Maintained confidentiality and discretion when working with password or sensitive materials Supervisor Allied Barton - Albuquerque, NM September 2015 to July 2016 Special assignment short term contract  •Create and implementation of knowledge base articles for Techs and Users.  • Get a new location up and running to be handed over to new security company  • Recruited 20 officers Trained and developed them  • Went from one of the worst locations to one of the best site in the area.  • Productivity had doubled in 3 months and 20% every quarter after tell I left.  • Kept budget and overtime to its lowest numbers in that sites history and 2nd in the district Data Security Tech Supervisor Securitas / Equinox - Richardson, TX February 2014 to September 2015 • Data Security Supervisor for Equinox Data Centers  •Create and implementation of knowledge base articles for Techs and Users.  •Provided Hr duties such as training, scheduling and payroll.  • Lakeside on Preston Account Site Lead  • Earned raise and bonus within first 5 months for going above and beyond job expectations.  • Assisted in bringing vandals to justice on three separate occasions. Arctic Fox Manager Flextronics - Fort Worth, TX February 2013 to February 2014 • Ensured order management, enhanced customer experience, training and team coaching.  • Order management, fulfilment and reporting systems in collaboration with Customer Service, Logistics, and Operations. Electronics Technician/Design specialist Harmonix Technologies and T-Mobile August 2004 to June 2005 Education Associates in Information Technology ITT Technical Institute - Henderson, NV 2004 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (1 year), RECEPTIONIST (1 year), RETAIL SALES (1 year), MAC (Less than 1 year), PREMIER (Less than 1 year), Help Desk, Service Desk, Desktop Support, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, Comptia, Active Directory, VPN Additional Information Skills  • Computers (10+ years), SharePoint(8 years), Microsoft Office(10 years),Video and Audio editing on Adobe Premier (5 years), Video and Audio editing on Mac  • Final Cut (3 years), Help desk trouble shooting (5 years), Management (6 years), Quality Control/ Analyst (4 years),  • Inventory Management (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years)