Network Information Security Analyst Network Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Columbia, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Information Security Analyst GDIT General Dynamics July 2017 to Present Managed all Information Assurance matters to include network security, Information Assurance Vulnerability  Alert compliance and reporting, incident handling and resolution of trouble tickets, IA policy and procedures,  development and enforcement, and training  * Created easy to read vulnerability reports and easy to see ACAS dashboards to identify current vulnerabilities on  the network.  * Implemented standard operating procedures; contributed in developing local IA policies.  * Coordinate Bluecoat and Firewall Exemption Requests with the NOSC.  * Investigate USB violations and coordinate with NOSC on mitigation of the violations  * Employed ACAS network scanning tools to detect system and network vulnerabilities/deficiencies, as part of a  proactive network security policy.  * Responsibilities included taking an active role in the implementation of new policies and procedures Network Administrator Vectrus - Kuwait City November 2016 to April 2017 •Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET  • Create and escalate trouble tickets through Remedy ticketing system.  • Manage, add and delete VOIP phone system with Cisco Call Manager  • Troubleshooting and configuration of routers, hubs and switches for both NIPRNET and  SIPRNET connectivity.  •Troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity issues.  •Create DHCP reservation with Active Directory.  •Analyze requirements and design LAN/WAN network configurations consistent with both  short- and long-term objectives.  •Install, maintain and monitor network operations.  •Reporting of network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information and managing  network projects.  •Secures network systems by establishing and following ACE- IT and USACE policies;  defining and monitoring access to network resources.  •Maximize network performance by monitoring, troubleshooting, scheduling upgrades,  collaborating with network architect and other network engineers.  •Establishes network environment by designing system configuration, directing systems  installation, defining documenting and enforcing system standards. Network Administrator Agile Defense, Inc. - Sumter, SC June 2016 to November 2016 Responsibilities •Provided Tier II support •Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET • Create and escalate trouble tickets through Remedy ticketing system. • Manage, add and delete VOIP phone system with Cisco Call Manager • Troubleshooting and configuration of routers, hubs and switches for both NIPRNET and SIPRNET connectivity. •Troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity issues. •Create DHCP reservation with Active Directory. •Analyze requirements and design LAN/WAN network configurations consistent with both short- and long-term objectives. •Install, maintain and monitor network operations. •Reporting of network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information and managing network projects. •Secures network systems by establishing and following ACE- IT and USACE policies; defining and monitoring access to network resources. •Maximize network performance by monitoring, troubleshooting, scheduling upgrades, collaborating with network architect and other network engineers. •Establishes network environment by designing system configuration, directing systems installation, defining documenting and enforcing system standards. Network Administrator Vectrus - Kandah?r February 2016 to June 2016 Responsibilities  •Provided Tier II support   •Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET  • Create and escalate trouble tickets through Remedy ticketing system.  • Manage, add and delete VOIP phone system with Cisco Call Manager  • Troubleshooting and configuration of routers, hubs and switches for both NIPRNET and   SIPRNET connectivity.  •Troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity issues.   •Create DHCP reservation with Active Directory.  •Analyze requirements and design LAN/WAN network configurations consistent with both   short- and long-term objectives.  •Install, maintain and monitor network operations.  •Reporting of network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information and managing   network projects.  •Secures network systems by establishing and following ACE- IT and USACE policies;   defining and monitoring access to network resources.  •Maximize network performance by monitoring, troubleshooting, scheduling upgrades,   collaborating with network architect and other network engineers.  •Establishes network environment by designing system configuration, directing systems   installation, defining documenting and enforcing system standards.  •Research and solve complex problems regarding data communication failures.  •Train personnel in data communication operations and procedures.  •Serve as a communications technical resource.  •Performs other duties and assignments as required. Network Administrator Criterion System - Kandah?r June 2015 to January 2016 Responsibilities    *Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET ASA firewall.  *I brought Firewall into compliance with Disa STIG requirements.   *Ensures systems and related equipment are in working condition.  *Monitor the ticket queue for incoming tickets  *Provided Tier II support  *Performed hardware and software moves, adds and change  *Monitored firewall and reported attempted intrusion attacks IT Service Desk Administrator INFORELIANCE - Sumter, SC October 2014 to January 2015 Responsibilities  • Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET.  • Administration and Maintenance of User Access Control Profiles   • Re-image desktops and laptop.   • Update, create and delete user email accounts.  • Resolves remedy requests within the specified Service Level Agreements.   • Acquires problem management system ticket and case. Informs user and assigns case ID to the relevant support staff   • Escalates issues to IT Service Desk manager as required.   • Provide assistance in closing audit findings related to access control management, password requirements to close them on a timely basis. ASA Firewall Specialist DSCI - Guantanamo June 2012 to December 2012 • Monitor, analyze and administrate both NIPRNET and SIPRNET ASA firewall.  • I brought Firewall into compliance with Disa STIG requirements.   • Ensures systems and related equipment are in working condition.  • Monitor the ticket queue for incoming tickets  • Provided Tier II support  • Performed hardware and software moves, adds and change  • Monitored firewall and reported attempted intrusion attacks Network Administrator ITT Exelis - Kuwait January 2012 to June 2012 • Monitor and analyze network system with What’s Up Gold  • Create and escalate trouble tickets through Remedy ticketing system.  • Manage, add and delete VOIP phone system with Cisco Call Manager  • Troubleshooting and configuration of routers, hubs and switches for both NIPRNET and SIPRNET connectivity.  • We often met our goal of the 99.99% uptime about 89.99% of the time, 10% of outages were due to power issues!  • Resolves remedy requests within the specified Service Level Agreements.   • Acquires problem management system ticket and case. Informs user and assigns case ID to the relevant support staff Network Technician II Boeing July 2010 to January 2012 • Update tickets in accordance to Service Level Agreement requirements.   • Create, escalate and close ticket through HP Service Manager ESMS and Remedy ticketing system.  • Monitor ,analyze and troubleshoot with HP NNM, Cisco WCS, and Cisco works NCM  • Managing wiring vendor activities pertaining to new cabling for Customers.  • Update existing and at times creating new documentation for network changes.  • Install, configure, Cisco Switches 3750, 4500, 6500  • Acquires problem management system ticket and case. Informs user and assigns case ID to the relevant support staff Education Stall High School 1988 Skills IS Auditor, IT Audit, IT Governance, IT Management. Familiar with regulatory controls: ISO 27001, NIST 800-53, COBIT, HIPAA, PCI, SOX . Fundamental knowledge of TCP/IP, computer networking, routing and switching concepts. Familiar with FISMA standards Routing Protocols :BGP, EIGRP, OSPF, MPLS and RIP., Security, access, testing Military Service Branch: US. Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 May 1989 to May 1992 19K - Armored Crew Member Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Security+CE CSX Cybersecurity Fundamentals RSA SecurID Certified Administrator 8.0 RSA Archer Certified Administrator 5.x A valid IT Specialist certification