IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer - CoalFire For City of Arlington Grand Prairie, TX Information Security professional with six years of military experience, training and operations along with active security clearance. Strong record of meeting deliverables in line with operational targets, while working confidently with senior staff and key team members to push timely solutions for multifaceted plans. Fast learner with strong ethics and leadership qualities who can work under pressure. High-level professional with multiple ethnic background and fluent speaker of multiple languages. Excellent people skills allow high-level performance while collaborating with professionals on complex projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Engineer CoalFire For City of Arlington - Arlington, TX September 2018 to Present * Lead daily security operational tasks, including vulnerability scans, information asset management, system access management, and network security monitoring.  * . Perform security analysis and proactively identifies, qualifies and mitigate security threats, vulnerabilities and risks. Follow up with system owners on the steps taken to remedy the vulnerabilities identified  * Deploy security patches to systems on a monthly basis and as necessary as recommended from vendors.  * Maintain all documentation on Security Policy and Procedures.  * Review phishing emails sent by end users and respond accordingly in a timely manner. Information System Analyst Prime Technical - Fort Worth, TX February 2017 to June 2018 * Provided service as first point of contact for information system analysis for customers with information system problems at the US Army Corps of Engineers.  * Inspected and troubleshot mechanisms to get the customer back to working.  * Provided first level expertise in the wireless device management and networking device for customers.  * Troubleshot network topology issues for customers for both onsite and remote users.  * Scheduled video, audio and webinar conferences for customers. Cyber Security Analyst (Co-op) L-3 Training and Simulations - Arlington, TX November 2016 to February 2017 * Conducted security audits of information systems using UNIX and windows platform.  * Oversaw inventories of classified information system hardware and made sure they were stored and marked properly.  * Collaborated with Information System Security Manager (ISSM) to write SOPs and policies using guidance from NIST and NISPOM.  * Provided detailed status updates on existing cyber security incidents daily to include follow up with client/customer to ensure satisfactory resolution.  * Interacted with cyber intelligence analysts conducting threat analysis operations as well as numerous IT professionals performing varying technical roles within the client organization.  * Led information security user briefings and annual refresher training for users of classified information system. Technology Support Specialist (Intern) Deloitte US - Dallas, TX April 2016 to June 2016 * Provided PC hardware and software deployment and support, configuration, deployment, and technical support of all standard hardware/software applications.  * Collaborated on asset management and tracking of hardware and software.  * Installed and configured firm-standard images on Dell/HP desktops and laptops.  * Provided Mobile Device troubleshoot and support on Android and Mac OS for End users.  * Supported the IT team in the maintenance of hardware, software and other systems.  * Ran software updates backups when requested. Chemical Biological Radiological and Nuclear (CBRN) Specialist US ARMY - Fort Bragg, NC June 2011 to October 2014 * Served as assistant Team leader for a team of eight soldiers.  * Provided mentoring, personal welfare and career development.  * Took on key role in operations and planning of CBRN training activities within a group of 30 individuals.  * Delivered logistical and Technical support for the proper maintenance, calibration and storage of Equipment.  * Accounted for the assets of the group by doing quarterly inventories for accountability. Education Bachelor of Science in Cyber Security in Cyber Security Excelsior College - Albany, NY 2019 AAS in Computer Technology Excelsior College Albany - Albany, NY January 2015 Skills Security, Active Directory, testing, access