MBA Internship - Strategy MBA Internship - Strategy MBA Internship Boston, MA My prior work experience in large multinational corporations, in the banking industry, and lastly as a co-founder has provided me with the necessary tools to succeed in a competitive, complex and dynamic environment:    • During my time at KPMG, I participated and led various types of projects, including plans for business continuity and disaster recovery, penetration tests, quality assurance, analysis and optimization of IT costs, improving IT processes, internal audits and also gave advice on compliance with local and international regulations (Sarbanes-Oxley, SAS70).  • At JPMorgan Argentina, I led the bank’s internal and external audits during a particular time of political crisis. With excellent results, I was recognized as a high-potential individual by my direct and division managers due to my extraordinary performance in managing the audits. I have consistently shown the ability to make a positive impact leading teams.  • My experience as co-founder of a technological startup gave me a unique ability to apply technology, in all its forms, to business processes. I had to develop platforms and plans for fundraising, sales, finance, marketing and IT development. This whole experience was an incredible growth opportunity. I attained valuable skills and learnings on how to initiate, create, run and lead a small business, not only through our achievements, but also through our mistakes. I gained insights into the internal workings of a company, on how to manage people, but most importantly, how to persevere in the face of adversity.    My last summer internship was in a FinTech Company in Singapore called Collectius CMS where I was able to experience the potential of the industry. Work Experience MBA Internship - Strategy COLLECTIUS CSM - Singapore May 2018 to July 2018 Contributed to the strategy, business evolution, and long-term efficiency of the offices in Singapore, Malaysia and Philippines.  • Collected and analyzed data from a variety of primary and secondary sources; including meetings and personal  interviews with internal and external stakeholders.  • Identified new strategic directions and opportunities for the company to improve and strengthen productivity.  • Presented and delivered executive level presentations with conclusions and recommendations to the CEO and Country Managers of the company. CEO/Co-Founder PLORED - Buenos Aires, AR 2013 to 2017 Positioned and consolidated the company as leader in generating e-commerce consumers;  improved fashion experience of users and helped partner brands engage with customers in a fashion environment.  • Drove process of closing agreements with angel investors generating USD 350K seed investment (including a grant  from the Houston Technology Center). Conducted the valuation analysis and negotiation in every investment round.  • Engaged new clients; obtained 42 commercial agreements/310 LATAM brands in Argentina, Chile, and Uruguay.  • Planned and lead the work of a team of developers, marketers and sales to achieve business objectives.  • Formulated product innovation strategies and analyzed opportunities to enter 2 emerging markets (Chile & Uruguay); led primary research to come up with customization for new markets.  • Competed and won an award of USD 25K equity free, through participation at Incubation Program "Da Vinci batch  1", Montevideo, Uruguay; competed and won an award of USD 35K equity free, through participation at Acceleration  Program "Startup Chile batch 12", Santiago, Chile. Information Risk Manager JPMORGAN - Buenos Aires, AR 2011 to 2013 Executed and leaded multi-faceted projects related to risk management, mitigation and response, compliance, control assurance, and user awareness. Reported directly to a Senior Technology Officer.  • Developed and engineered security strategies, policies/standards, ensuring effectiveness of solutions, and providing  security-focused consultative services to the organization.  • Managed and approved the internal and external "Technology Audits" and the "Central Bank of Argentina Audit".  • Guided and executed the business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan.    • Interpreted regulatory requirements and corporate policies, communicated these clearly alongside the current status,  and provided oversight of compliance as required.  • Instructed cross-functional teams to ensure that policy exception requests and remediation plans were created,  handled, and closed according to JPMorgan risk management procedures. IT Process Analyst KPMG - Buenos Aires, AR 2009 to 2011 Information Security Advisor KPMG - Buenos Aires, AR 2008 to 2009 Education Singularity University - Palo Alto, CA May 2019 Master of International Finance in MFIN Hult International Business School - Boston, MA March 2019 MBA in Winner of the Hult Entrepreneurship Challenge Hult International Business School - Boston, MA August 2018 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Universidad Argentina de la Empresa - Buenos Aires, AR February 2013 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ignaciolopez2017 Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation Certification The Foundation level is the entry level certification which offers you a general awareness of the key elements, concepts and terminology used in the ITIL service lifecycle, including the links between lifecycle stages, the processes used and their contribution to service management practices. Financial Modeling in Excel