IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Kootenai Health Post Falls, ID Network and Systems Administrator and Military Veteran with a Top Secret Security Clearance and over 8 years of proven experience in leadership, logistics, and communication. Possesses a comprehensive background in systems engineering, network security management, tactical communications and cyber systems operations. Consistently achieved exceptional and measurable results in a dynamic, fast-paced environment in both civilian and military capacities. Possesses extensive knowledge in information technology, maintenance management, troubleshooting, training/development, quality assurance, and complex data analysis. Recipient of awards for outstanding performance and professionalism in the United States Air Force. Career supported by specialized technical military leadership training, Linux/AWS certifications, and a Bachelor of Information and Computer Science pending 2019.    • Systems and Network Administration  • System Security and Recovery  • Data Analysis  • Project Management  • Customer Service  • Policy Implementation  • Equipment Management/Repair  • User Training and Support  • Programming and Scripting Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Kootenai Health - Coeur d'Alene, ID 2019 to Present Implemented security monitoring and automated alerting for windows/linux servers. Created standard runbook documentation/procedures for common tasks and for continuity. Implemented code version control by standing up Gitlab server and ensured secure access through active directory authentication. Authored scripts to pull information on rogue IPs using a combination of common network tools such as whois, dig, nslookup, host and netcat. Communicated to server teams vulnerabilities and how to mitigate/address/prioritize. Provided further insight on security incidents/investigations where a more technical deep dive was necessary. Systems Engineer Seattle, WA 2017 to 2019 Promoted cloud adoption strategies utilizing newest services and ensuring frugality of backup procedures. Suggested architectural decisions for continuity of operations/sustainability of implementing long term solutions. Documented procedural activities for rollback of existing cloud services along with approaches for best  practices.  • Provided full life cycle cloud service support on new build projects by utilizing cloud computing/cloud automation for build out of serverless/Lambda in Paris/Japan/classified regions.  • Experience in a 24 x 7 cloud production environment participating in oncall; Troubleshot application architecture of existing customers and resolved issues in less than 1 hour.  • Familiarity with scaling techniques using AWS autoscaling groups and continuous integration automation using cloudformation  • Experience drafting and documenting release management through use of internal change management documents for rollback/standardization  • Utilized commercial and government cloud environments and services and provided security and recommendation of technical solutions, architecture design, and implementation timelines in support of business application requirements.  • Worked closely with software development engineers for design, development to transfer existing applications to the cloud.  • Communicated to the supervisor and team current project objectives/milestones including gaps in technical requirements, potential problems and issues and scheduling to accomplish overall build execution of Lambda/Serverless.  • Participated on Agile software development teams while supporting many senior stakeholders and served as a Subject Matter Expert and implementer of cloud technologies solutions.  • Developed and recommended changes in the functions and goals of the organization and provided feedback to senior leadership for process improvement through correction of errors.  • Specialized experience in providing cloud service support on IT projects and providing advice and guidance on cloud solution efforts to external and internal customers.  • Experience utilizing AWS cloud technology in production environments for sustainability/scalability; certified Solutions Architect/Developer associate  • Familiarity with cloud automation technologies like cloudformation; troubleshot failed rollback, stack updates and documenting changes through changesets.  • Skilled in cloud security; drafted/documented change management procedures for rotation of IAM user API credential rotation and least privilege access through use of IAM policies.  • Utilized Cloudwatch/Cloudtrail for auditing/monitoring of systems/api calls for troubleshooting security issues/errors.  • Provided guidance for best practices of backup strategies through use of EBS/S3/Glacier archival of logs along with pros and cons of each one.  • Implemented multiple levels of defense for existing customers through use of NACLs/ Security groups to allow specific CIDR ranges/ports along with Bastion/Public/Private subnets.  • Skilled in applying project management/agile methodologies where appropriate to meet deadlines and keep team on track and focused on overall goals.  • Skilled in state-of-the-art computer hardware and software, metrics, testing, configuration management, and their interrelationships  • Daily user of open source/version control utilizing git and other linux distros to branch/develop new features for implementation.  Amazon Web Services - Seattle, WA 2016-2017  Cloud Support  Provided automation of system administration tasks for new and existing virtual systems for over 100+ business customers.  Scripted new approaches for automating creation and deletion of resources along with maintenance of system inventory.  Debugged and analyzed system issues and provided best practices to quickly mitigate and resolve them in less than 24 hrs.  Developed and improved existing automation tasks passed through using bootstrap scripts ensuring correctly configured servers  • Automated deletion of several hundred AWS-Opsworks security groups using combination of AWS CLI & bash; saved user 2+ hours.  • Created bash script to estimate completion time of EBS Snapshot; provided customer with data for senior management.  • Automated deletion of several thousand snapshots older than a specified time period through use of AWS CLI & bash scripting; saved company hundreds of man hours.  • Created bash script that automates starting and stopping of all instances within specified region for CSAs; ensured frugality of resources.  • Created script for customer to describe all instances within all regions; saved user from having to run iterate through each region.  • Troubleshot pathing issues for customer trying to run Cloudsearch commands along with creating script to delete individual items to be parsed; saved customer 2+ hours. Network and Systems Administrator UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 2011 to 2016 Maintained a $36M enterprise of 4 multi-classified networks supporting 220 sites/7 continents/33 countries/1.1K users. Scripted, programmed, and provided project management for systems-related projects of UNIX and LINUX mission systems. Created file systems, installed software, created a backup and recovery policy, monitored network communications, and updated systems as soon as new version of OS and application software came out.  • Experience with Linux servers in virtualized environments and Linux scripting languages (BASH, Python)  • Familiarity with configuration management tools, such as Puppet, Chef, Ansible and RedHat Satellite.  • Efficient in computer security, system documentation, password and identity management; hardened 130+ Linux systems.  • Installed, configured, and maintained services such as Bind and Apache; Built and monitored services on production servers  • Analyzed, troubleshot, and provided solutions for technical issues; resolved smart card encryption issues for 212 users  • Provided customer support for user administration; setup and maintained accounts providing 24 hour availability.  • Maintained systems to verify that peripherals are working properly; quickly arranged repair for hardware in the occasion of hardware failure.  • Implemented policies for the use of the computer system and network and set up security policies for users. Education Bachelor Information and Computer Science Western Governor's University 2019 Associate Information Systems Technology Community College of the Air Force 2013 Skills Linux, Solaris, Visio, Cisco, Networking Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/djturner1