Helpdesk Technician Helpdesk Technician Helpdesk Technician - Leidos Bowie, MD A multi-talented professional with Information Technology and banking services experience. Over three years of IT service support and delivery experience with the Federal Government. Experience in serving as a part of an organization's first line of IT support, with the ability to quickly analyzing customer needs and ensure requests are immediately filled or directed to the right personnel. Experience supporting over 80,000 customers world-wide. Over one year of experience in the banking industry, knowledgeable in banking services, and experience providing detail-oriented customer service. A professional with strong quantitative and problem solving skills, as well as exceptional communication skills. Demonstrated skills and trustworthiness with an active Top Secret Clearance. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Helpdesk Technician Leidos - Washington, DC December 2017 to Present • Provide technical and user support to employees who utilize the FBI's classified Guardian application (i.e., process access requests, system navigation, troubleshooting, role modifications)  • Review online requests of members belonging to the law enforcement community to determine whether applicants meet criteria for access to the FBI's unclassified threat tracking system, eGuardian.  • Liaison with staff at all levels (professional support, managers, system developers) to resolve issues effectively and efficiently.  • Capture and track daily customer interactions utilizing the FBI's Service Manager application.  • Train users on normal as well as updated system functionality.  • Actively participate in meetings with system developers and managers to discuss noteworthy problems and upcoming system changes. IT Service Desk Analyst CACI, Inc - Arlington, VA July 2014 to Present U.S. Department of State - Beltsville, Maryland  • Served as a senior IT Service Desk Analyst (SDA) supporting 80,000+ Department of State (DOS) user community of CONUS and overseas employees and contractors  • Identified, logged, classified, prioritized, and performed initial diagnosis, where able, for service requests and incidents; performed timely escalations and appropriate resolver group assignments  • Quickly analyzed customer requirements in order to best support or direct their request to the appropriate personnel  • Followed the organization's processes, procedures, and ITIL best practice  • Recognized by leadership for performing duties efficiently and within agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs) (e.g. service awards)  • Served as a member of the Account Transfer Task Force (TTF) serving thousands of DOS customers who transition between CONUS and overseas assignments  • Developed staff schedules and planned staff assignments for TTF process activities; ensured TTF requirements were addressed in a timely manner  • Recommended new and improved processes to support more efficient customer service  • Utilized the Remedy ITSM tool for confidential customer data collection, recording service requests and other ITSM processes (e.g. Incident Management, Change Management, etc.)  • Follow appropriate security procedures for maintaining confidentiality and secure access to DOS systems  • Utilized remote access tools, including SCCM Remote, Registry Editor, Computer Management, Active Directory, and MS-Exchange System Manager to support customers  • Remain knowledgeable of Department applications and systems to provide Tier 1 Incident Management and Request Fulfillment  • Collaborate with Tier 2 and 3 support groups to monitor and disseminate outage or advisory notifications to the DOS community, both domestic and abroad  • Utilized a host of resources to solve moderate to complex problems  • Utilized first-hand experience, extensive knowledge of the organization and customer needs to make recommendations for IT policies and process improvement, as well as make contributions to Knowledge Management  • August 2016 - Received Account Transfer Task Force Recognition Award  • October 2016 - Received Account Transfer Task Force Recognition Award  • 2015 - Service Desk Analyst Recognition Award  • 2014 - Service Desk Analyst Certificate of Appreciation Security Officer Securitas, Inc - Washington, DC October 2012 to October 2013 • Performed physical security, controlling access to the law firm of Mayer Brown  • Screened employees, visitors, and contractor personnel for facility access  • Followed procedures to verified and monitored identification upon building entry  • Conducted periodic and routine foot patrol of perimeters, parking lot, and other high traffic areas as well as interior, storage, and other structures  • Monitored a closed circuit television (CCTV) system for unusual activity and immediately responded to any unusual findings while alerting appropriate officials of any apparent security violations. Driver Apogee Trucking - Beltsville, MD September 2011 to October 2012 • Provided quality customer service via the transportation of goods.  • Utilized shipping logistics software to gather, analyze, and confirm daily itineraries.  • Performed quality inspections of delivery vehicles to check for damages, assessed maintenance needs on vehicles, and maintained vehicle records of use and maintenance.  • Responded to last minute changes in schedule and additional destinations as necessary. Teller (Full-time) Bank of America - Langley Park, MD February 2011 to September 2011 • Conduct and process financial transactions with clients  • Respond to customer inquiries via telephone and email  • Advise account holders of eligibility for various products offered  • Issued personal money orders and cashier's checks, accepted orders and payment for U.S. Savings Bonds, and sold American Express Travelers Checks (single & multiple signers)  • Accurately balanced and verified drawer on a daily basis Teller I PNC Bank - Washington, DC July 2007 to August 2008 Periodically) Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management Delaware State University - Dover, DE May 2009 Skills Active Directory (3 years), BMC (Less than 1 year), Remedy (3 years), Requirements Analysis (Less than 1 year), Windows, Windows 7, Technical Support Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zhoj4n25kmzh39aj Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TRAINING/SKILLS/CERTIFICATIONS    • Information Technology Support for Federal Govt.  • HDI Support Center Analyst Certified  • Active Directory, SCCM, BMC Remedy, etc.  • Top Secret Clearance    • Banking Industry Experience  • Banking Service Policies/Procedures  • Requirements Analysis  • Balancing Financial Records