IT Support <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Marion, IL Trained IT Professional, Security officer and Customer Service Representative capable of performing the functions and duties issued in a fast pace and high risk environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Jacobs Engineering Tier September 2018 to December 2018 For corporate merger)  Diagnose and Repair IT related issues for clients and potential clients on windows based systems  Inform and Educate clients on information security tips to keep data safe  Manage Active Directory and support clients on windows OS issues from ME through Windows 10.  Information Security Analytics and Data Analytics for business strategies and security. Customer Service Associate Lowes - Westminster, CO May 2017 to February 2018 • Providing excellent customer service and assisting customers in their shopping needs.  • Managing working relationships with customers as well as obtaining product knowledge in order to better suit the customer's needs.  • Evidence Collection Specialist Evidence Collection Specialist Needham, MA November 2015 to March 2017 • Collecting evidence by recording devices  • data management  • Protecting client assets and personnel during labor disputes.  • Security Officer Armed / Unarmed Armed Security Officer Allied Barton Security - Denver, CO June 2014 to April 2015 Unarmed Security Officer US Securities - Denver, CO March 2014 to May 2014 Job Description:  • Providing courthouse security for Arapahoe County and Arapahoe County Sheriff's Office.  • Providing security for client assets while maintaining and enforcing company protocols.  • Military Personnel 35F Intelligence Analyst US Army - Fort Carson, CO July 2008 to May 2012 Job Description:  • Provide tactical intelligence both on and off the battlefield.  • Responsible for maintaining high levels of security as well as transportation and storage of classified material in both a cyber-warfare and physical environment.  • Deep root data mines for information on locating and identifying high value targets.  • Maintain a TS level clearance through the DOD Education IT Certifications in IT Leaderquest - Centennial, CO March 2018 to November 2018 US Army Intelligence School - Fort Huachuca, AZ Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, MS OFFICE, COLLECTION, REPORT WRITING, OPERATIONS Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E4 August 2007 to May 2012 35F Intelligence Analyst Branch: United States Army Rank: E4 Additional Information Skills  - Computer Repair / Diagnosis - MS Office Suite  - Evidence Collection - Windows OS Operations / Repair  - Report Writing - Business Analytics  - Interpersonal Communication - Project Management  - Windows Based Hardware Knowledge and repair - Situation Briefing  - Active Directory Administrator - Website Support