IT Security Applications Supervisor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Applications Supervisor IT Security Applications Supervisor - ENTRE COMPUTER SERVICES Rochester, NY Tech savvy, with the ability to learn quickly and apply new software or changes to any situation. Resolve issues and trouble shoot with ease. Well-organized with an attention to details. Ability to remain calm and focused under pressure. Excellent listening and communication skills. Flexible and able to deal with challenging personalities, understanding that efficiency is achieved by being mindful of future and often unanticipated needs. Work Experience IT Security Applications Supervisor ENTRE COMPUTER SERVICES March 2018 to Present • Supervisor of Security Systems Administrator for SAS team  • Lead on AD/ Application projects and priorities  • 2nd tier User Provisioning Support (includes answering any questions that the Entre team has that fall outside of policy)  • Global Password Change  • Security Migrations ( security code changes for PeopleSoft)  • Maintain all Application Security SOPs and Access Request forms  • PeopleSoft Integration Support - work with each of the areas in building the IMARFs and work with Entre Computer Services on execution.  • Service Now - training and configuration /queue management  • Audit and Compliance - Regular reviews with Entre computer Services to ensure they are meeting all audit requirements. Also support any additional applications that move into our team (US based) from a maintenance perspective.  • Creation of AD groups and Distribution Lists for Americas  • Quarterly Review of Powerful Accounts - Application Security - Conduct 1st review and prepare documents for my signoff.  • AD Cleanup - with all of the changes we have had over the last few months, we need to conduct a full audit of AD to ensure that all non-standard IDs have new owners and are being tracked.  • Account Locks - monitoring and follow-up on user accounts that continue to have locking issues (trace device that's locking and work with user)  • Follow up and remediation of Nitro alerts  • Projects assigned by IT Security Manager  • Primary support for all day to day IT Application Security operations under direction of Sr. Manager of IT Security ENTRE COMPUTER SERVICES 2016 to Present IT Security Applications Support Analyst ENTRE COMPUTER SERVICES April 2016 to February 2018 • Back up for Lead Security Systems Administrator for SAS team  • User Provisioning in Active Directory/Exchange create and maintain domain accounts, PeopleSoft, Sales Force, Kintana for Global Bausch Lomb and Valeant users  • Complying with federal regulations SOX & FDA at Bausch & Lomb  • Back up for Lead on AD/ Application projects and priorities  • Experience managing a Microsoft environment, with an emphasis on the following technologies: Microsoft Exchange, SQL Server, Active Directory, PeopleSoft, and Windows Server and Desktop operating systems  • Providing consistent, ongoing communication to other IT members.  • Experience with Service Now ticketing software, Network troubleshooting  • Manage the Administration accounts across multiple systems (Including MS Active Directory, Peoplesoft, and SQL Databases)  • Apply knowledge of PeopleSoft security delivered functionality (User Profiles, Roles, Permission List, Portal Security, Sync, etc.) to maximize features and functionality in support of identified customer requirements. Call Center Representative ENTRE COMPUTER SERVICES 2015 to 2016 Trouble shooting computer software/hardware concerns brought forth by customer complaints. Working with Active Directory, Energy East/Amer Domain, ITSM-Ticketing System, SAP, and Microsoft Office Outlook. Assisting with IT requests for security access to software/hardware/Internet/different password security levels. Internship BOCES Brockport 2015 to 2015 Call Center Representative    Cloned operating systems/boot nuked laptops and older PCS, Fixed network connection issues, imaged new laptops. Education Certification in Cisco IT Essentials Certificate New York State - Rochester, NY 2015 Certificate Carbon Black Technical Academy Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (1 year), MS OFFICE (1 year), CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year), RECEPTIONIST (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  * Eidetic memory  * Teamwork skill  * Customer Service orientated  * Proficient in Microsoft Office  * Adaptability and Flexibility  * Strategic and Analytical  * Active Directory  * Service Now Ticketing System  * Carbon Black