Data Central Senior Support Analyst Data Central Senior Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Data Central Senior Support Analyst - Restaurant Magic Land O' Lakes, FL Production support tech with highest quality application support skills. An expert in customer service, technical support, issue funneling and troubleshooting, documentation, and business partner relations. Enjoys and thrives in fluid, fast paced, project oriented environments.    Solutions - driven IT professional with extensive experience solving complex technical support challenges.  Customer - focused expert in communication, SLA's, instruction and training, with demonstrated ability to build and manage all levels of business relationships.  Resourceful - demonstrated aptitude in analyzing and translating complex customer challenges into innovative working custom solutions.  Motivated - achiever exceeds expectations by delivering highest volume, resolution, with highest satisfaction rates.  Articulate - Capable of blending technical expertise with exceptional interpersonal skills to effectively interact and support customers, business partners, and executives.  Technical - adept at driving recurring issues out of support environments though better process, policy, documentation, and training.  Expertise and Experience with    Humble - Team builder  Hungry - Hard working  Smart - Good communicator  Common Sense  Time Management  Production Support  Customer Service  MS Office, SharePoint  AutoTask, Remedy  POS systems  Demand Forecasting  Supply Chain  JDA i2, SAP  Enterprise Applications  Documentation  Training & Instruction  Policies and Procedures  Remote, VPN, Citrix  Project Management Work Experience Data Central Senior Support Analyst Restaurant Magic - Tampa, FL April 2016 to Present - Tier 2 senior support responding to customer challenges with extensive proprietary database.  - Remote server installs, testing, imports, exports, troubleshooting POS files and deliver.  - AutoTask Ticketing management: queues, issue sub-issue, work flow, SLA's, billing.  - Project lead for company KPI project and initiatives. SAP New Business Specialist Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA August 2003 to September 2005 - Managed new SAP products and customers into Intel's global SAP environment.  - Negotiated SLA's, Polices and procedure and set expectations of new SAP products and customers. JDA i2 Application Support Specialist Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA June 2002 to September 2005 - Designed, landed, and managed new 24/7/365 support model for Intel's global i2 database rollout project.  - Negotiated KPI, support SLA's, policies, procedures with customers and business partners.  - Enhancement testing and material author and trainer for global Intel user base.  - Member of team responsible for $200+ Million in year 1 savings, and $500+ million years 2 and 3. Remedy Control Analyst Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA October 2001 to June 2002 - Represented IT Product and Service owners for requirements gathering for global Remedy upgrade project.  - Managed IT and product owner data tables, SLA's, and disputes between IT, reporting, and product owners.  - Material author and trainer supporting new Remedy documentation, tools, resources, and rollout.  - Member of team responsible for project effort responsible for $50+ million in yearly savings. Information Security Technical Writer/Trainer Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA April 2001 to October 2001 - Author, trainer, and instructor for new security course materials to 10,000+ global user groups.  - Reduced security violations, support hold times, contact costs resulting in $3+ million in yearly savings. IT Global Help Desk Supervisor Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA August 2000 to April 2001 - Supervisor for off-shift global IT help desk.  - Developed employees through: instruction, coaching, career path development, reviews, mentoring.  - Reduced global IT support desk costs and hold times through properly resolved user challenges. Help Desk Tech Intel Corporation - Folsom, CA June 1999 to August 2000 - Top tier-1 Help Desk tech with highest Volume and Resolution Rates (120+ tier-1 techs).  - Top tier-2 Help Desk tech with highest VRR (15 Tier-2 techs, maintained top 10% VRR 190+ tier-1 techs).  - Supported hardware, software, OS, mobile, network, outlook, exchange, Antivirus, VPN, etc.  - Improved customer satisfaction rates through properly serviced user challenges.  (813) 345-8779 ? TimMac-jobs@outlook.com Additional Information Exceptional communication, customer service, and relationship building skills.  Positively engage all levels of customer temperaments and aptitudes to deliver highly technical solutions.  Excellent customer and business partner relationship management.  Outstanding Tier-1 and Tier-2 trouble shooting skills with highest satisfaction, volume, and resolution rates.  Funneling technical challenges to root cause, impact, and solution with clear and concise documentation.  Ability to manage projects, tasks, and priorities in highly fluid production environments.  Highly effective working within teams, independently, or in leadership roles.  Experience supporting complex environments for global business partners and customers.