PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEER PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEER PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINER - Unified Office Inc Concord, NH Network Analyst experienced in network configuration and talented at resolving highly technical issues efficiently. Work Experience PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEER Unified Office Inc - Nashua, NH August 2017 to Present Responsible for the configuration and deployment of a proprietary VOIP service.  Reviewed logs for networking devices for unresolved abnormalities and problems.  Diagnosed system hardware and software problems.  Completed remote repairs involving software solutions and hardware repairs.  Communicated with vendors and ISP's to resolve network outages and periods of reduced  performance. PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEER Bradford Networks Inc - Concord, NH October 2015 to March 2017 Monitored three company-wide trouble ticket queues.  Reviewed logs for networking devices for unresolved abnormalities and problems.  Troublehot and maintained certain networking devices and infrastructure including switches, routers and firewalls  Communicated with vendors to resolve network outages and periods of reduced performance.  Documented customer server and network problems and other unusual events in detail.  Upgraded and expanded customer network access control devices.  Completed remote repairs involving software solutions and hardware repairs.  Worked with VMWare and HyperV Virtualized versions of the proprietary Network Sentry appliance. SECURITY OPERATIONS CENTER ANALYST Dell SecureWorks - Providence, RI December 2013 to October 2015 Monitored two trouble ticket queues.  Maintained managed firewalls and security appliances.  Reviewed logs for managed networking and security devices for unresolved abnormalities and problems.  Troubleshot and maintained managed networking and security devices and infrastructure including  firewalls and IDS/IPS devices.  Communicated with vendors to resolve network outages and periods of reduced performance.  Documented managed server and network problems and other unusual events in detail.  Diagnosed system hardware and software problems.  Completed remote repairs involving software solutions and hardware repairs. IT INTERN Portsmouth School Department - Portsmouth, RI July 2012 to January 2013 Provided base level IT support to school department employees resolving user concerns with software, printing and network access.  Built and provided basic end-user troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows, Linux and Mac  systems.  Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues. IT INTERN Bank of Newport - Middletown, RI May 2011 to August 2011 Provided base level IT support to non-technical bank personnel.  Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues.  Answered telephone calls promptly and minimized delays that could lead to abandoned calls.  Performed account maintenance in Active Directory.  Assisted in the testing, upgrading and imaging of bank computers. Education Bachelor of Science Roger Williams University - Bristol, RI May 2013 Skills FIREWALLS (3 years), IDS (1 year), IPS (1 year), VMWARE (2 years), LINUX (2 years), Cisco, CCNP Additional Information Skills  Analytical and critical thinker Experienced in troubleshooting network issues  Fast learner involving DHCP, DNS, RADIUS and other  Superior verbal and written communication network protocols.  skills Skilled in TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS & TCPdump  Skilled troubleshooter Experience in working with and managing  Linux (CentOS) and Windows 7 through 10.  Experience with Cisco, Palo Alto firewalls and  IDS/IPS devices  Familiar with SSL certificates  Familiar with VMWare and HyperV