IT Security / Support Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> / Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security / Support Analyst -BI Intellegence Qlikview/ Qliksense Columbus, OH Proven experience with a background and working in IT Security / Support Business Analyst Mainly in the Compliance and vulnerability governance. Vast understanding in gathering business requirements and creating business cases in a Compliance It security enviremonet Most recently I have been a part of the IT security team at Gap, reducing the vulnerability of all platforms and worked with managers in defining the security compliance of Gap-Direct applications by using tools Like (SIEM, Spunk) on a Cloud to get a real understanding of the analytical Security vulnerability of the Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security / Support Analyst Gap, Inc December 2017 to Present • Support of Gap Helpdesk environment and assist in the Creating Learning material for the team.  • Creating Business strategies to tackle in compliance security issues by working with the Infrastructure team  • Became a liaison between the IT and different departments  • Using security tools like SPUNK and SIEM IDS-IPS to get a clear overview in an analytical sense of the vulnerabilities of the systems by monitoring the Network  • Created partnerships with technology groups to help enforce security and vulnerability remediation to mitigate all serious vulnerabilities thus reducing overall risk metrics for the line of business for applications and databases and host systems  • Assisted in small projects to help enforce infrastructure security on all platforms in compliance with IT governance. Mitigated info security risks with completions of projects on or before deadlines  • Helped with application on boarding and support including gathering functional and technical requirements and making sure they meet the corporate security standard Qlikview Developer Chase (SGI) - Columbus, OH March 2016 to November 2017 • Understanding the requirements from the users. Suggested better way of presenting charts, which are accepted and successfully implemented in the dashboards.  • Worked in a Qlikview/ BA role Serving and working to define functional Business Requirements and creating Dashboards that assisted Managers in Understanding the Progress of the Financial Mortgage team  • Advanced data modeling and transformation: Snowflake and Star Schema  • Aggregation of data from different relational dimensions  • Visualization and design of dashboards and reporting for different departmental Data  • Extracting or data mining from different application formats Excel, Access, SQL Server and CSV files.  • Implementation of incremental load process and data set manipulation to formulate advanced graphs and charting for different DP to visualize.  • Created document for the project planning and production interface documentation.  • Four dashboards were created, along with helping other team to create Qlikview reports.  • Data security implementation on both document and user level by formulating section access through both scripting or server end changes. Business Analyst /Intelligence Cardinal Health -Fuse February 2015 to March 2016 • Implementation of New Medical Applications with Qlikview and Data Modeling for Clients ( Patient)  • Data Modeling and Transformation:  • Data from different Relational Dimensions  • Implementation of Incremental Load Process and Data Set Manipulation to formulate advanced Graphs and Charting for different DP to visualize.  • Backing up Qlikview files on a daily bases to administer changes that were done to projects  • Data Security Implementation on Both Document and User Level by formulating Section Access through both scripting or Server end Changes.  Development Tools: Qlikview 11.0, Qliksense Desktop, SQL Server 2008.. Linux Support Administrator/Server Side Support DEX Corp February 2013 to December 2014 • Management and configuration of all network and server operating systems and hardware for Dex. Corp  • Participation in monthly on-call pager rotation to diagnose & repair Linux servers, network devices (switches, firewalls, routers) and databases in production  • Monitoring of server logs configuration and Administration of many tools  • User administration and maintaining of back-end Linux platform. File space allocation and monitoring system performance.  • Created backup and recovery policies as well as Implementing the policies for the use of the computer system and network  • New software and patch installation Education Diploma in Test Management Applications Southern Institute of Technology Skills SECURITY, SIEM, LINUX, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CA-7, SQL, Microsoft Office, Sharepoint, HTML, access, testing, training, Cisco Certifications/Licenses Qlikview September 2017 to Present Qlikview Developer ,Dash boarding and BI Intelligence.