Media Analyst Media <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Davidsonville, MD Sarah Stokes is a Cybersecurity professional with two years of technical experience and over five years of providing administrative functions. Her experience includes an internship with Fidelis Cyber Security Solutions where she was responsible for working alongside industry leading cybersecurity engineers to perform full life cycle Forensic Examinations. She is currently enrolled in a Bachelor's program for Information Technology Management at Western Governors University. During her time at Fuse Engineering she gained knowledge in leading recruiting, recruiting projects, and staying up to date with current technologies. She was the lead recruiter for all staffing and under her, the staff grew by 150% from the previous year. She was the main point of contact for program and staffing managers and dealt daily to their staffing needs. She was responsible for coordinating all meetings for upper management. She is also responsible for juggling multiple deadlines and keeping processes flowing at highest efficiency. She has experience with Windows Systems, Software Updating, Wiping and formatting drives, and performing forensic examinations based on a company's strict standards and policies. Work Experience Media Analyst SAIC - Bethesda, MD October 2018 to Present Responsible for the imaging, extraction, and collection of media.   • Performs forensic triage duties, while followingprotocols to ensure ingestion standards are met  • Manages chain of custody, while acting as a courier to retrieve data from external partners  • Responsible for manually maintaining and entering collection information into multipledatabases  • Oversees the automated tools used to ingestvalidated images to the network share  • Preforms validation protocols to confirm image/medias integrity (hash analysis), while working directly with other internal offices to retrieve additional media from customers if complications may occur  • Engages with internal offices ensure ingestion is meeting expectations Talent Acquisition Specialist/ Lead/ IT Support Fuse Engineering January 2017 to Present • Led Fuse Engineering recruiting services by finding and placing TS/SCI/FSP technical talent, including experts in Redhat/Linux, Windows, VMware, Cisco, and NetApp.  • Engaged in full life-cycle recruiting activities; manage an average of 50-60 open requisitions concurrently; manages vacancies for prime contract holders, 22 contracts in total.  • Managed recruiting budget, and implemented new budget for 2018  • Implemented and created new recruiting processes  • Completed onboarding of all candidates to include enrolling candidates into health benefits, payroll, scanning and filling of all HR documents, and creating accounts within the HR Module.  • Conducted/presented weekly meetings reporting of all recruiting/staffing needs  • Lead Recruiting portion of Monthly "Staff Meeting" reporting on all recruiting needs/functions to include, current employee issues, and upcoming pipelines while proposing a solution.  • Worked with management to ensure timely understanding of current and future workforce needs and implemented improvements to staffing processes including sourcing and selection.  • Maintained and updated required records (tracking resumes, phone screens, interviews, etc.) to report on recruitment activity through our applicant-tracking tool. (iCIMS)  • Edited and proof-read Resumes thus qualifying candidates to government Labor Categories (LCATS)  • Coordinated scheduling for meetings/interviews for all upper management/personnel  • Preformed quarterly audits  • Worked directly with the Director of Finance, and VP of Operations to write formal and contingent offer letters for potential candidates  • Used Sharepoint and other staffing tools (Taleo; etc) to track varies vacancies among selective contracts  • Obtains employee identification, and security pre-screening questions (for possible pipelines), vets candidates for potential pipeline candidates. - Reports on whether I think to proceed or decline processing.  • Conducted technical interviews for cleared candidates and in office staff and would then vet candidates for positions.  • Insures all overhead computers are up to date with the lastest anti-virus software packages  • Was responsible for intermittent trouble shooting of the network when the internet was down, and also logged into the Cisco sever to power on the VM as needed for employees  • Works directly with our FSO to ensure security compliance with current and upcoming employees, along with monitoring current pipeline candidates  • Worked with Network Administrators when network was down to trouble shoot any possible issues.  • Responsible for setting up employee work computers for new hires and/or wiping computer's after termination  • Researches and reports on potential Information Technology products and software advancements for overhead office. Works directly with management to implement new plans for corporate office to ensure upmost security. Receptionist/Lead Veterinary Technician/Surgery Technician Chesapeake Animal Clinic April 2016 to January 2017 • Responsible for troubleshooting Avimark veterinary software  • Provided support to the Avimark Help Desk team to update software  • Responsible for creating CDs and using external hard drives to download Xrays and other veterinary imaging  • Maintained inventory records in the database  • Responsible for the accuracy of patient history and health.  • Responsible for installing updates for Norton Anitivirus software.  • Clerical duties include answering phones, charting, scheduling appointments, taking nurse phone calls, medical consultations, insurances, education of clients, assist with the inventory assets of medications within the facility  • Orders office supplies  • Providing excellent customer service    Other duties include:  • Administering medications (orally, subcutaneous, intravenous, intramuscular)  • Blood draws, IV Catheters, IV Sets  • Radiographs, analyzing skin/ear cytologies, testing fecals, clip/flush/treat wounds  • Monitoring patients under Anesthesia  • Drug Calculations  • Dental Cleanings  • Obtaining Histories and engaging in client communication Receptionist/Veterinary Technician Highway Veterinary Hospital June 2014 to April 2016 • Responsible for providing customers with billing estimates, scanning and entering data into practice Cornerstone veterinary software.  • Assisted in the software updates for Cornerstone. Burned CDs, and transferred data onto USB Drives (patient imaging).  • Providing excellent customer service  • Clerical duties include answering phones, charting, scheduling appointments, taking nurse phone calls, medical consultations, insurances, education of clients, assist with the inventory assets of medications within the facility    Other duties include:  • Administering medications (orally, subcutaneous, intravenous, intramuscular)  • Blood draws, IV Catheters, IV Sets  • Radiographs, analyzing skin/ear cytologies, testing fecals, clip/flush/treat wounds  • Monitoring patients under Anesthesia  • Drug Calculations  • Dental Cleanings  • Obtaining histories, and engaging in client communication Cyber Security Engineer Intern Fidelis Cyber Security Solutions April 2015 to November 2015 • Assisted and worked alongside of Forensic Examiners and Reverse Engineers that specialize in intrusions  • Assisted in performing Forensic examinations and pre-processing of images  • Ensuring all antivirus software was up to date on all laboratory workstations  • Researches, and analyses Cybersecurity products/tools and provides in-site, and reports findings along with professional opinion.  • Researches and tests new Forensic tools  • Provided exceptional customer service by consulting with network administrators regarding various help desk issues on administration systems  • Assisting in updates within the forensic network to include organization, software updates and updating of forensic workstations with new software releases.  • Ensures compliance with all security procedures for all evidence and case handling, provided suggestions for improvement.  • Compiles and collects data from pre-processing and develops reports and provides technical documentation of findings during pre-processing.  • Makes suggestions for possible malicious trends, to include implementing new steps into pre-processing to analyze other drives for duplications and/or patterns that could be of concern.  • Identifies probable areas of concern within evidence, and documents items in report for Senior Engineers review.  • Wipes, formats and encrypts old drives in preparation for next case using TrueCrypt  • Images evidence, labels and stores hard or "golden" (original) copies  • Mounts drives, and evaluates for signature and hash analysis  • Administration items to include assisting with inventory, email communication, building Excel worksheets, Concur (time keeping), data entry, office organization, orders supplies, and various clerical duties. Administrative Assistant Annapolis Vision Center April 2013 to June 2014 • Data entry, Microsoft Office products, invoicing, and billing.  • Provided daily, end of the day expense reports and submitting them to the practice manager.  • Obtaining medical histories, premedical screening, medical screening, contact consultations  • Filing insurances, scanning, faxing, answering phones and scheduling appointments.  • Checking in inventory, ordering inventory for clients, placing patient orders, chart filing  • Provided exceptional customer service Education None in Cyber Security Anne Arundel Community College None in Information Technology Management Western Governors University Certifications/Licenses ACE