IT Security & Compliance Analyst (Contract) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> (Contract) System and Applications Specialist - DESALES UNIVERSITY Ottsville, PA Recognized as a dynamic, enthusiastic, and resourceful professional with more than eight years of expertise within the Information Technology sector. Currently I am working as an IT Security & Compliance Analyst consultant at Guardian Life implementing a shared asset policy throughout the company. Previously I’ve worked as the lead Systems and Applications Specialist at DeSales University, helping manage the core systems for prospect enrolment and student retention. Duties include system installation, configuration, automation, security, application and vendor support in a Windows / Linux environment. I am looking for a permanent position as an IT specialist. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security & Compliance Analyst (Contract) Guardian Life Insurance Company - Bethlehem, PA January 2019 to Present Responsible for implementing an IT shared asset policy throughout the company. My tasks include conducting network research using tools such as Varonis DatAdvantage, PowerShell, and Active Directory. These tools assisted with reaching out to end users and implementing security for all network drives to ensure audit compliance. System and Applications Specialist DESALES UNIVERSITY - Center Valley, PA February 2015 to December 2018 ?         Lead application support (L1-L3) for ERP/CRM systems and their databases (UniData & MYSQL); Acted as lead to all related configurations and integrations.   ?         Tasked with installing all Datatel ERP and MS Dynamics CRM software updates; effectively employed Entrinsik Informer for all reporting needs including mapping, table relationships, and security.  ?         Facilitated user group discussions and training.  ?         Maintained users and groups within active directory (AD) for new system users throughout university. Created and maintained AD groups for new applications such as MS Dynamics.   ?         Configured and maintained Linux processes (user count, EDX, and Phantom process, etc...) and ERP license count via Linux commands (TOP, LISTUSER, PS, KILL, LOCATE, etc…)  ?         Responsible for all Linux crontab scheduling as well as any related BASH scripting. Gravitated towards using VI as editor of choice.  ?         Implemented SSL trusted certificates using either the java keytool in Linux (command line) or Windows IIS.    Selected Contributions    ?         Lead the upgrade from MS Dynamics CRM 2011 to MS Dynamics CRM 2016, including configuration of firewalls, ports, and certs.  ?         Lead the research, and implementation of the universities ERP upgrade to a new Linux server. Successfully migrated user base of 420 faculty, staff, and student workers as well as all 3rd party integrations including flat-files, and EDX subscribers.  ?         Effectively increased university enrolment revenue by implementing client-facing entity applications in Dynamics CRM resulting in the largest class in history; used HTML, JavaScript, ASPX, and core CRM workflows to help automate prospect initiation.  Technical Data Steward (Short term contract) MERCK - West Point, PA November 2014 to January 2015 Charged with maintaining an accurate classification of contracts within Customer Information Management Systems (CIMS) and Customer Master (CM) systems with the help of multiple internet resources including Medpro, NPI, and DEA.  * Generated custom Class of Trade (COT) reports for internal/external distribution.  Selected Contribution  * Ensured compliance with SOPs for process flows and business rules related to data governance. Technical Analyst I (Short term contract) MERCK - West Point, PA June 2014 to November 2014 Collaborated with project stakeholders to gather and analyze requirements.  * Accountable for the planning and the transfer of FDA-regulated studies to external servers; analyzed source data and transferred data (using UNIX rsync) to ensure data accuracy.  * Ensured that all datasets in the Safety Assessment and Laboratory Animals Resources (SALAR) adhered to Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) standards.  Selected Contributions  * As the single point of contact, successfully moved several terabytes of data from tape drives to a digital archiving system, enabling easier lookups.  * Completed contracted work one month ahead of schedule. Quality Assurance Developer MEETME.COM - New Hope, PA May 2010 to May 2013 Tracked/managed project development using Jira bug tracking software; drove stakeholders with resulting applications.  * Created automated testing scripts using Selenium with PHP and iMacros.  * Successfully implemented UI/backend standardized testing guidelines based on gathered requirements; wrote and maintained in Confluence to produce a consistent level of service throughout all MeetMe applications.  Selected Contributions  * Key part of a team of QA Developers tasked with converting applications following a merger when MyYearbook acquired Quepasa and consumed all branded applications.  * Tasked with completing a branding name change from MyYearbook to MeetMe, including all applications and communications.  * Brought one of the first social gaming/video chat applications to market; required extensive applications/video streaming testing. Application Developer Consultant Acro Labels - Willow Grove, PA January 2010 to April 2010 *Tasked with updating the companies existing quoting application written in GW Basic.   *Responsible for investigating options and coding.   *Migrated/updated application with the use of Filemaker as repository for new and existing clients, including form and database use. SharePoint Collaboration Analyst Consultant FMC Corporation - Princeton, NJ August 2009 to December 2009 *Interfaced with clients to develop clients business and systems requirements  *Translated requirements into functional/practical system design.  *Migrated Lotus Quick Place sites to Sharepoint and set administrative settings according to client requirements Web Developer Internship FMC Corporation - Philadelphia, PA May 2008 to August 2008 *Maintained company’s divisional websites, mainly Lithium and Biopolymer divisions using content management framework (DotNetNuke)  *Configured modules to be used within framework using HTML.  *Migrated legacy Lotus Quick Place sites to Microsoft Share Point 2007 to serve as company’s collaborative work place  *Enforced companies file retention policy with Microsoft Share Point.  *Responsible for setting user/group site privileges Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems Technology Temple University - Philadelphia, PA December 2008 Certificate in Electrical CHI Institute - Southhampton, PA January 2000 to November 2000 Associate in Computer Science Bucks County Community College - Newtown, PA Skills HTML (3 years), LINUX (Fedora, Red Hat) (4 years), PHP (3 years), BASH (4 years), CSS (3 years), Cash Application (3 years), Printing (3 years), Application Support (8 years), Network Security (3 years), Active Directory support (4 years), access, training, security, Active Directory, testing Additional Information Enterprise Software: MS Dynamics CRM 2011 - 2016; ServiceNow; Word; Excel; SharePoint 2013;  Database Management: MS SQL Server 2012; Rocket UniData;   Operating Systems: Windows 7, 8, 10; Mac OSX; Linux (RedHat); MS Server 2008, 2012 R2  Development: HTML; JS; CSS; VB.NET; SQL; iMacros; Selenium; PHP; Python; BASH  Network debug: Fiddler, Wireshark, Telnet, Ping