IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Recreation Assistant - Dallas Stars McKinney, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician JCPenney - Plano, TX April 2016 to Present Installing and configuring software, hardware and networks  Monitoring system performance and troubleshooting issues  Ensuring security and efficiency of IT infrastructure  Set up accounts and workstations  Upgrade systems with new releases and models  Develop expertise to train staff on new technologies  Build an internal wiki with technical documentation, manuals and IT policies  Repairing or replacing damaged hardware.  Performing tests and evaluations on new software and hardware.  Establishing good relationships with all departments and colleagues. Recreation Assistant City of Dallas June 2016 to April 2017 After school program management, youth classes teacher  ? Creation, management, communications development of youth, senior sports leagues  ? Financial management, money handling, deposits  ? Manage registrations for participants of youth, senior programs  ? Applications use of RecTrac software to update, maintain customer information  ? Maintenance of building and facilities, including event set-up and breakdown, updating of kiosk ads  ? Operations of city van for after school pickups, responsible for after school program participants  ? Usage of Microsoft Office productivity software (Word, PPT, Outlook) to fulfill daily responsibilities Operations Dallas Stars - Plano, TX December 2012 to April 2017 Operations December 2012 - Current    ? Facilities maintenance, maintenance of building equipment as well as rink specialized equipment  ? Zamboni operations, ice maintenance Security Analyst Garland Heart October 2015 to January 2016 Penetration testing of customer systems, security vulnerability assessments  ? Proficient with Metasploit, Kali Linux, Nexpose  ? Vulnerability assessment of security trends with FFIEC, for various exploits, malware, virus, phishing tactics  ? Customer relations management, onsite coordination of project tasks  ? Executive presentations to customer's C level leadership  ? Security threat knowledge, understanding of FFIEC guidelines Web Marketing Sophia Polk Realty July 2015 to October 2015 Creation, production, management of online web marketing content utilizing Microsoft Publisher  ? Maintenance, updates of web marketing content for individual listings as required  ? Data analytics, trend monitoring of listings, market, competition  ? Management of customer relations, funds, properties  ? Assisted customers with contracts, personal matters Education Arts and Technology, Computer Sciences University of Texas Dallas - Richardson, TX Skills MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), Comptia A+ (Less than 1 year), COMPUTER SECURITY (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ January 2020 Additional Information Certifications& Skills    A+ CompTIA IT Certification  Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows Operating Systems (7, 8, 10), Mac OS, Linux OS, Office 365, Computer Security, Networking, Computer Systems Hardware/Software, Active Directory