IT Security Analyst/Vulnerability Management Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Vulnerability Management Lead IT Security Analyst | Business Systems Analyst | Web Developer | Blockchain Enthusiast Baltimore, MD A skilled IT security expert with a decade of experience in developing, installing, managing, auditing and maintaining secure technology architectures and products, while ensuring proper planning, testing, verification, and risk analysis are compliant with a corporate defined set of security standards and policies. Highly motivated team player, comfortable in interacting with all levels of the organization, with proven leadership experience, technically proficient professional with outstanding problem-solving skills, strong critical thinking communication, and people skills. Able to thrive in fast-paced and challenging large and complex environments where accuracy and efficiency matter. Excellent analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst/Vulnerability Management Lead Textron Systems - Hunt Valley, MD May 2018 to Present Oversee implementation, proper deployment and configuration of network security controls on servers and endpoints, while serving as the main point of contact and lead on vulnerability management; running agent/local scan on all servers; identifying, investigating and remediating vulnerabilities in the organization’s network environment. Support the team in ongoing IT security risk assessments and work instructions, standards and policy reviews – identifies risks, threats, problem areas and recommends standards, policies, and procedures to correct incident findings.  • Configuring and implementing network scanners on servers and endpoints in the corporate network environment to perform ongoing security assessments of the environment.  • Conduct network vulnerability assessments on over hundreds of servers, using tools to evaluate attack vectors, identify system vulnerabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures.   • Assessment of threats and vulnerabilities based on enterprise vulnerability management framework, remediating vulnerabilities on networks and systems; Configure and run automated vulnerability scanning tools; Tenable, prioritize remediation, and track exceptions; identifying and resolving any false positive findings in assessment results.  • Perform quality control of identity and access management request to ensures standards and policies are followed; including admin and server account password management.  • Using sandboxed environment to analyze unknown files and tagging them in a central system.  • Monitor the organization’s critical systems (e.g. e-mail servers, DNS servers, DMZ servers, web servers, etc.) and changes to highly sensitive computer security controls to ensure appropriate system administrative actions, investigate and report on noted irregularities.  • Perform administrative processes, managing and monitoring systems associated with identity and access management (IAM) solutions, providing incident and problem management support.  • Assess current environment and make continuous improvement to it, to align with future state architecture.  • Develop, improve and help implement best practices for risk reduction across a broad range of enterprise applications, systems, networks and interfaces.  • Performs real-time sys log monitoring, security incident handling, investigation, analysis, reporting and escalations of security events from multiple log sources.  •  Coordinating and conducting event collection, log management, event management, compliance automation, and identity monitoring activities using the IBM QRadar platform.  • Knowledge and hands-on skills in the following areas: firewalls, proxy servers, remote access, intrusion detection systems, wireless, encryption, antivirus, DLP, security and risk assessments, content management, and identity management.  • Create and/or maintain documented identity and access control standards, processes, and procedures in accordance with company policy and best practices. Business Systems Analyst Textron Systems - Hunt Valley, MD June 2016 to May 2018 In charge of the development, improvement and maintenance of company’s program unit day-to-day business systems applications and oversees the development of more efficient business processes which make employees productive, reduce costs and increase revenue. Leveraging existing software technologies, making recommendations for enhancement, and developing strategies for attaining operational objectives in a secure network environment.  • Manages data integrity in the COLTS program management suite; a unique combination of supply chain, maintenance management, repair, operations, and configuration tracking that gives businesses, military, and government organizations total asset visibility and property accountability throughout the equipment lifecycle.  • Work closely with manager to analyze and understand business requirements; gather user functional and non-functional requirements, and reports for logical and reasonable outcomes avoiding errors while proposing solutions to the problem.  • Work with customers and development team to gather and interpret user/system requirements into design specifications; SDLC.  • Generated Business Requirement documents (BRD), Functional Specification Design documents (FSD) and Functional Requirement Documents (FRD) to provide systems and infrastructure support, for in-house development of reporting and automation tools.   • Led various Scrum (software/application development) meetings with development team to review functional specification and design the system to functional and technical standards.   • Developed Process Flow Diagram/Activity Diagrams, Test Cases, Use Cases and performed Functionality testing & Regression testing.  • Design and develop reporting tools with QlikView Data and Visual Analytics tool for sales reports and managing performance metrics.  • Advanced the execution of warehouse scheduling systems and inventory management systems with integration of in-house developed application tools for quick data analysis and reporting. Associate ERP Systems Analyst Lycoming Engines - Williamsport, PA January 2015 to June 2016 Managed Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) applications, collaborating with other Business Systems and Applications Analysts to support/lead the implementation of global business initiatives. Assists in facilitating continuous process improvement initiatives across functional areas to support internal and external business processes; and assisting with production support including report generation, data analysis and problem resolution.  • Maintains inventory data integrity across the ERP system by ensuring new BOMs, Routings, and Current Materials are loaded accurately into Oracle E-Business Suite application.  • Provides cross functional team support in resolving company Oracle E-Business Suite application and general business IT resources issues.  • Developing SQL queries to research, analyze, and troubleshoot data and to create business reports; and working with the development team to investigate and correct software bugs and deficiencies.  • Responsible for the development, implementation, support and management of QlikView Business Intelligence application for data analysis and reporting at all the organization functional areas.  • Analyzes data to recommend/lead business process improvement efforts of working processes and driving process improvement activities  • Work with internal and external business partners to streamline business processes, improve operational efficiencies and identify current issues while working with other IT resources to establish and test interfaces.  • Design and develop QlikView application for data analysis and reporting, business planning and management. Systems Administrator/Web Developer Allied Health Systems - Midway, GA May 2013 to December 2014 Responsible for network and computer systems planning, design, security and administration, while ensuring efficient day-to-day operation of these systems and networks. Organize, install, and support the organization's computer systems, including local area networks (LANs), wide area networks (WANs), network segments, intranets, Printers, Time Logging Systems and other data communication systems.  • Administering network settings, managing system administration and hardware management and maintenance in the organization.   • Provides effective installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and related infrastructure.  • Recommends modifications of basic IT systems to improve and simplify business systems and reduce operating cost.  • Assists third party vendor with installation and implementation of wired and wireless networks, systems setup and connection to the organization’s network systems.  • Analyzes data network documentation and communicate to management regarding the current operational status of networks. Web Administrator and Developer Georgia Southern University - Statesboro, GA 2011 to 2013 Responsibilities  Team leader for Center for International Studies development, content update and transfer of web pages from University server hosting to WordPress hosting using the provided templates.  Efficiently designed and maintained web-pages using HTML, CSS, editing PHP and integrates JavaScript applications.  Develops, setup and performs continuous maintenance of websites using Adobe Dreamweaver, forms using Google Form, and graphic designs using Adobe Photoshop as per supervisors instruction and personal intuitions.  Maintain and oversees the integration of hosted web applications and third-party software component.   Collaborate with supervisors and team members to ensure proper update of web-pages and images with the right and appropriate contents and information. Operations Associate FedEx - Nigeria 2009 to 2010 Responsibilities  Provide problem resolution by contacting customers and brokers for missing information. Answer phone inquiries and track shipments.  Data entry of required billing information. Ensure accuracy of bills of lading, freight invoices into system. Perform other duties as required. Education MSc in Applied Information Technology Georgia Southern University - Statesboro, GA 2011 to 2013 BTech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering/Communication Ladoke Akintola University of Technology 2003 to 2008 Skills Security (2 years), Excel, HTML, SAP, SQL, Visio, access, testing, MS Office, Microsoft Office, Powerpoint, Active Directory, Security, training, Inventory Management (2 years), Routers (5 years), Firewalls (2 years), Windows (10+ years), Team Management (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/oaderonmu Certifications/Licenses SAP Certified (0011057874) August 2013 to Present Associate Business Foundation & Integration with SAP ERP 6.0 EHP5  SAP TERP10 Certification - ERP Systems Using SAP  ERP Basics / SAP ERP positioning  SAP NetWeaver integration  Lifecycle Data Management  Procurement Cycle  Material Planning  Manufacturing Execution  Sales Order Management  ERP Financials – Financials Accounting (FI)  Management Accounting-Controlling – (CO)  Inventory and Warehouse Management/Stock Transfer and Transfer Posting  Enterprise asset management and customer service  Program and Project Management  Human Capital Management / HCM Structures  Business Intelligence / Business Information Warehouse Cisco Certified Network Associate(CSCO11751461) March 2008 to March 2013 Foundational networking knowledge of Routing and Switching.  Gained knowledge and experience as Network Specialists, Network Administrators, and Network Support Engineers.  Ability to install, configure, operate, and troubleshoot medium-size routed and switched networks ITIL v3 March 2017 to Present Publications Development and Testing of a Survey Instrument to Assess Ethical Perceptions of IT and IS Students https://digitalcommons.georgiasouthern.edu/information-tech-facpubs/9/ 2013-05 The purpose of this research study is to design a survey instrument to determine the effectiveness of the information technology ( IT) and information systems (IS) programs in teaching ethics and ethical behavior as it relates to the IT profession. As researchers and as teachers, we want to know if students learn what constitutes ethical behavior in the information technology and information system programs and understand the obligations of an information technology professional with regards to ethical behavior in the workplace. A survey was    designed as a tool to assess the effectiveness of teaching ethics in IT and IS curricula. The survey addresses ethical issues such as plagiarism, intellectual property rights, computer related issues, privacy concerns, and law and public policy issues. The survey was administered to classes in an IT degree program in Spring 2013. The development and results of the survey are presented. Additional Information * SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS  Business Intelligence Development Studio (Microsoft Visual Studio), Microsoft Suite, Adobe Creative Suite(Dreamweaver, Photoshop), Microsoft SQL, Oracle SQL Developer, Eclipse, MicroStrategy    Technical & Computing Skills:  SAP ERP (Configuration and Implementation)  SAP Business ByDesign  SAP NetWeaver Business Intelligence (Visual Composer)  SAP Business Explorer  Database Management  Microsoft SQL Server Application  Business Intelligence Development Studio (Microsoft Visual Studio)  HTML (Hypertext Markup Language and CSS (Cascading Style Sheets)  SQL (Structured Query Language)  Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Dreamweaver)  Computer Installation, Operation and Troubleshooting  SAP Crystal Reports/Xcelsius  QlikView Business Intelligence.    * PROJECTS AND RESEARCH  SAP ERP: Configuration and Implementation of An Enterprise Profit Maximizing Tool  Development and Transfer of Websites to Wordpress Hosting Server  Building Web Forms with JavaScript  Mobile Apps Data Security and Privacy Policy: A Study  Ethical Believes in Academic and Working Environment Assessment on IT and IS Programs Students  Managing a Systems Development Project at Consumer and Industrial Products, Inc.  Business Information Technology Strategy - EHR System Case Study    * AWARD AND RECOGNITION  Global Ambassador (Georgia Southern University)  Georgia Southern SAP University Alliances Student Recognition Award