Service Advisor Service Advisor Service Writer Marysville, WA Determined, detailed oriented and energetic professional leader with 6 years' experience in the IT industry in support of national security objectives, leveraging trained teams and experience in the innovation of protecting against cybersecurity threats and ensuring continuity of business operations.    •Formal and specialized training in major areas of IT network cybersecurity and monitoring.  • Excellent organization and communication skills; verbal, written, and presentation.  • Ability to assess needs, analyze and solve problems with attention to detail.  • Management level decision-maker; accountable for setting priorities, planning, meeting goals and punctually following through with deliverables.  • Possess ethics and character of the highest caliber; credited with giving 100% effort and positive impact to team environments.  • Self-motivated, reliable, professional and competent.  • Offering a balance of technical proficiency, experience, leadership, initiative, mature judgment, and the ability to interface effectively with all levels of management, personnel, and clientele. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Service Advisor Scanwest Autosport - Seattle, WA September 2017 to June 2019 • Prepare accurate and detailed repair orders that describe customer concerns, known issues, and likely causes along with repairs that may be required.   • List all pertinent information necessary for technicians to properly diagnose issues with customer cars.   • Experienced with working directly with customers to inform them of repairs needed and what to watch for in future repairs or services.   • Knowledge of inventory, parts ordering, inquiry and searchable diagrams as to what exactly is needed for the year / model and manufacturer.   • Always courteous and respectful to customers in encouraging preventative maintenance service to keep their vehicle running better for a worry free maintenance schedule.   •Motivated to learn more, progress and move forward in the automotive industry and the community around it. Cybersecurity Analyst DoD DIB Cybersecurity Program - Arlington, VA December 2015 to January 2017 • Support USMC PPO SharePoint web development for new portal from 1/16 - 3/16  • Work with large team within the DoD Defense Industrial Base Cybersecurity Program in support of their main objectives and mission.  • Support main goals to help improve DIB partners' network defenses, reduce damage to critical programs, and increase DoD and DIB cyber situational awareness. Under the DIB CS Program, DoD and DIB participants share unclassified and classified cyber threat information in support of the warfighter.  • Action officer assigned to liaise with DIB program participants  • Internal to the office, I was responsible with engaging with partners for support and informational purposes, along with outreach events where our team would have face-to-face discussions during exhibitions to share more information about the benefits of the program.  • Internal to the office I was solely responsible for maintaining, updating and developing our SQL Access database. This included skills such as; SQL scripting, VBA development, backend maintenance (i.e., records, tables, queries, relationships, forms, reports, etc ).  • While in the program I was a part of small team responsible for designing their new eXo web portal. Skills involved include; HTML site building, basic configuration and testing, site architecture, content creation, content publishing, permission user groups / role assignment and administrator roles such as re-certification of existing test users and nominations of new users.  • Our team worked very closely with the DoD Cyber Crime Center as our main operational arm for partner support such as, malware analysis, forensics, analyst technical support and cyber threat awareness reports, and mitigation with remediation strategies.  • Facilitate installation calls with DIB partners and others as needed  • Support DIBNet development activities:  • Review technical solutions  • Support requirements generation & Monitor/track DIBNet requirements  • Support requirements development and prioritization of DIBNet enhancements  • Participate in acceptance testing  • Update program office database with DIBNet related actions  • Participate and/or lead weekly telecom with NSA, DC3, and L3  • Assist with DIB CS Program working group activities with oversight of sub-working group activities  • Participate in outreach activities: fielding DIBNet questions, brief meetings/working groups/orientation as needed, and serve as an outreach team member IT-QA Specialist ICE Records Management Team - Arlington, VA March 2015 to October 2015 • Develop test plans and test cases based on software requirements and technical specifications.  • Manually perform system testing from beginning to end of the software development lifecycle including acceptance, end-to-end, regression, integration, functional and non-functional testing.  • Review system requirements form a testing perspective. Recording and documenting test results.  • Work proactively with members of the software development team and QA team to find and fix defects in our software.  • Communicate confidence level in software to all project stakeholders during the testing phase.  • Perform accurate and detailed defect and/or change logging, reporting, tracking and maintenance.  • Formal Gimmal compliance suite training.  • Formal mid-level SharePoint web application and enterprise application management development training.  • Thorough hands on VM experience with MS Server / SharePoint / Gimmal products in developing a fully functional web application. Command Center Specialist I Capital One - Richmond, VA June 2014 to March 2015 • Facilitate the Event & Incident Resolution process from Capital One Technical Operations Center (TOC) support for incidents across the entire enterprise supported application infrastructure.  • Manage all facilitation requirements of running a High Severity Incident Bridge  • Initiating the incident bridge call  • Engaging appropriate manager, executive or technical resources.  • Maintaining focus of discussion, availability of resources and audio fidelity of the call.  • Updating the incident records with appropriate notes utilizing HPSM tool.  • Update critical incident to dashboard tool.  • Provide Service Center updates as required.  • Leveraging SharePoint, AlarmPoint for RallyCall and Exec Bridge notifications and bridge TOCnote documentation.  • Manage contingency plan execution approval and perform requests  • Manage approvals to implement urgent changes in Capital One application supported environments.  • Manage approvals to escalate incidents to High Severity status (3+)  • Maintain contact system of record for accuracy  • Build relationships with stakeholders and customers  • Monitors alert queues and dashboards for incidents  • Evaluates and assesses monitoring alerts and takes appropriate action  • Provides Level 1 resolution to technical alerts  • Prepare shift turn over  • Execute Start of Shift procedures  • Create and publishes change report and change calendar  • Ensure fidelity of the Technology Operation Center equipment  • Facilitate executive bridge calls under the guidance of the Sr. Incident Manager  • Receive information from Capital One's Application Service Providers (Verizon, TSYS, Wipro, and RSA) and work to assess what actions need to be taken to ensure incident resolution and future mitigation.  • Call vendors as requested by the Sr. Incident Manager  • Monitors alert queues and dashboards for incidents and is able to correlate monitoring events  • Evaluates and assesses monitoring alerts, makes some technical judgments, and takes appropriate action utilizing Ionix, Sitescope, HP-BSM and Alive network motoring software. Cyber Security Analyst Federal Reserve Bank - Richmond, VA June 2012 to March 2014 • Key member of team that actively and passively protected the FRB from cyber threats.  • Designed vulnerability management process to incorporate specified network security software and hardware within our team for efficient and effective network security support.  • Experience with datacenter configuration, manual active scans on systems in testing and production environments. Result has been more stability and effective processes for network security within department.    Management / Leadership  • Managed threat detection project to provide pertinent vulnerability information. Led a two person team to remediate and counter possible threats to the US Banking system.  • Creation of an enduring vulnerability management process program with work instruction that is effective and efficient in supporting network security for the Federal Reserve  • Proficient in Windows, Linux, and Unix OS based systems and have had experience installing and running several different types of network security software tools and applications.  • Understand and follow Treasury policies and processes. This position is required per contract of HP Enterprise Core Services to promote and support information security compliance in accordance with client security standards. I have monitored systems to help ensure that the client meets service level agreements with the Treasury and Federal Reserve policies as they relate to network security.  • Provide security support through service excellence. Performs analysis of solutions, reviews changes with the InfoSec team, planning and executing projects effectively. Review of logs, audit findings, implementing plans and executing to remediate security findings. The position required me to perform network scans and review the technical details of the results of scans to project managers and system experts. Technical experience with network security monitoring and intrusion detection HW/SW required. Education Bachelor of Arts in Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) - Richmond, VA August 2007 to December 2011 history local, state, and federal governmental agencies Skills Linux (1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (2 years), network security (1 year), Security (4 years), SharePoint (2 years) Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS  Subaru Owner  • Have rebuilt multiple EJ platform engines / disassembled, cleaned and reassembled rotating assembly. Replacing and upgrading maintenance / performance options on now 4 Subaru's owned. Enjoy the car community around them and am enthusiastic about tuning them.   Proficiency in Modern Standard Russian  • Five semesters of college level study with continuing independent study  Microsoft Office (Excel, Power Point, Word)  • Knowledge of how to organize and present information in a professional and clear manner  IT / Cyber Related Software / Hardware  • Knowledge and utilization of network security software: Nessus, McAfee Foundstone, L0phtcrack and AppScan.  • Large datacenter experience, hands-on experience in switch  • In-depth knowledge of Windows Server, XP, 7, 8.1, 10 and Linux OS GUI / file system structure, registry, open source or licensed software installations or configurations.  • Administrator / Web developer proficiency with SharePoint and eXo web platforms.  • Enjoy building gaming desktop computers, installing OS, drivers and all necessary software for a fully functional system capable of running the latest benchmarked games.