IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Springport, MI Information Security Analyst seeking new opportunities. Experienced in implementing and testing security measures to ensure computer networks and computer systems are secured. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group - Ann Arbor, MI November 2017 to Present Develop and implement the appropriate policies and procedures to ensure data security. Implement new and evaluate all security controls in order to protect company from unauthorized access, modifications, and destruction of data. Train users on internal policies and procedures and other duties as assigned. IT Help Desk Team Lead Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group - Ann Arbor, MI January 2017 to November 2017 Assist local and remote employees with any computer problems. Troubleshoot and identify problems based on description of end user. Manage team effectively and implement improvements. Create documentation to improve training and procedures. IT Help Desk Technician Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group - Ann Arbor, MI October 2015 to January 2017 Assist local and remote employees with any computer problems. Troubleshoot and identify problems based on description of end user. Assembly Associate at TAC Manufacturing Flexible Staffing - Jackson, MI August 2014 to October 2015 Assembly Associate at TAC Manufacturing Anchor Staffing - Jackson, MI April 2014 to August 2014 Quality Technician Melling Tool Company - Jackson, MI August 2012 to March 2014 Delivery driver Pizza Hut - Jackson, MI March 2011 to March 2012 Summer Help Jackson Printing Company - Jackson, MI June 2009 to August 2009 Collate, sort, and organize papers and flyers in a timely manner. Education Associate in Cyber Defense Baker College of Jackson - Jackson, MI September 2015 to May 2019 High School Diploma in Education Vandercook Lake High School - Jackson, MI 2010 Skills Active Directory (2 years), Networking (1 year), Linux (3 years), Windows (3 years), It Security (1 year), Information Security (1 year), Cyber Security (1 year), Tech Support, Desktop Support, Help Desk, SQL Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ May 2018 to May 2021 Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tgzii1mphu5osv8y Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Groups Cyber defense team, Baker College of Jackson September 2015 to May 2019 Compete in various cyber security events, with objectives of securing and maintaining security on various servers and networking equipment. Additional Information Technical Summary    • Experienced with Security monitoring   • Experienced with Security and compliance auditing   • Knowledgeable with Incident response   • Very experienced with Windows and Linux operating systems   • Basic understanding of MacOS   • Working knowledge with ELK stack   • Basic PowerShell/bash/python scripting   • Experienced with Threat analytics   • Experienced with vulnerability management   • Basic experience with network and web application penetration testing   • Knowledgeable with Nmap, burp suite, Metasploit, BeeF XSS Framework   • Working knowledge of Snort IDS   • Working knowledge of digital forensics