Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Experienced Security Analyst and Software Engineer Nashville, TN A hard working, intelligent, and passionate computer science graduate, Security Analyst, and US Army Signal Officer offering a unique combination of software development, leadership, project management, and ethical hacking. With past experiences that include Cyber Security, .Net (C#), HTML,CSS,SQL, and other coding/scripting languages. An excellent problem solver, team player, and quick learner eager to develop creative software solutions. Currently holds active Secret clearance issued by DOD. Please email me for more information or positions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst ALFA Insurance Company - Nashville, TN October 2015 to Present • Conducts penetration tests and red team assesments  •Conducts vulnerability scans  •Conducts analysis of network traffic , system logs, IDS/IPS alerts, and other alerts  • Created and executes the Malware Response Plan  • Created and integrates remote malware response and investigation tools  • Conducts Sandbox tests of malware  • Maintains security devices and applications including NIDS,HIDS,AV,Firewalls, SIEM, Log Collector, and many other tools  • Completes PCI compliance checks and audits  • Executes physical security audits  • Created multiple batch, Powershell, and bash scripts to do a variety of tasks  • Created remote malware analysis tool/integration  • Assists in verifying domain polices and server configurations/builds  • Conducts Wireless rouge Access point detection audits  • Coded several small applications (.Net/Python/SQL/C#)  • Assisted in planning and execution of network security and monitoring improvements  • Experience with Logstash, NxLog, Elasticsearch, Kibana, and other ELK stack products  • Linux/Windows Server Administration  • Experience with multiple different firewall vendors   • Improves network reporting, data collection, and analytic capabilities  • Administers, employs, and tests new antivirus polices and management capabilities for the network  • Manages client machines firewall policies  • Experience with Splunk  • Experience with developing custom security software solutions  • Experience with obfuscation, AV bypass, Firewall AETs, and other techniques   • Creates endpoint security policies and remote information gathering solutions  • Administers Hyper V security environment   • Experience with developing remote administration tools  • Works both independently and in a collaborative environment to acomplish projects and meet goals 1LT Signal Officer ( IT Staff Officer) US Army Reserves December 2013 to Present The signal officer leads the Signal Corps, which is responsible for the Army’s entire systems of communication. Signal officers plan and execute all aspects of communication on a mission.  Signal Officer Duties:  • Maintains the Army’s voice, data and information system  • Responsible for tactical planning of Signal Equipment ( IT, Power and Radio's)  • Coordinates the employment of Signal Soldiers at all levels of command (Manager)  • Employees Early Entry Command Post (EECP) ( IT part of a command center)  Section Duties:  • Platoon Leader of G/3 for over 187 soldiers  • Serving as officer in a management capacity in the commands Enterprise services section  • SharePoint Admin  • Planned data migration to DISA SharePoint cloud  • Built SharePoint sites for business processes for the command   • Trains personnel in my section on Kali Linux, VM ESXI, and other network applicances.  • Assisted with SharePoint migration planning and execution for the command and all subordinate units  • Trains and participates with team members in Red Team operations and ethical hacking training exercises  • Assisted with command SharePoint administration planning and execution  • Plans and conducts cyber operation trainings and exercises  •Conducts red team exercises and trainings  See less SOFTWARE DEVELOPER INTERN ROLE Schneider-Electric 2014 to 2015 Designed and developed Internet Facing Device Discovery (IFDD) which is a data driven, multi part C#.NET system  ? IFDD was composed of a client application (used for data retrieval from the database), a multi threaded decision making application (used to gather data and send it to the database), and a MySQL database (used to store the data and be used to access it with the client application)  ? Created and implemented the algorithm for the IFDD decision making application  ? Implemented the MySQL database to support IFDD data storage and provide support for decision making to executives and sales personnel  ? Entrusted to design and implemented the data modeling for the MySQL database  ? Prepared and gave presentations of IFDD to the company executives during intial development  ? Communicated with executives to gather and consolidate product requirements and feedback  ? Entrusted to maintain the source code on the Team Foundation Server (TFS).  ? Entrusted to conduct scrum meetings with the other interns in the team and organized timelines for tasking to meet project milestones  ? Entrusted to create and keep IFDD development timelines for each stage of development until first push to production  ? Entrusted to maintain IFDD by deploying monthly builds until the first push the product to production  ? Entrusted to organized the security analysis of the product along with timelines to complete improvements after the security analysis    CYBER SECURITY INTERN ROLE:  ? Conducted product development with Raspberry PI's and Observable Networks integration  ? Conducted work on a automated network sniffer based on Raspberry PI's with Kali Linux to be used in industrial applications  ? Assisted the Schneider Electric Partner Cyber Security Lab by conducting penetration tests, post exploit analysis, vulnerability analysis, spyware/malware analysis, and other networking activities Petty Officer Second Class US Navy 2006 to 2010 ? Created a Microsoft Access Database for the administration personnel and their career to reduce man hours by 50%  ? Received Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary medal Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN 2010 to 2014 Military Science Vanderbilt University - Nashville, TN 2010 to 2014 Skills .Net (3 years), Java (Less than 1 year), Phython (Less than 1 year), HTML (2 years), CSS (2 years), Javascript (1 year), PHP (1 year), JQuery (2 years), C# (4 years), SQL (1 year), Ethical Hacking (6 years), Linux (6 years), CobaltSTrike (6 years), Kali Linux (6 years), Powershell (4 years), Batch Scripting (4 years), Python Scripting (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jamesg11 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: O2E December 2014 to Present US Army Reserves.Drilling 1 Weekend a month 2 weeks a year. Certifications/Licenses Network + Comptia Security + Comptia Additional Information ? Completed front-end work on a web and mobile site for Mammy Tours located in Madagascar.  ? Conducted pen testing research with a group of students over the 2014 summer semester at Lipscomb University.  ? Designed and implemented a web service and inventory management system for Country Cobbler, located in Valdosta, GA  ? Held multiple training/tutor/study sessions with US Army personnel while at SBOLC to teach them how to conduct ethical hacking and study for the CompTIA Network + and Security + certifications, which lead to the classes 75% pass rate on their first attempt for that class.  ? While participating as the Windows Server team leader for Lipscomb University during the South East Colligate Cyber Defense Competition (SECCDC) the team placed 1st of all university's in Tennessee teams that participated in the regional qualification round. The team then went on to place 4th of 10 teams in the southeast region.  ? Participated on numerous coding competitions to solve various challenging programming problems in a group environment while in college.  ? Contribute various side projects and code snippets to the open source community through Github.