IT Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator IT System Administrator - Threshold Enterprises Bunker Hill, WV Experienced Information Technology Professional with outstanding customer service is seeking to contribute training and acquired skills within a System Administrator role or Information Technology Support. I possess knowledge of numerous software packages and operating systems. I work effectively independently or as a team member providing all facets of computer support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Systems Administrator Threshold Enterprises - Winchester, VA May 2017 to Present ·    Troubleshoot, investigate and analyze actual or potential complex problems in system operating system software, applications software interfacing, and/or IT equipment to isolate causes of malfunctions  ·     Evaluate reported problems, develops modifications and procedures to resolve the problems, and initiate corrective action.   ·     Security - ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools.   ·    Facilitate the gathering and preservation of security events to determine impact and implement corrective actions; and/or ensuring the rigorous application of information security/information assurance policies, principles, and practices in the delivery of all IT services  ·    Support and participating in network and systems security contingency plans and disaster recovery procedures to ensure appropriate systems security policies and data protection.   ·    Responsible for system installations, upgrades, problem analysis and resolution, database management, client copies, system refreshes, ERP instance configuration and performance tuning for a complex system landscape.  ·    Operating system environments include Windows based systems. Also this senior subject matter expert will provide performance tuning, problem analysis and system administration.  ·    Draws upon advanced system techniques to devise new ways of accomplishing work functions and to integrate functions with little or nothing in common except basic information used.   ·    Conduct vulnerability assessments of user system prior to user working off site. Ensure that systems, network, and data users are aware of, understand, and adhere to systems security policies and procedures to promote awareness of security issues among users and ensuring sound security principles are adhered to.  ·     Duties include, but are not limited to, Analyze and diagnose difficult & complex hardware, software, and systems problems reported by IT users in Threshold pertinent to a wide variety of software applications, operating systems and IT equipment.   ·    Monitor daily backups, antivirus status, shared storage space and network activity, adjusting network equipment and settings as needed.  ·    Windows Server administration and maintenance including Active Directory and Group Policy.  ·    Support and configure wireless connectivity, as well as MS Office Suite related issues.  ·    Implement hardware and software upgrades to several mission critical applications.  ·    Recommend, engineer and manage office systems, including centralized productivity and communication systems such as e-mail and centralized desktop environments.  ·    Rectify issues by instituting best practices in system log analysis, backups, network operating center security, user account/permissions management and systems/software auditing.  ·    Provide Support for VOIP system.  ·    Microsoft NAV support to warehouse user. Security Analyst ASM Research, an Accenture Federal Services Compan - Falling Waters, WV January 2015 to June 2017 ·    Responds to end user requests for Information Technology support for assigned contract Department of Veteran Affairs system or systems.  ·    Diagnoses and resolves problems in response to customer reported incidents.  ·     Assists users in resolving a wide range of issues including data input and maintenance, system access, system configuration and network access.   ·     Determines appropriate corrective action and provides resolution to customer.  ·    Ensures that inquiries and problems concerning computer hardware, software, and services are expeditiously resolved through the local Network Enterprise Center .  ·    Provides technical assistance to current and potential users to minimize disruptions of computer operations.   ·    Provides formal or informal training so that end-users understand the relationships of the system and are able to work with the system without undue interruption.  ·    Worked with PKI certificates dealing with PIV cards. Helped to configure soft certificates and PIV certs in Microsoft Exchange to enable PKI messaging.   ·     Provided support for GFE machines to ensure they were compliant for remote desktop support.   ·    Provided assistance with the troubleshooting and accessing of Cisco Any Connect and Citrix.   ·    Conduct studies, develops policies, and recommends enhancements to the current network architecture.  ·    Worked on the National Service Desk NetSec group as a top performer and outperformed my peers.   ·    Obtained Knowledge of Department Of Veteran Affair Systems and Practices Performed a variety of highly technical assignments relevant to the implementation of state-of-the-art information technology.  ·    Hands-on experience with Windows XP, Windows 7, Active Directory and Microsoft.  ·    Office Tier I network security services and support and provides network security and defense, analysis and problem resolution on the VA's national IT infrastructure.  ·    Provide one-on-one end-user First Call Resolution over the phone.  Diagnose and resolve end-user network or local printer problems, PC hardware problems, mainframe, e-mail, internet, dial-in, and local-area network access problems Installation Technician DISYS Solutions Inc - Martinsburg, WV January 2015 to May 2015 ·    Configure Par Excellence, Omnicell, and Catamaran software.  ·    Design and deliver custom training for clients on unique solution components.  ·    Assemble cabinets, shelves, and network connections for complex configuration.  ·    Install hardware and analyze hardware characteristics.  ·    Analyze and implement components in adherence with defined technical environment standards and protocols.  ·    Provide remote support via Cross loops.  ·    Contracting company for the Department of Veteran Affairs.   ·    Assembling Cabinets/Shelves/network connections  Install hardware and analyze hardware characteristics.  ·    Knowledge of IT concepts, customer service and customer support principles, and methods to participate in the planning and delivery of full range customer support services.  ·    Knowledge of IT in use and systems installed in customer organizations and the ability to install, configure, upgrade, analyze, and troubleshoot all hardware and software components.  ·    Analyze and implement components in adherence with defined technical environment standards and protocols.  ·    Keeps personal equipment operating by following operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns; maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs.  ·    Documents service and installation actions by completing forms, reports,   ·    logs, and records.  ·    Maintains customer confidence by keeping service information confidential.   Performs assignments in technical support aspects of substantive mission-oriented programs of IT Help Desk Technician Sutherland Global Group - Syracuse, NY January 2011 to March 2012 ·    Provide technical support for Macintosh and PC computers and devices.  ·    Perform diagnostics and troubleshoot system issues.  ·    Answer user inquiries regarding computer software, hardware or mobile operation to resolve problems.  ·    Provide customer's support via phones calls and emails.  ·    Troubleshoot issues guiding clients through (Remote Support) and documented all work performed in the Remedy tool (Ticket System).  ·    Install drivers for mobile device on Windows based computers and Macintosh.  ·    Install applications, upgrading the firmware of mobile devices.  ·    Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities.  ·    Contracting for Black Berry Technical Support, Duties require the ability to provide advice and assistance to customers; to troubleshoot complex problems; and to provide support in a manner that minimizes interruptions in customers' ability to carry out critical business activities Education Bachelor's in INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY University of Phoenix - Washington, DC March 2019 Associate in Information Technology University of Phoenix - Washington, DC April 2017 Skills System Administration (4 years), Vmware (2 years), Active Directory (5 years), Security (4 years), VOIP (2 years), Citrix (2 years), VPN (4 years), Administrative Support (4 years), Customer Service Skills (8 years), Servers (4 years), System Admin, System Administrator Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jerome-nugent-0561b2109/ Additional Information Education   Bachelors in Information Technology and Cyber Security  University of Phoenix, Washington, DC March 2019    FUNDAMENTALS OF SSCP  INTRO TO INFORMATION ASSURANCE & SECURITY  ENTERPRISE SECURITY  CYBER SECURITY  INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY  PROJECT PLANNING AND IMPLEMENTATION  INFORMATION SYSTEMS RISK MANAGEMENT  DATABASE CONCEPTS  FUNDAMENTALS OF NETWORKING  FUNDAMENTALS OF BUSINESS SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT  INTRO TO INFORMATION ASSURANCE & SECURITY  JAVA PROGRAMMING I  APPLICATION IMPLEMENTATION  MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS  DATABASE MANAGEMENT  ALGORITHMS AND LOGIC FOR COMPUTER PROGRAMMING    Associates in Information Technology  University of Phoenix, Washington, DC April 2017    UNIVERSITY STUDIES FOR SUCCESS  UNIVERSITY WRITING ESSENTIALS  INFORMATION SYSTEMS FUNDAMENTALS  CRITICAL THINKING IN EVERYDAY LIFE  IS SECURITY CONCEPTS  INTRODUCTION TO COLLEGE ALGEBRA  COLLEGE ALGEBRA  COLLEGE COMPOSITION I  INTRODUCTION TO WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT  FOUNDATIONS IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  INTRODUCTION TO THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM  DATABASE CONCEPTS USING MICROSOFT ACCESS  WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT  TEAMWORK, COLLABORATION, AND CONFLICT RESOLUTION  WIRELESS NETWORKING CONCEPTS  WINDOWS SERVER CONFIGURATIONS  FUNDAMENTALS OF SSCP  FUNDAMENTALS OF CYBER SECURITY AND CRYPTOGRAPHY   