Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Manager Senior IT Project Manager - Disney Corporation Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Disney Corporation July 2018 to Present * Driving project compliance initiatives within Disney Cruise Line Technology Group for major deliverables within ITIL/ITSM, SOX, PCI EU GDPR, Data Protection and related Identity and Access Management Enterprise projects.  * Consulting IT compliance through security assessments, technical resource management and other related technology security deliverables.  * Delivering strategic consultation for technology compliance deliverables within over 100 applications and databases within Cloud security data protection verticals and other risk areas.  * Developing ITGC control framework, control library, assessment procedures and other related risk management tools and processes for delivery execution within onshore and offshore audit resources. Senior IT Security Compliance Analyst Darden Corporation January 2018 to July 2018 * Ensuring adequate and effective IT controls (ITGC) exist to meet current and future security compliance requirements to comply with SOX, PCI, IAM, Data Protection Information Security Standards, State and Federal Privacy law.  * Performed security audits within IAM (AD) environments, IT Security and Cloud.  * Designed key IT controls and policies within Darden corporate and business units to ensure operational effectiveness within Infrastructure Security protection.  * Ensured technology, processes, and governance were in place to monitor, detect, prevent, and react to both current and emerging technology and security threats.  * Served as a subject matter expert and solution architect for identity management compliant solutions, developing access management workflows.  * Performed risk assessment of 1st/2nd line BU controls, (Enterprise, IAM, DBase, Data Center verticals) control performers.  * Served as a subject matter expert and solution architect for identity management solutions, developing access management workflows and multi-factor password authentication verticals.  * Liaised with Internal Audit, Legal and external audit as required.  * Guided partners on a broad range of specific Technology Controls and Information Security programs, policies, standards and incidents.  * Lead remediation projects as the technical consultant on information security incident investigations and forensic technical reviews.  * Working closely with InfoSec and other service owners responsible for establishing governance and orchestration related to access management providing process improvements of internal procedures.  * Performing root-cause analysis of complex issues ranging from information security platforms engaging infrastructure teams and business users to creating long-term solutions.  * Supporting the communication and actions supporting the Data Privacy Task Force.  * Served as an active member incident response team in security incident response for breach or cyber-attacks within common security exploits, vulnerabilities and countermeasures.  * Liaised with Third Party MSSP's for any exploits, reporting and incident management responses. Senior IT PM Promontory Group September 2017 to January 2018 * Leading technology projects into enterprise SDLC development.  * Managing regulatory risk assessment and audits within client compliance engagements within infrastructure control gaps and remediation.  * Establishing Enterprise-Wide Information IT security policies (ITGC, Cloud, PCI, HIPPA, SOX), procedures & standards within client organizations.  * Lead compliance related projects, as assigned, performing all aspects of project management.  * Supported cross-organizational IT/Business functions in technical areas for a variety of large, strategic efforts by applying COBIT 5 security framework and technical environment.  * Developed, initiated, maintained, and revised policies, standards, procedures, work instructions, and guidelines for the general operation of Data Protection & Privacy Program and its related activities.  * Defined and implement data classification models for clients.  * Defined and implement sanitization, disposal, purge procedures for company's software applications.  * Investigated and implement technologies that protected data in transit and at rest within and outside of the corporate boundaries (i.e. IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS).  * Assisted large scale implementation and remediation efforts with consultation on how to implement security controls that will aid in the protection and privacy of data.  * Developed, delivered and maintained an ongoing Information Security & Privacy Awareness program.  * Supported the analysis of root causes on information security risk events and, where deemed relevant, provided benchmarking analyses on events that occurred in the industry. Senior PCI Consultant Chemical Bank January 2017 to September 2017 * Conducted bank wide governance risk assessments to identify data at risk and provided strategic consulting implementing technologies and processes to aid in data protection & privacy.  * Performed Administrate Level 1 merchant PCI DSS 3.2 assessments.  * Performed gap analysis for PCI DSS 2.0 to 3.1.  * Conducted and provided content for Security Awareness Training.  * Collected and review PCI artifacts.  * Coordinated work with Qualified Security Assessor and Bank Merchant Services.  * PCI DSS 3.1 and P2PE resident expert.  * Coordinate SOX work with Internal/External Auditors. Sr. Program Manager State Farm Bank April 2016 to January 2017 * Driving functional requirements and gathering of business rules from stakeholders, data mapping, and product integrations in supporting UI application for enhancing future state development projects.  * Reviewed business cases (charter, scope of work) and change management initiatives to ensure regulatory compliance within process or product development of banking products.  * Developing security and legal requirements within the SDLC and ensuring requirements were met within development sprints through showcases.  * Document ongoing tracking and completion of activities against end to end processes being performed.  * Created user stories and participated in daily standups through project iterations to ensure requirements were included within application design.  * Tested key controls within auto/card/deposit/mortgage/ customer banking product development projects.  * Performed testing to ensure regulatory requirements were baked into the application and documented results of adverse findings.  * Reviewed and validate deliverables from development team and quality assurance resources against requirements and provided feedback.  * Provided reporting to all stakeholders and impacted business lines identifying regulatory compliance violations within product development.  * Partnered with other control groups such as Bank and Enterprise Legal, Risk Management, and Audit to ensure regulatory coverage within consumer banking products and services.  * Partnered with Project Management, Product Development teams, Process Owners to drive applicable compliance coverage within development integrations. Sr. Program Manager RSM US LLP June 2014 to March 2016 * Provided internal security consulting for product development and IT operations projects across client organization.  * Evaluated technical and operational threats to the rights of customer users, review control implementation evidence, analyzing the effectiveness of safeguards, identified gaps and quantify risks.  * Analyzed vulnerability assessments to verify the strengths and weaknesses of a variety of operating systems, network devices, web applications, and security architectures utilizing commercial and open source security testing tools.  * Assisted with the development and delivery of remediation recommendations for identified findings.  * Assisted clients in improving the capabilities and maturity of their monitoring program by identifying appropriate technologies, policies, organizational structures, and relations with third parties.  * Investigated, documented, performed risk assessments and gathered information on data security requirements and recommendations. Senior IT Consultant Solomon Edwards Inc February 2013 to April 2014 * Lead examiner within audit engagements conducting various regulatory security and compliance audit and risk assessments.  * Performed detailed security event analysis, threat detection and vulnerability assessments within clients SIEM.  * Performing risk assessments within client enterprise and business lines ITGC.  * Executed remediation of non-compliant situations through process/controls findings and defects.  * Prepared metrics and reporting of audit findings and mitigation strategy recommendations for management and leadership review. Cyber Risk Managing Consultant PSC Consulting September 2009 to January 2013 * Leading regulatory assessments (ISO 27001, NIST 800-53) within various industries- Financial Services, Health Care, Retail and SDLC projects.  * Performing Project Management within Infrastructure Modernization and IT security development engagements.  * Provided ITGC consultation within client enterprise developing key policies/standards and processes to meet operational and regulatory requirements.  * Performed Sarbanes-Oxley 404 internal testing.  * ROC compliance coordinator for PCI, Safe Harbor and PII certification. Education NIST 2013 to 2018 New Horizons School of Technology Six Sigma Black Belt 2014 Project Management Professional New Horizons School 2014 Computer Science University of Alaska Anchorage - Anchorage, AK 1987 to 1990