IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Vinds Inc/DOJ Lanham, MD Skilled Information Security Analyst, knowledgeable in risk management framework (RMF), systems development life cycle (SDLC), security life cycle, and vulnerabilities management using FISMA, and applicable NIST standards. Organized, Solutions-focused, deadline-focused, team oriented, work well independently, or in team providing all facets of computer supports with in-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. Specialized in providing IT security expertise and guidance in support of security assessments and continues monitoring for government and commercial clients.  Functional areas of expertise include:  • Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  • Certification and Accreditation (C&A)  • IT Security Compliance  • Vulnerability Assessment    • Information Assurance  • Systems Risk Assessment  • Systems Development Life Cycle  • Technical Writing Work Experience IT Security Analyst Vinds Inc - Laurel, MD November 2014 to Present - Maintained, reviewed, and updated Information Security System documentations, includes but not limited to System Security Plan (SSP), and Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M).  - Conducted IT controls risk assessment to identify system threats, vulnerabilities and risk, and generate reports.  - Developed and conducted Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) according to NIST SP 800-53A.  - Conducted security control assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operational, and technical security controls implemented.  - Developed Security Assessment Report (SAR) detailing the results of the security control assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M) to the Designated Approving Authorization Official (AO) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).  - Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring strategy to help in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions.  - Assisted in the development of Information system categorization using appropriate standards and NIST guidance.  - Developed and updated system security plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal information systems security requirements and implementation of security controls.  - Performed Assessment and Authorization in compliance with FISMA/NIST Standards.  - Conducted kick-off meetings with clients and teams to gather evidence, developed test plans, testing procedures and documented test results. IT Security Analyst Koggi Oil & Gas Inc - Accra, GH November 2010 to August 2013 Ghana  - Hand selected employees from Information Technology department to build Risk Assessment Team charged with analysing all critical systems, developing reports to document system vulnerabilities, and recommending appropriate solutions.  - Created company policies and procedures governing corporate security, email and Internet usage, access control, and incident response.  - Maintained computerized accounting system using pastel evolution software for all financial transactions.  - Researched the latest information technology ( IT) security trends.  - Developed security standards and best practices for the organization.  - Recommended security enhancements to management or senior IT staff.  - Helped computer users when they need to install or learn about new security products and procedures. Education Associate in lnformation Technology Ghana Telecom University College - Accra, GH March 2008 to June 2010 Bachelor's in Accounting Colorado State University-Global Campus March 2017 Higher National Diploma in Accounting option Accra Polytechnic - Accra, GH Diploma in Business Studies in Accounting Option Accra Polytechnic - Accra, GH Skills IT Security (5 years), Active Directory (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), pastel (5 years), testing, security, Microsoft Office, training, HTML, Cisco, access, Sharepoint, SQL Certifications/Licenses CAP AND CISSP ALL IN PROGRESS Additional Information Technical Skills  Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Accounting Tally, QuickBooks, Pastel Evolution, Microsoft Windows, Linux, VMware, CSAM, Tripwire, Remedy, Splunk, Active Directory, ServiceNow, and Trend Micro.