Functional Analyst Team Lead Functional <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Team Lead Technical Lead Systems Analyst - DMI Gerrardstown, WV Work Experience Functional Analyst Team Lead Synergy BIS - Kearneysville, WV December 2018 to Present Technical Lead Systems Analyst DMI - Kearneysville, WV August 2017 to Present Use BMC Remedy ticketing system to log, track, and manage Incidents and Service Requests to ensure customer problems/requests are resolved to customer satisfaction. Employ experience and training to troubleshoot application and network issues via email and telephone across 30+ business systems, being personally responsible for two Mission Essential Systems (MES) and two CFO Systems. Work as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Tier IV Customer Support for SharePoint systems, employing basic troubleshooting skills with SharePoint Designer and InfoPath. Work with team members to ensure timely restoration of services, minimizing the impact of outages on business systems. Create and modify BMC Remedy Analytics reports to be delivered and presented to the Federal Government for performance reporting in a timely manner. Create and maintain system dashboards in Team Foundation Server (TFS) that facilitate Government reporting. Create Product Backlog Items (PBIs) in TFS and ensure high priority issues/requests are escalated appropriately. Regularly attend Agile Ceremonies to facilitate the skills of the Tier IV team. Make low/medium level database modifications in a Production environment using Oracle SQL Environment and Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. Prepare reporting and coordinate with the appropriate technical staff to ensure work tasking is updated for several high visibility security audits such as the Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI). Manage a dynamic knowledgebase to facilitate triaging and troubleshooting for current and future customer issues/inquiries. Work as a backup to the Tier IV Delivery Manager as a liaison with cross contacts. Prioritize, plan, and schedule tickets and technical IT tasks/activities to align with Command project objections. Coordinate IT decisions with the Tier IV Delivery Manager to improve department efficiency. Train other Tier IV members on newly implemented processes, workarounds, and answer any technical related questions. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Brittany Farmer, Supervisor's Phone: (304) 264-3835) Security Operations Intern DMI - Kearneysville, WV May 2017 to August 2017 Detect, prioritize, and manage United States Coast Guard (USCG) Operations Systems Center (OSC) security incidents by developing reports, dashboard views, watchlists, and alarms within McAfee ESM. Assist in creating and editing scripts for CSV and XML files using Windows PowerShell. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Daniel Vogel, Supervisor's Phone: (304) 264-3835) IT Security Engineer Intern Sevatec - Fairmont, WV January 2017 to May 2017 Assist in administering and troubleshooting network and application related issues for security applications such as McAfee Web Gateway, FireEye IDS and endpoint  monitoring, Tenable SecurityCenter and Tenable Nessus as a part of the Enterprise Security Services (ESS) team for the DOC bureau NOAA. Assist in coordinating with system administrators to patch vulnerabilities found by Nessus and troubleshoot potential false positive cases. Assist in applying firmware and content updates. Assist in the use of tools such as SSH, SCP, TWiki, PuTTY, Bash, and Python. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Samuel Littlefield, Supervisor's Phone (304) 367- 2887) IT Security Analyst Intern Sevatec - Fairmont, WV September 2016 to December 2016 Assist in detecting DOC and NOAA security incidents and reporting incident  information to Incident Response. Participate in research, classification, analysis, and documentation of security events. 24x7x365 monitoring of DOC and NOAA Security Operations Center (SOC) using ArcSight, FireEye Threat Intelligence, network sniffer tools, security logs, etc. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Daniel Bolinger, Supervisor's Phone (304) 367-2861) IT Summer Intern City of Hagerstown, MD May 2016 to August 2016 Monitor software and hardware help desk support requests. Provide end user support in various levels of technical/non-technical staff. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Tim McCarty, Supervisor's Phone (301) 797-6006) Teaching Practicum West Virginia University - Morgantown, WV January 2015 to May 2015 Assist students with questions in an Open Lab environment about Microsoft Office  products by demonstrating how to use spreadsheet (Excel), database (Access), word processing (Word), and presentation (PowerPoint) applications to display data, conduct analysis, and explore what-if scenarios. Assist in conducting exam review sessions. Assist students with Mac VM workshop issues. (Contact Supervisor: Yes, Supervisor's Name: Brian Powell, Supervisor's Phone (304) 288-1549) Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems West Virginia University - Morgantown, WV August 2014 to December 2017 Skills Microsoft Office (5 years), Customer Service (6 years), Remedy (2 years), Sharepoint (1 year), SQL (3 years), Security (1 year), C# (2 years), HTML (2 years), TFS (2 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ October 2017 to October 2020 Additional Information Active Secret Clearance