Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - Sterling Talent Solutions Marietta, GA Work Experience Security Analyst Sterling Talent Solutions - Marietta, GA November 2015 to Present • Evaluate, Revamp and Manage Corporate IT Security Policies & Procedures to ensure Standards and Compliance are being met  • Assess and select new Security applications  • Security Risk Management & Training  ? Conduct Quarterly Security Awareness Training  ? Track and remediate vulnerabilities identified in penetration tests  ? Manage quarterly audits for domain and database administrator access  • Responsible for Web Application Scans for multiple platforms using Acunetix  • Vulnerability Management  ? Deployment of Nessus Security Center  ? Deployment of AlienVault Vulnerability Management solution  • Incident Response  ? Address and remediate alerts observed from our IDS solution  ? Identify and initiate processes for account compromise and data loss/theft  • Investigate Forcepoint, Data Loss Prevention Violations  • Investigate alerts from the MSSP, NTT Security and our Intrusion Prevention System, Cisco FirePower  • Contribute to monthly metrics on corporate security posture  • ISO27001 and PCI-DSS Audits  ? Compiled information of technical requests IT Security Analyst WestRock - Norcross, GA March 2013 to November 2015 Norcross, GA (Mar 2013 to Nov 2015)  WestRock is s a leading manufacturer of paper and packaging solutions with more than 300 operating locations across North America.    IT Security Analyst  • Incident Response  ? Investigated FireEye and Verizon's MSSP alerts  • Vulnerability Management with Nessus Security Center  ? Performed vulnerability scans on systems to validate the systems are clear of exploitable vulnerabilities before the system is allowed to go into production  ? Assisted server admins with understanding the vulnerabilities and how to mitigate  • Responsible for full Implementation RSA's SecurID as a two factor solution  ? Developed and provided training classes for support teams  ? Developed processes for the provisioning and delivery of the SecurID tokens to 6,000 employees Education Bachelors of Science in Information Security & Assurance Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA January 2009 to December 2012