IT Security Analyst III <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> III IT Security Analyst III - NOAA/ National Weather Service Bowie, MD Over 5 years of experience in Information Technology services supporting security initiatives for government and commercial customers.  Work experience encompasses threat analysis, incident response, network surveillance, Data mining, Risk Management Framework (RMF), National Institute of Technology (NIST), System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Information security documents, developing and promulgating Security Assessment Plans (SAP) and Security Assessment Reports (SARs). Work Experience IT Security Analyst III NOAA/ National Weather Service - Silver Spring, MD April 2017 to Present • Perform technical analysis and review of cyber security artifacts (SSP, PIA, PTA, CP, ASA, MOU, etc.) and security documentation for the security assessment and authorization (SA&A) process.  • Analyze and advise on the risk and remediation of security issues based on reports from vulnerability assessment scanners, patch management tools, and emerging threat information.  • Initiate, coordinate and track the patching and remediation of security weaknesses as they are discovered, via a "Plan of Actions and Milestones" (POAM).  • Design and Conduct walkthroughs, formulate test plans, test results and develop remediation plans for each area of the testing. IT Security Analyst Global Solution Network - Rockville, MD February 2015 to April 2017 Conduct IT risk assessment to identify system threats, vulnerabilities and risk, and generate reports.  Maintain, review and update information security system documentations, including System Security Plan (SSP), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), Risk Assessment (RA), policies and procedures, security control baselines in accordance with NIST guideline and security practices.  ? Apply appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53, FIPS 199, FIPS 200, and NIST SP 800-53A R4  Assess security controls and develop security assessment report (SAR)  Support A&A activities (Categorize, Selection, Implement, Assessment, Authorize, Monitor) according to the A&A project plan.  ? Review authorization documentation for completeness and accuracy for compliance.  ? Facilitate Security Control Assessment (SCA) and monitor activities.  ? Executed examine, interview, and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A Revision 4.  ? Ensure cyber security policies are adhered to and that required controls are implemented.  ? Validated information system security plans to ensure NIST control requirements are met.  ? Assist team members with proper artifact collection and detail to client's examples of artifacts that will satisfy assessment requirements.  ? Review security logs to ensure compliance with policies and procedures and identifies potential anomalies.  ? Update and review A&A Packages to include Core Docs, Policy & Procedures, Operations and .Maintenance Artifacts, SSP, SAR, FIPS 200, FIPS 199, and POA&M.  ? Collect Operation and Maintenance artifacts on an ongoing basis so that Security Control Assessment (SCA) is seamless.  ? Upload supporting documentations into the System's Artifact Libraries, Google Docs, and CSAM.  ? Manage vulnerabilities with the aid of Nessus vulnerability Scanners to detect potential risks on a single or multiple assets across the enterprise network. Information Security Analyst Global Solutions Network - Rockville, MD October 2012 to February 2015 • Ensure proper system categorization using NIST 800-60 and FIPS 199; implement appropriate security controls for information system based on NIST 800-53 rev 4 and FIPS 200.  • Conduct security assessment interviews to determine the Security posture of the System and to  Develop a Security Assessment Report (SAR) in the completion of the Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) questionnaire using NIST SP 800-53A required to maintain Company Authorization To Operate (ATO), the Risk Assessment, System Security Plans, and System Categorization.  • Reviewing, maintaining, and ensuring all assessment and authorization (A&A) documentation is included in the system security package.  • Perform information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security processes. Assessed threats, risks, and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues and also identified mitigation requirements.  • Work with system owners to develop, test, and train on contingency plans and incident response plans.  • Tests, assess, and document security control effectiveness. Collect evidence, interview personnel, and examine records to evaluate effectiveness of controls.  • Review and update remediation on plan of action and milestones (POA&Ms), in organization's cyber security assessment and management (CSAM) system. Work with system administrators to resolve POA&Ms, gathering artifacts and creating mitigation memos, residual risk memos and corrective action plans to assist in the closure of the POA&M.    Computer & Software Proficiencies    ? Microsoft Office Suite  ? Adobe  ? Qualified Typist (70wpm)  ? Nessus Vulnerability Scanner  ? MS Project  ? Accellion/WatchDox secure file solution  ? Caliber Requirements Tool  ? Doors Requirement Management Tool  ? HP Quality Center  ? CSAM  ? Tenable Security Center Education Bachelor in Science Bowie State University - Bowie, MD 2007 to 2012 Skills testing, access, security, HTML, Active Directory