primary contact primary contact primary contact - Robert Half Technology Forestville, MD Accomplished computer analyst with a rapidly increasing range of industry experience looking to  bring strong instincts and a proven record of procedural compliance, process management and strong  operational skills to a rapidly growing company.    Core Qualifications  Currently active security clearance Network configuration and support  Systems design Storage management  Data connectivity Disaster recovery environments  VoIP knowledge  Wireless security specialist  Self-starter  New technology and product research  Customer service specialist Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience primary contact Robert Half Technology - Washington, DC September 2015 to Present Washington DC, DC  Analyzed software, hardware and network systems for various transmission systems.  Maintained company servers, computers, printers, cables and other equipment.  Acted as primary contact for computer hardware and software problems, as well as network  emergencies.  Identified, reported and resolved network security violations.  Analyzed complex computer systems to assess vulnerability and risk.  Responded to all client requests for technical support by phone, email and the inter-office  chat service.  Developed a set of company-wide information assurance and security standards and procedures.  Ran cables from existing patch panels to new patch panels to secure the router and switches in the proper location.  Diagnosed network problems involving a combination of hardware, software, power and communications issues.  Provided technical support Level 1 and 2 issues on Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7  Maintained detailed records within ticketing system.  Monitored and responded quickly and effectively to requests received through the information  technology help desk ticketing system, email or inbound phone calls IT Security Analyst and Support Phenom Protection - Washington, DC November 2013 to June 2014 Served as the information security technical personal to management officials in the planning,  development, and the implementation and evaluation of policies.  Developed and implements IT security program to ensure that systems, networks and user  communities are aware and adhere to systems information security technology policies,  procedures and standards.  Provided expert technical advice and guidance regarding IT security issues.  Conducted audits for IT programs to determine economy, efficiency, and effectiveness.  Communicated with superior skills (verbal and written) and identified, track and resolves issues throughout their lifecycles.  Reviewed security incidents, determine their severity, and author reports to clients detailing the activities.  Challenged to identify new and innovative ways of finding venerability on client networks  using Snort or Wireshark.  Assisted and performs administration of all network security, including file security, network  monitoring, firewalls, VPN, wireless network.  Maintained confidentiality with regard to the information being processed, stored or accessed by the network.  Gave secondary support for desktop hardware and software and network connectivity issues.  Researched new trends and technologies leading to testing and justification for deployment. IT Support Lead Embassy of Nigeria - Washington, DC October 2012 to November 2013 New York, and Los Angeles consulate, recorded  necessary revisions and proposed fast track solution methods.  Reviewed and analyzed numerous data reports for the embassy.  Provided phone and help-desk support for users and staffs investigated causes and recommended solutions.  Assisted staff with the installation, configuration and ongoing usability of desktop computers,  peripheral equipment, software, network and telephone equipments.  Proposed designed of system for enterprise solution to the permanent secretary of Nigeria.  Managed security clearance system for integration at all embassies of Nigeria across the United  States.  Reported to the Senior Special Adviser to the Minister of Foreign Affairs for all processes. Director of IT, Student Government American University of Nigeria October 2009 to November 2011 Nigeria  Information Technology Student Government Association, Yola  Developed students' policies on the use of IT equipments and facilities.  Served as advisor on university president communication council.  Worked directly with Director of Information Technology on strategic project planning,  execution and delivery and relay update to students 'council.  Directly involved in numerous IT projects which were on going, and providing inputs based on students' welfare.  Office of Honorable Minister  IT Support  Nigeria  Completed setup and installation of 150 computers and printers at the computer training  laboratory.  Led a team installing software and anti-virus in all computers at the lab.  Modified computer configurations, utilities, software default settings Handled TCP/IP routing  protocol.  Was responsible in registering trainees at the laboratory.  Was in charge of daily update, maintenance, and troubleshooting of all systems.  Observed Very Small Aperture Terminals (VSAT) and wireless network installation.  Documented and escalated of technical issues to other internal IT groups.  Provided desk side and phone based Tier I & II Help Desk support and resolve technology  problems to the end users satisfaction.  Worked with vendor support contacts to resolve technical problems with desktop computing  equipment, printers and software.  Detailed documentation of internal IT procedures and processes. Education Information Systems American University Nigeria 2011 Skills Microsoft Office Suite (7 years), Computer Skills (5 years), Interpersonal Skills (6 years), SQL (4 years), Software Development (3 years) Military Service Branch: Airforce Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 May 2014 to Present