IT Security Analyst/ Assessor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/ Assessor Montréal, QC Has over 4years of Information Technology ( IT) Security Analyst experience supporting Federal Agency.  - Experienced in the cyber security disciplines of Continuous Monitoring, Incident Response, and Security Engineering.  - Strong working knowledge of a full range of IT security principles, concepts, practices, products, services, and methods for evaluating information system risk and vulnerabilities.  - prevent, detect, analyze, and respond to security incidents, has operated and analyzed continuous monitoring tools (e.g., Nessus, Csam)    • CERTITICATIONS  • CompTIA Security+ in progress Work Experience IT Security Analyst/ Assessor FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION FDA - Bethesda, MD April 2013 to Present • Conducted Certification and Accreditation (C&A) on major applications following the Risk Management Framework (RMF) from Categorization through Continuous Monitoring using the various NIST Special Publications in order to meet Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) requirements.   • Developed SSPs, SARs, and POA&Ms which were presented to the Designated Approving Authorities (DAAs) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).   • Conducted security assessments on major applications, updated POA&Ms with findings, and monitored for remediation deadlines.   • Provided weekly status reports on ongoing tasks and deliverables.   • Performed risk assessments to identify the risk level associated with findings.   • Reviewed artifacts regarding POA&Ms created by ISSO before closing.   • Assisted in updates of IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.   • Helped with updating IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department and federal requirements.   • Performed cloud and non-cloud system assessments.   • Supported cyber security analysis by conducting Vulnerability Management, Security Engineering, Certification and Accreditation, and Computer Network Defense.   • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements.   • Conducted annual assessments based on NIST SP 800-53A.   • Documented findings within RTMs and SARs.   • Reviewed and analyzed Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scan results for remediation.     • Monitored security tools and correlated reporting and other appropriate information sources to identify incidents, issues, threats, and vulnerabilities.   • Provided daily anomaly and alert reporting from all reviewed tools and sensors.   • Provided risk analysis for vulnerabilities and incidents indicating any special issues the vulnerability or incident may present to organizational systems and resources.   • Provided Security and Privacy expertise to assist with research and response to security and privacy incidents. Education SSP in ST&E, SAR, Plans of Action and Milestones NIST Skills Security, access