IT Security Analyst/ Assessor <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/ Assessor IT Security Analyst/ Assessor - FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION FDA Hyattsville, MD Has over 4 years of Information Technology ( IT) Security Analyst experience supporting Federal Agency.  - Has a Master's of Arts Forensic Psychology; Concentration Homeland Security (Argosy University.  - Bachelors of Arts Psychology (University of MD, Baltimore County,  - Bachelors of Arts Sociology (University of MD, Baltimore County,  - Experienced in the cyber security disciplines of Continuous Monitoring, Incident Response, and Security Engineering.  - Strong working knowledge of a full range of IT security principles, concepts, practices, products, services, and methods for evaluating information system risk and vulnerabilities.  - prevent, detect, analyze, and respond to security incidents, has operated and analyzed continuous monitoring tools (e.g., Nessus, Csam) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst/ Assessor FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION FDA - Bethesda, MD April 2014 to Present • Conducted Certification and Accreditation (C&A) on major applications following the Risk Management Framework (RMF) from Categorization through Continuous Monitoring using the various NIST Special Publications in order to meet Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) requirements.  • Developed SSPs, SARs, and POA&Ms which were presented to the Designated Approving Authorities (DAAs) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).  • Conducted security assessments on major applications, updated POA&Ms with findings, and monitored for remediation deadlines.  • Provided weekly status reports on ongoing tasks and deliverables.  • Performed risk assessments to identify the risk level associated with findings.  • Reviewed artifacts regarding POA&Ms created by ISSO before closing.  • Assisted in updates of IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.  • Helped with updating IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department and federal requirements.  • Performed cloud and non-cloud system assessments.  • Supported cyber security analysis by conducting Vulnerability Management, Security Engineering, Certification and Accreditation, and Computer Network Defense.  • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements.  • Conducted annual assessments based on NIST SP 800-53A.  • Documented findings within RTMs and SARs.  • Reviewed and analyzed Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scan results for remediation.  • Monitored security tools and correlated reporting and other appropriate information sources to identify incidents, issues, threats, and vulnerabilities.  • Provided daily anomaly and alert reporting from all reviewed tools and sensors.  • Provided risk analysis for vulnerabilities and incidents indicating any special issues the vulnerability or incident may present to organizational systems and resources.  • Provided Security and Privacy expertise to assist with research and response to security and privacy incidents. Education Masters of Arts in Homeland Security Argosy University Bachelors of Arts in Sociology University of MD Skills SPLUNK, NESSUS, NIST, SHAREPOINT, LINUX, RED HAT, R2, MS OFFICE, RISK MANAGEMENT, SCANNING, WINDOWS 7, WINDOWS SERVER 2012, WINDOWS SERVER 2012 R2, SAR, Security, testing Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS OVERVIEW  • Platforms:  ? Windows 7/8/8.1/10, Windows Server 2012 R2, Linux /Red Hat/, FIPS 199, FIPS 200, NIST 800-53 Rev4, NIST 800-30, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-39, SSP, ST&E, SAR, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization to Operate (ATO) Letter, MS Office, SharePoint, Nessus Vulnerability Scanning Tool, Splunk, Scan Analysis, Risk Management Framework (RMF), CSAM.