IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Houston, TX To seek a management skill, implementing my Strong IT skills to developing security systems, analyzing current systems for vulnerabilities, and handling any and all cyber-attacks in an efficient and effective manner.    Cyber Security Intern,  Houston Tx,  June 2018    ? Identify vulnerabilities within commercial cloud offerings and recommend solutions  ? Leverage commercially available tools to actively exploit local virtualization instances  ? Experiment with tools to identify attacks, mitigate vulnerabilities, and/or take protective action  ? Hands-on architecting and prototyping of virtualization environments  ? Working towards a degree within computer science, electrical engineering, systems engineering, information assurance or related field  ? Coursework in virtualization, information assurance and cyber security preferred  ? Coursework in virtualization  ? Ability to write and present technical material  ? Basic understanding of networking, storage and compute capabilities  ? Scripting/programming knowledge  ? Basic knowledge of virtualization environments  ? Basic knowledge of cyber security principles and tools  Application Security Intern  02/2018  ? Perform security testing and manage remediation of identified vulnerabilities  ? Support customers with providing sound security soltions  ? Knowledge of application security vulnerabilities, testing techniques, and the OWASP framework are a plus  ? Perform code reviews of custom applications to identify errors or software weaknesses  ? Learn and assist in the implementation of the Application Security program    FIRST BANK OF NIGERIA, PLC  May 2001- June 2002  MARINA, LAGOS Work Experience IT Security Analyst DIGITRANS GLOBAL SYSTEMS LIMITED June 2002 to 2010 E-BUSINESS  June 2002 to 2010    ? Monitoring Customer services.  ? Developing market strategies  ? Provide administrative support to team  ? Perform data-entry, documentation, printing and filling duties  ? Manage and distribute documents  ? Compile and prepare reports on monthly basis  ? Ensure vessel's filing system is maintained.  ? Disseminating new directives/information to vessels  ? Any other ad-hoc duties as assigned    Skills  ? Strong bilingual skills, solid Chinese and English writing skills  ? Good attention to detail and accuracy  ? Strong  ? Excellent organizational and communication skills  ? The ability to work under pressure and to deadlines  ? Knowledge of MS Outlook is ideal    ? The ability to be a team player  ? Good organizational and planning skills  ? Excellent communication and collaboration skills Education Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology in Cyber security University of Phoenix Bachelor of Science in Economics in Economics Lagos State University Skills security, access, testing, SQL, Active Directory, HTML, training