IT Security Analyst I <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I IT Security Analyst I - I System Solutions Inc Woodbridge, VA Skilled Information Security Analyst with over 5 years of expertise in Risk Management Framework (RMF), System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and vulnerability management of a wide range of system vulnerability and threats. Well-versed in direct and remote analysis with strong critical thinking communication and people skills. Work Experience IT Security Analyst I I System Solutions Inc January 2014 to Present Key Deliverables:  Supported client security policies and activities for networks, systems and applications  Including vulnerability management, Incident reporting, mitigation and continuous monitoring.    Worked on all assessment and authorization phases and processes.    Proven ability to support the full life cycle of the assessment and authorization processes.    In accordance with the NIST 800-53 REV 4, FISMA, OMB app reviewed and updated the information system security policies. We used industry best security practices.    Solved unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business    Provided time estimates at various levels of confidence for tasks for from initiation development.    Identify dependencies across programs, milestones, systems and solutions.    Investigated use and configuration organizationally of multiple business process tools, and create gap analysis on current solution vs ideal solution. Communicated functional and technical analysis, design and specifications to all supporting organizations. Education Bachelor's in IT SECURITY ANALYST NOVA IT TRAINING ACADEMY - Virginia Beach, VA Skills Life cycle, Security, Database administration, Database, Information assurance, Risk assessment, Vulnerability assessment, Scanning Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Assessment and Authorization, IT Security Compliance, Vulnerability Assessment, vulnerability Scanning, Database Administration, Information gathering, Information Assurance, Risk Assessment Systems, Development Life Cycle.