IT Security Analyst, Delta <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, Delta IT Security Analyst, Delta - IT Risk Assessment Kennesaw, GA M 770-882-9901  akinijidakinro@gmail.com    Cyber Security professional with in depth and hands on experience using Risk Management Framework (RMF), NIST Special Publications (NIST SP 800-*) and FIPS based on FISMA act 2002. Highly instrumental at making most sections\departments of VA CRISP project mature. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst, Delta IT Risk Assessment - Atlanta, GA April 2013 to Present • Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented the controls.  • Conducted walkthroughs, documented gaps, and developed remediation plans for each area of testing.  • Developed the Audit Plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security, Business Continuity Planning, and Relationship with Outsourced Vendors.  • Created and implemented all security documentations required for the certification and accreditation, and took the system through full accreditation.  • Participated in security team meetings and rendered other support to IT Security office, which included enAkinwale  Ijidakinro  suring appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for all IT systems.  • Conducted security awareness training and expected rules of behavior for end-users.  • Identified and evaluated the technical, management, and operational security controls.  • Provided and supported procedures for reporting and responding to security incidents.  Conducted the IT risk assessment and documented key controls  • Identified gaps, develop remediation plans, and train and advise IT managers on the SOX/FISMA compliance activities and controls.  • Helped business unit elaborate and identify internal control process  • Manually reviewed logs and provided documentation guidelines to process owners and Management  • Developed, maintained and communicated a consolidation risk management activities and deliverables calendar  • Developed the audit plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security Education Bachelor Degree of Science Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA Skills security, Active Directory, HTML, testing, access Additional Information Qualifications    • Certified Scrum Master (CSM)Certification    • VM Mare Specialist (VM Ware)  • Comptia A plus  • Sec Plus