IT Internal Auditor <span class="hl">IT</span> Internal Auditor IT Internal Auditor - Exelon Business Services Frederick, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Internal Auditor Exelon Business Services June 2016 to Present Internal Audits, evaluating the effectiveness, and efficiency of controls in place.  ? Perform risk management and governance processes and assessing Exelon's compliance with established policies, procedures, and regulatory requirements.  ? Review of controls base on a comprehensive audit plan using a risk-based assessment process.  ? Support IT internal controls as part of financial statement audit and SOX compliance.  ? Review of IT General Controls (ITGC) and various applications controls to assure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of financial systems.  ? Assessing audit and test programs and security controls using organization IT Security Policy Handbook and RMF (COSO/COBIT) to check the overall effectiveness of controls.  ? Carrying out Infrastructure testing on Windows, UNIX/Linux, and Mainframe environments.  ? Work with audit team to achieve departmental goals, and perform audit remediation of findings.  ? Test General Computer Controls (GCCs) including access, change management, IT operations and application controls in support of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance. IT Auditor First Data Corp Hagerstown March 2015 to May 2016 Performed walkthroughs and testing relating to application controls and Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs) for financially related ERP systems (SAP) for clients.  ? Prepared IT Audit program to include Access Control, Change Management, IT Operations and Application Controls.  ? Identified deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls in place and provided recommendations.  ? Assisted in the execution of internal Audit and development of annual IT audit plan.  ? Followed up on audit results to ensure the recommended controls are in place and overall risk is mitigated. Information Security Analyst / Junior IT Auditor Vinds Inc January 2013 to February 2015 Developed audit plans and programs, following COBIT and COSO frameworks.  ? Participated in integrated audits - carrying out ITGC testing in support of financial statements audits.  ? Experienced in all stages of audits, including planning; study, evaluation, and testing of controls; reporting; and follow-up.  ? Used ACL to administer computer aided audit tests (CAAT).  ? Coordinated with IT department and external auditors during SOX testing.  ? Documented control weaknesses related to testing exceptions, and reviewed audit work papers.  ? Participated in ( IT) controls audit and test the adequacy of internal controls in the following areas: Access control, Change Management, IT Operations, and Application controls.  ? Understanding and knowledge of service organization attestation standards such as SSAE16, and PCI-DSS.  ? Data Security Consultant responsible for data security using digital policies to protect secured and sensitive data (via Imperva for DB monitor).  ? Responsible for installing, configuring, tuning and troubleshooting Imperva and implementing corporate policies into digital polices for multiple OS (Linux, AIX, Windows) and database for DB2, SQL, and Oracle.  ? Technical expertise in privileged Access Management tools such as TPAM (configure SUDOER's file).  ? Working on Incident Management, Change, Problem Management tickets.  ? Coordinating with DB/Application teams and working on Go-live issues.  ? Working on Linux Volume groups (LVM), identifying the system performance Issue.  ? User Management on Windows, Linux and Unix. Opsware server Automation.  ? Willingness to take on new challenges and learn new concepts. Fosters positive team relationships through trust and flexibility.  ? User Accounts Management and Authentication via Access control (ACL, GID, UID and SUDO).  ? Extensive experience in File System administration and Logical Volume Manager (LVM), Kick start, yum/rmp package management.  ? Systems Security Administration, Role Based Access Control (RBAC) and SUDO. Education Master of Cybersecurity UMUC in cyber- security technology University of Maryland University College December 2017 Data Center Virtualization Additional Information COBIT, COSO, ITGC, SOX testing, SOC Audits SSAE 16, HIPAA and PCI-DSS Compliance audits. KeyPass, SAP, Dell Quest TPAM Privileged Access Control, Opsware Automation, PRTG NSM Tool, Imperva, Jira, Splunk, Remedy ticketing (ITSRC), VMware, SDC (Server Data Capture), Nmap, Nessus, Wireshark - Snort, BRO, Service Desk (IR/CR), VI EDITOR, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Publisher, PowerPoint, Share Point, OneNote etc.). Windows/UNIX/Linux administration, and Mainframe environments.