Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - The Arc of PGC Bowie, MD Olufemi is a Security Analyst knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Information Systems Development Life Cycle, Security Life Cycle and vulnerability management using applicable NIST guidelines and standards through Security Control Assessments, Configuration Change Management, and Security Impact Analysis. Work Experience Security Analyst The Arc of PGC - Largo, MD January 2013 to Present • Develop Systems Security Plan (SSP), Security Test and Assessment (ST&A) plan, System Requirement Traceability Matrix (SRTM), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Security Impact Assessment (SIA), Risk Assessment Report (RAR) and other Security Package documents towards quarterly reassessment compliance efforts.  • Establish and maintain a professional relationship with System Owner, Systems Administrators and Network Administrator of the information system under my purview. Discuss with System Owner and Systems Administrator about proposed changes, operations, and maintenance of their systems as part of continuous monitoring efforts.  • Co-ordinate the security analysis of quarterly security scans and remediation of security findings documented in POAMs in collaboration with Systems Owner and Technical leads.  • Manages vulnerabilities in systems by collaboration with Systems Administrators using Tenable Nessus.  • Updates Systems Security Plans as changes are implemented in the system through configuration management. IT Technician The Arc of PGC - Largo, MD April 2010 to December 2012 • Provided desktop support for over 90 clients by phone or in person as needed to minimize downtime.  • Supported as necessary on a 24-7 basis to limit system downtime during internal or external outages and peak enrollment periods  • Identified, isolated and repaired computer equipment showing wear and tear as well as during preventative maintenance routines.  • Performed diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and maintained equipment inventory lists through BMC Remedy.  • Responsible for performing account management such as creating and disabling accounts, reset passwords, and administer group policies.  • Performed Software/Hardware installation and maintenance repairs.  • Troubleshoot and resolved TCP/IP connectivity problems.  • Installed, configured, re-imaged and maintained desktop and laptop systems. Education Associate of Science in Computer and Electronic Engineering Technology ITT Technical Institute - Owings Mills, MD November 2010 Skills CHANGE MANAGEMENT (5 years), CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT (5 years), SECURITY (5 years), SECURITY PLAN (5 years), BEST PRACTICES (Less than 1 year) Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  • Knowledge of FISMA requirements and NIST Special Publications Experience assessing and managing security controls for federal IT systems. Knowledge of IT security best practices and current security threats.  • Experience in the development of security plan (SP), Contingency Plans, Disaster Recovery Plans, Incidence Response plan/training and configuration management.  • Excellent analytical, problem-solving skills and good working relationships with customers, colleagues, and other stakeholders.  • Able to perform comprehensive assessments to maintain effectiveness.  • Good verbal and written communication skills.  • Able to handle and prioritize multiple simultaneous systems, projects, and other assignments.  • Knowledge of LAN/WAN designs and general inter-networking technologies and how it affects data security.  • Working knowledge of Network Infrastructures, Web Applications, Oracle Databases, Application Servers, Windows and Unix/Linux systems.  • Able to work under stress and meet deadlines in required time frames.