Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Comcast Communications, Inc Silver Spring, MD Security Assessment & Authorization professional skilled in assembling security authorization package using National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publications 800-53 Rev-4, 800-53A, 800-60, 800-30, 800-37, FIPS 199, FIPS 200. Proficient in the preparation and updating of System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Plan (SAP), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M) and Security Assessment Report (SAR). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Comcast Communications, Inc November 2017 to Present Worked in the capacity of an Information Security Analyst, where I and my team are responsible for maintaining, reviewing, and updating Information Security System documentations, to include but not limited to System Security Plan (SSP), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), Security Assessment Report (SAR), policies and procedures, and security control baselines in accordance with NIST guideline and security practices.    • Involved with reviewing, maintaining, and ensuring all Assessments and Authorizations (A&A) documentation was included in system security package.  • Ensured Implementation of appropriate security control for Information System based on NIST Special Publication 800-53 rev 4, FIPS 200, and System Categorization using NIST 800-60, and FIPS 199.  • Reviewed and updated remediation on (POAMs), in organization's Cyber Security Assessment and Management (CSAM) system. Worked with system administrators to resolve POAMs, gathering artifacts and creating mitigation memos, residual risk memos, and corrective action plans to assist in the closure of the POA&M.  • Applied appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53 rev4, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.  • Worked with stakeholders and system application teams to conduct testing, interviews, and collection of artifacts relevant to assessment of security controls.  • Managed vulnerabilities with the aid of Nessus vulnerability Scanners to detect potential risks on a single or multiple assets across the enterprise network  • Performed configuration management reviews. Senior IT Security Analyst Guaranty Trust Bank June 2012 to October 2017 Performed Assessment & Accreditation (A&A) on client Systems to ensure that such environments are operating within strong security posture.  • Performed vulnerabilities scans for Databases, Network, and Web Applications for different clients using Tenable Nessus and performed remediation.  • Implemented appropriate security controls to mitigate threats, risks and vulnerabilities in the system.  • Assisted in defining, implementing, and maintaining information security policies, standards and procedures.  • Gather data to complete Security Test & Evaluation (ST&E) required for managing risks and threats in systems.  • Provided expert analysis and advice on systems and programs related to IT Security problems and provide recommendations.  • Formulated security assessment reports and recommendations for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits in the system.  • Developed test plans and test analysis summaries.  • Create ATO package documents; SSP, RA, SAR, POAM reports, etc., based on the security assessments performed on systems. Education Bachelors of Science in Computer Science Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ogun State Skills Excel (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word (Less than 1 year), Nessus (5 years), SAR (5 years), Security (5 years) Additional Information Skills  • IE, Mozilla Firefox  • Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint  • Visio  • Outlook Office 365, Google e-mail, PeopleSoft  • National Institutes of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publications 800-53 Rev-4, 800-53A, 800-60, 800-30, 800-37, FIPS 199, FIPS 200.  • Proficient in the preparation and updating of System Security Plan (SSP)  • Security Assessment Plan (SAP)  • Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M) and Security Assessment Report (SAR)  • CSAM  • NESSUS Tenable ( Security Center)