Information Assurance Analyst Information Assurance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Assurance Analyst - EY- Virginia Burtonsville, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Assurance Analyst EY- Virginia March 2015 to Present • Conduct comprehensive assessment of the management, operational, technical and privacy security employed within or inherited by an Information System to determine the overall effectiveness of the control.  • Provide assessment of the severity of weakness or deficiencies discovered in the Information System and its environment of operation and recommend corrective actions to address identified vulnerabilities.  • Assess security and privacy controls using the NIST SP 800-53A Rev4 publication guideline.  • Advice the Agency on any assessment and authorization issues.  • Review security policy documents and make recommendations on documentation compliant.  • Review and approve the SSP  • Prepare final Security Assessment Report (SAR) containing the results and findings from the assessment.  • Review the Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) with identified weaknesses, timelines, milestones and point of contacts for each IS based on findings and recommendations from the SAR IT Security Analyst Avyon Consulting Group - Washington, DC April 2013 to March 2015 Role included the following:  • Assess the system for risk exposure for threats and vulnerabilities on an Enterprise level.  • Identify, analyze and develop mitigation guidance for vulnerabilities.  • Prioritize newly identified vulnerabilities based upon severity, potential operation impacts, exploitation, and mitigation strategies.  • Understand, review and interpret scan results.  • Apply FISMA compliance to determine the effectiveness of implemented security measures and ensure adequacy in the security of business assets.  • Utilize NIST SP 800 series to identify threats and vulnerabilities and recommend pertinent security controls to mitigate the occurrence of future threats and vulnerabilities imposed on a business' network. IT Security Analyst Deloitte Consulting - Washington, DC April 2012 to March 2013 • Provided expertise on technical services including all aspects of information security  • Conduct IT risk assessments to identify system threats  • Assessed system design and security posture as well as advising information security compliance with FISMA and NIST SP 800-53 controls.  • Conducted security control assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operation privacy, and technical security controls implemented  • Performed maintenance and advanced configuration of systems in order to protect systems from emerging cyber threats.  • Conducted forensic traffic logs analysis to isolate issues and respond to analyst alerts  • Business Impact Analysis (BIA) to analyze mission-critical business functions, and identify and quantify the impact if these are lost (e.g., operational, financial). BIA helped to define the company's business continuity plan and IT internal control audit objective. Education B.S in Information Technology in Information Technology Bowie State University - Bowie, MD August 2008 to May 2011