Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - TEKsystems Laurel, MD Seeking a position in a growth oriented organization with focus on FISMA, Sarbanes-Oxley 404, System Security Monitoring, Risk Assessments, Audit Engagements, Testing Information Technology Controls and Developing Security Policies, Procedures and Guidelines.    STANDARDS  Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A), OMB Circular A-130 Appendix III, NIST 800-53, FIPS, FISMA, FISCAM. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst TEKsystems - Herndon, VA January 2017 to Present • Leads the effort in developing a formal process for maintaining major/minor applications on an Ongoing Authorization (OA) ATO  • Conduct CDM meeting to discuss vulnerabilities and potential remediation actions with system and application owners  • Ensure identified weaknesses from vulnerabilities scans are remediated in accordance with NIST standards.  • Conduct kick off meetings in order to start security control assessment on assigned systems  • Conduct security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented  • Develop Security Assessment Report (SAR) detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)  • Conduct follow up meetings to assist information system owners to close/remediate POA&M items  • Develop System Security Plans (SSP) to provide an overview of system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by information system owners to meet those requirements  • Conduct IT risk assessment to identify system threats, vulnerabilities, and risks  • Prepare recommendation reports that are made available to system owners to remediate identified vulnerabilities during the risk assessment process IT Security Analyst First Information Technology Services - Rockville, MD May 2013 to December 2016 • Conducted kick off meetings in order to categorize systems according to NIST requirements of Low, Moderate or High system  • Developed a security baseline controls and test plan that was used to assess implemented security controls  • Conducted security control assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented. Security Assessment Reports (SAR) were developed detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M)  • Developed risk assessment reports. These reports identified threats and vulnerabilities applicable to assigned systems. In addition, it also evaluates the likelihood that vulnerabilities can be exploited, assess the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities, and identified the overall risk level  • Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensured effectiveness of all security controls)  • Led in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officers (ISSOs), the System Owners, the Information Owners.  • Developed a system security plan to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and described the controls in place or planned to meet those requirements. Education BS. Finance with HR minor in Finance and Accounting University of Maryland-University College - Largo, MD Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, It Security, Cissp, SEC Additional Information I am specialized in areas such as Cyber security, Information Assurance (IA), Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A), Risk Management, System Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Physical and environmental security, Project Management. I possess a strong managerial skill, excellent in relationship building and developing strategic partnership. I am an expert in FISMA compliance. I am highly adaptive and have superior analytical and organizational skills as well. I am a fast learner, have the ability to multi-task. I can also work independently and as a contributing team member. I have a strong verbal and written communication skills. I have over 4 years of experience in information security and IT audit.