IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - TIGHTECH CONSULTING Hyattsville, MD Approximately 5 years of experience in Information Technology services supporting security initiatives for government and commercial customers. Work experience encompasses threat analysis, incident response, network surveillance, Risk Management Framework, National Institute of Technology (NIST), System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Information security documents, developing and promulgating Security Assessment Plans (SAP) and Security Assessment Reports (SAR) Work Experience IT Security Analyst TIGHTECH CONSULTING - Lanham, MD July 2016 to Present • Conduct IT Risk Assessment to identify system threats, vulnerabilities, risk and generate reports.  • Maintain, review and update information security system documentations, including System Security Plan (SSP), Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&M), Risk Assessment (RA), policies and procedures, security control baselines in accordance with NIST guidelines and security practices.  • Apply appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53, FIPS 200 and NIST SP800-53 rev4.  • Assess security controls and develop security assessment reports (SAR).  • Support A&A activities (Categorization, Selection, Implementation, Assessment, Authorization and Monitoring) according to the A&A project plan.  • Review authorization documentation for completeness and accuracy for compliance.  • Facilitate Security Control Assessment (SCA) and monitor activities.  • Execute, examine, interview and test procedures in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A rev4.  • Ensure cyber security policies are adhered to and required controls are implemented.  • Validate information system security plans to ensure NIST control requirements are met.  • Manage vulnerabilities with the aid of Nessus Vulnerability Scanners to detect potential risks.  • Review security logs to ensure compliance with policies and procedures.  • Assist team members with proper security artifact collection. COASTAL INTERNATIONAL - Washington, DC June 2011 to Present Access Control Monitor    • Services and monitors intrusion, fire, Closed Circuit TV(CCTV) and access control security system.  • Maintain appropriate automated and manual logs and computer databases.  • Implement, monitor and operate access control systems which receives, responds and directs emergency personnel.  • Ensure access control system; processes, procedures and policies comply with agency guidelines.  • Ensure that unauthorized personnel are prevented from accessing the facility and safeguard against possible espionage, damage, theft and relate threats. Information Security Analyst TIGHTECH CONSULTING - Lanham, MD September 2013 to July 2016 • Ensure proper system categorization using NIST 800-60 and FIPS 199; implement appropriate security controls for information system based on NIST 800-53 rev4 and FIPS 200.  • Conduct security assessment interviews to determine the security posture of the system and to develop a Security Assessment Report (SAR) in the completion of the Security Test and Evaluation (STE) questionnaire using NIST SP 800-53A required to maintain company Authorization To Operate (ATO), Risk Assessment (RA), System Security Plans and System Categorization.  • Reviewing, maintaining and ensuring all assessment and authorization (A&A) documentation is included in the system security package.  • Perform information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security process. Assessed threats, risks and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues and identified mitigation requirements.  • Work with system owners to develop, test and train on contingency plans and incident response plans.  • Review and update remediation on Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) in organization's Cyber Security Assessment and Management (CSAM) system. Work with system administrators to resolve POA&Ms, gathering artifacts and creating mitigating memos and corrective action plans to assist in the closure of the POA&M.    Computer & Software Proficiencies  • Microsoft Office Suite    • Adobe    • Qualified Typist (70wpm)    • MS Project    • CSAM    • Nessus Vulnerability Scanner Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in CRIMINAL JUSTICE Northeastern University - Boston, MA Skills Cyber Security, Information Security Certifications/Licenses Certified Authorization Professional (CAP) In-Progress Additional Information Security + In progress