Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Top Group Tech Inglewood, CA I am a solutions-focused and passionate Cyber Security Analyst with 7 years experience in the information security industry. Knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and Vulnerabilities Management using FISMA, with in-depth understanding of numerous security tools. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Top Group Tech - St. Louis, MO June 2015 to Present Designate systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60 ? Perform Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A) ? Perform Vulnerability Assessment. Make sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper action have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems ? Create standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages ? Performing I.T controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) ? Update and analyze System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) ? Support System Owners and ISSO in preparing Certification and Accreditation package for company's IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4 IT Security Analyst Matrix Solutions - Houston, TX October 2012 to June 2015 Documented and managed Risks in accordance with SP 800-30 and SP 800-37 using nine steps to evaluate the threats, vulnerabilities and security controls surrounding the Information System as well as the likelihood of an exploit and the impact it will have to systems operations.  ? Responsible for monitoring compliance with information security policies by coaching others within the organization on acceptable uses of information technology and how to protect organization systems ? Prepared and reviewed Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA) for over 1200 systems and facilities ? Collected and evaluated assessment artifacts in order to determine compliance with the NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 control requirements ? Participated in the FIPS 199 process in which security categorization takes place, and selecting the technical, operational and managerial controls using NIST SP 800-60 guidelines.  ? Developed POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test & Evaluation) Education BA in Psychology/Sociology California State University June 2005 Skills Life Cycle (Less than 1 year), Risk Assessment (3 years), Scanning (Less than 1 year), Security (6 years), Vulnerability Assessment. (3 years) Additional Information AREA OF EXPERTISE    ? Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  ? IT Security Compliance  ? Vulnerability Assessment  ? Network Vulnerability Scanning  ? Systems Risk Assessment  ? Systems Development Life Cycle