Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Evergreen Information Security & Technology LLC Worcester, MA Seeking an Information System Auditor or Information Assurance position in a growth oriented organization with focus on IT Security and Risk, system security monitoring and auditing; risk assessments; audit engagements, and testing information technology controls.    Standards    COSO/COBIT, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SAS-70, Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability, Access Control, Audit and Accountability, ITIL, ISO 17779, Certification and Accreditation, General Computer Controls, Application control, Testing, Compliance Testing, Risk Assessment, Change Management, Security Maintenance, Contingency Planning; Policies and Procedures, NIST 800-53, FIPS, FISMA, FISCAM.    Software/Platform/Artifacts    MS office suite, Power Point, Visio, Sharepoint, excel, access, Windows, Fips199, SORN, E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, RA, SSP, CP, CIPT, ST&E, SAR, POA&M, ATO, 800-53A, ISA, MOU, Risk Vision. Work Experience Information Security Analyst Evergreen Information Security & Technology LLC - Boston, MA July 2014 to Present Helped guide System Owners and ISSOs through the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process, ensuring that management; operational and technical controls for securing either sensitive Security Systems or IT Systems are in place and are followed according to federal guidelines (NIST 800-53). This includes ensuring that appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for IT systems throughout their life cycle, from the requirements definition phase through disposal. Additional responsibilities include assurance of vulnerability mitigation, training on C&A tools, supporting System Test and Evaluation (ST&E) efforts and other support to the IT Security Office. Conducted Federal Risk and authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) which provides a standardized approach to security assessment, authorization and continues monitoring for clouds products and services. Conducted Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officers (ISSOs), the System Owner, the Information Owners and the Privacy Act Officer. Conducted a security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) was developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M) Advised organizations in the development of Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure continued effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions. Developed an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication). Developed a risk assessment report. This report identified threats and vulnerabilities applicable to target systems. In addition, it also evaluates the likelihood that vulnerability can be exploited, assesses the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities, and identified the overall risk level. IT Security Analyst Evergreen Information Security & Technology LLC - Boston, MA May 2011 to June 2013 Helped guide System Owners and ISSOs through the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process, ensuring that management; operational and technical controls for securing either sensitive Security Systems or IT Systems are in place and are followed according to federal guidelines (NIST 800-53). This includes ensuring that appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for IT systems throughout their life cycle, from the requirements definition phase through disposal. Additional responsibilities include assurance of vulnerability mitigation, training on C&A tools, supporting System Test and Evaluation (ST&E) efforts and other support to the IT Security Office.  Reviewed and conducted in-depth analysis on regulatory and legal changes affecting institution. Prepared written reports and analysis for compliance management. Assisted on projects, exams, audits and other tasks as assigned. Prepared currency transaction reports in compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act. Managed projects required to implement regulatory and legal changes, including setting project goals, coordinating efforts between multiple departments, and monitoring for effectiveness. Education Bachelor In Computer Engineering Science in Computer Engineering Science University of All Nations May 2006