IT Support Supervisor <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Supervisor IT Support Supervisor - Lawinger Consulting/Archdiocese Duluth, MN Knowledgeable Information Systems Technician adept at technical  troubleshooting and user training. Effective at analyzing issues,  developing solutions and managing escalations for advanced problems.  Seeking a fast-paced position with a progressive company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Supervisor Lawinger Consulting/Archdiocese - Saint Paul, MN January 2018 to Present Contractor for Lawinger Consulting and I am the head of IT Support  for the Archdiocese of St.Paul, MN  ? Supervisor to a couple of employees who support all IT related and Telecommunications related issues.  ? Active Directory/LDAP tasks including but not limited to:  Creation/Revision/Addition/ Deletion/password resets of Users, Active  Directory Groups, and NPSA (non-person specific accounts or Process  IDs) Accounts.  ? Creation/Revision/Deletion and Setting permissions of network folders  and Subfolders DHCP and DNS configuration Setting up Desk phones and Cell phones for users Switch Configuration Server Administration  Printer setup and troubleshooting All hardware and software  troubleshooting of all network equipment including servers, switches,  PCs, Printers, etc.  ? Ensured successful technical upgrade projects for clients by collaborating with project managers and developers for integrations.  ? Worked closely with management teams to plan, develop, coordinate  and execute strategies aligned to the client's vision, mission and purpose.  ? Recommended and installed upgrades and helped businesses to plan  for technology to match growth.  ? Performed daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key  processes.  • Developed plans to safeguard computer files against modification,  destruction or disclosure.  • Monitored use of data files and regulated access to protect secure  information.  ? Guided the implementation of a company-wide enterprise security  strategy for network and hardware, disaster recovery, data protection and endpoint protection.  ? Provided a consistent level of support for Windows servers and IT Security Lawinger Consulting/ 3M - Woodbury, MN November 2015 to January 2018 • Responsible for Performing Deployments for  implementing NAC and all 3M sites worldwide.  • Perform Daily Support of NAC (Network Access Control) Aruba  Clearpass Worldwide, including after hours and weekends as needed  Upgrading, configuration changes, maintenance, cleanup, etc, within  Aruba Clearpass   • Responsible for upgrading NAC documentation as well as training  new members of the team as well as other NAC Related teams at 3M  on how to use Clearpass and related applications Responsible for  creating, editing, and training others on NAC Dashboards in Splunk.  • Responded to ticket requests via telephone and email.  • Performed risk analyses to identify appropriate security  countermeasures.  • Reviewed violations of computer security procedures and developed  mitigation plans.  • Recommend improvements in security systems and procedures.  • Monitored computer virus reports to determine when to update virus  protection systems.  • Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both  on- and off-site. IT Network and Security Analyst TEKsystems/ 3M - Maplewood, MN January 2012 to November 2015 • Active Directory/LDAP tasks including but not limited to:.  Creation/Revision/Addition/ Deletion/password resets of Users, Active  Directory Groups, and NPSA(non-person specific accounts or Process  IDs) Accounts.  • Creation/Revision/Deletion and Setting permissions of network folders  and Subfolders DHCP and DNS configuration using Infoblox,  Ultradns, Bluecat and Microsoft DHCP MFA-Multi-Factor  Authentication - both Azure and Dell Defender Creating Certificates:  using PKI and Comodo.  • Installed, configured and patched user hardware and software.  • Trained users on how to properly operate equipment and software  programs.  • Implemented security policies and distributed updates to end users.  • Handled service requests, including initial troubleshooting and  escalation.  • Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all ticket requests.  • Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level  troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.  • Recommended network security standards to management. Education Computer Forensic Century College - White Bear Lake, MN May 2008 High school diploma Hudson High School - Hudson, WI 2004 Skills Customer service (Less than 1 year), Data backup (Less than 1 year), maintenance (Less than 1 year), mentoring (Less than 1 year), Networking (Less than 1 year), Service Desk, Help Desk, Desktop Support, MAC, Active Directory, Tech Support Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bqz6m7suvctdkqnu Written Communication — Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to convey written information using proper grammar rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/byt74hdhcudyplpb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills  ? Systems administration  ? Networking issues  ? Software updates  ? Equipment setup  ? Technical troubleshooting  ? Presentation and facilitation  ? Conflict resolution  ? Bug tracking  ? Workflow analysis  ? Oral and written communication  ? Network maintenance  ? Data backup and retrieval  ? New employee mentoring  ? Customer service  ? Network upgrades  ? Team leadership