IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Wichita, KS Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Equity Bank - Wichita, KS April 2018 to Present Maintain the security posture (CIA) of a regional bank with 42 locations in Arkansas, Kansas and Oklahoma and assets worth $3.17b.  -Upgraded network software and hardware including Cisco (AMP, Cisco Firepower), Tenable (Nessus, SecurityCenter) and Trend Micro.  -Administering LAN/WAN security, antivirus and spam control measures (blue team) by utilizing multiple sources to identify security effectiveness including Cisco (ESA, WSA, ASA, AMP, Firepower), Netwrix, Solarwinds and KnowBe4.  -Troubleshooting and fixing LAN/WAN problems by utilizing critical thinking, active listening and complex problem solving skills.  -Administering the operation of LAN/WAN services including system hardening of Workstation and Servers using Homeland Security and National Institute of Standard and Technology (NIST) standards. IT Security Administrator Intrust Bank - Wichita, KS November 2017 to April 2018 Maintained the security posture (CIA) of a regional bank with 45 locations in Arkansas, Kansas and Oklahoma and assets worth $5.2b.  -Upgraded network software and hardware including CyberArc, Carbon Black, McAfee, and Tenable Nessus.  -Administered LAN/WAN security, antivirus and spam control measures (blue team) by utilizing multiple sources to identify security effectiveness including Netwrix, Palo Alto and KnowBe4.  -Troubleshot and fixed LAN/WAN problems by utilizing critical thinking, active listening and complex problem solving skills.  -Administering the operation of LAN/WAN services including system hardening of Workstation and Servers using Homeland Security and National Institute of Standard and Technology (NIST) standards. IT Support Technician Senior University of Kansas - KLETC - Hutchinson, KS August 2013 to November 2017 Maintained and administered computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, and applications in both physical and virtual configurations for a Kansas University 173-acre campus consisting of 20 classrooms in 15 buildings.  -Managed Debian, Ubuntu, OpenBSD, and Windows (2003, 2008, & 2012) servers in physical and virtual (Hyper-V & Virtual Box) configurations including security updates, system hardening and vulnerability scanning.  -Managed Windows (XP, 7, 8, & 10) workstations including security updates, system hardening, and vulnerability scanning.  -Worked with IT and business lines to foster partnerships that ensures teamwork and promotes high levels of customer service.  -Monitored firewall, servers, workstations and antivirus console to identify vulnerabilities and respond to security events.  -Performed penetration testing and network scanning. Education Associate in Communication / Organizational Communication St. Louis Community College - Meramec - St. Louis, MO August 2009 Associate in General Studies St. Louis Community College - Meramec - St. Louis, MO July 2008 Skills Information Security, It Security, Cyber Security, Comptia, SEC, Active Directory, Nist, Intrusion, Compliance Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CE November 2021 CompTIA Network+ CE November 2021 CompTIA Security+ CE November 2021 CompTIA CySA+ November 2021