IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Compliance & Assurance Fairfax, VA I am specialized in areas such as Certification and Accreditation (C&A), Risk Management, Authentication & Access Control, System Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Physical and environmental security, Incident Response, and Disaster Recovery. I am an expert in FISMA and SOX 404 compliance, IT Security Training, developing security policies, procedures and guidelines. I am a fast learner and easily adapt to new working environment. I have very good analytical and organizational skills. I have the ability to do multi-task, and can also work independently and also in a team. I have a strong verbal and written communication skills and also in technical writing skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Compliance & Assurance October 2014 to Present Mount Vernon Lee Enterprises (MVLE)  • Essential Functions:  • Support the analysis and review of information security programs and systems to ensure compliance to federal security policies.  • Provide Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) guidance and support. Specific standards include NIST 800-53 rev. 4, NIST 800-53A rev 4, FIPS 199, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-137.  • Independently develop a variety of Security Authorization deliverables including: System Security Plans (SSP), Security Assessment Reports (SAR), Risk Assessment Reports, Privacy Impact Assessments (PAI), Annual Assessments, Contingency Plans, FIPS 199 Security Categorizations, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), etc.  • Experience migrating FISMA Authorizing Official (AO) package from revision 3 to revision 4.  • Analyze and review existing processes and procedures to determine areas of possible improvement that will lead to gains in efficiency and security.  • Develop, review and monitor compliance with organizational security policies. Draft and finalize processes & procedures for compliance with FISMA and NIST 800-53 rev4.  • Monitor, track and report on the status of POA&M items. Prepare monthly ISCM (NIST 800-137) packages for submission to AO.  • Proactively manage risks, and systematically resolve or escalate issues in a timely manner.    Additional Responsibilities:  • Monitor industry trends for changes in physical and cyber security challenges and implement planning, policy and procedure changes in response.  • Contribute to industry and government forums that develop industry guidance and regulations regarding security practices IT Security Analyst Smart Think Inc - Washington, DC March 2012 to September 2014 • Conducted a security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational Designate systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60  • Conduct Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A)  • Perform Vulnerability Assessment. Make sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper actions have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems  • Conducted IT controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards, procedures and guidelines.  • Developed a security baseline controls and test plan that was used to assess implemented security controls.  • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A  • Privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) was developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M) to the Designated Approving Authority (DAA) to obtain the Authority to Operate (ATO).  • Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help Smart Think Inc. in maintaining an on-going awareness of information security (Ensure effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions.  • Assisted in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officer (ISSO), the System Owner, the Information Owners and the Privacy Act Officer  • Developed an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication)  • Developed a system security plan (SSP) to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and describe the controls in place.  • Conduct a Business Impact Analyst (BIA) to identify high risk area where audit effort will be allocated to.  • Performed Certification and Accreditation documents in compliance with FISMA/NIST and SOX 404 standards.  • Conducted meetings with the IT client team to gather evidence, developed test plans, testing procedures and documented test results and exceptions.  • Conducted walkthroughs, formulated test plans, documented gaps, test results, and exceptions; and developed remediation plans for each area of testing.  • Performed IT operating effectiveness tests in the areas of security, operations, change management, and email authentication.  • Developed the audit plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing Identified gaps, developed remediation plans, and presented final results to the IT Management team.  • Initiated and lead information security awareness and training programs.    SOCIAL WORK EXPERIENCE National Coordinator/Country Director Operating Authorities, Community 2007 to 2012 2007-2012: THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH'S AWARD INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION (NATIONAL YOUTH AWARD SCHEME OF SIERRA LEONE)  ? Designation: National Coordinator/Country Director  • Key Responsibilities:  • Coordinated the day-to-day management of the Scheme throughout the country;  • Planned, Organized and Implemented the Scheme programs throughout the country;  • Liaised, consulted and worked in collaboration and cooperation with Operating Authorities, Community groups, Beneficiaries and programs staff;  • Maintained the operation of the scheme programs in the country;  • Ensured that the Awards gained are authorized and presented to participants;  • Publicized the Award programs to young people in the country;  • Ensured that the operation of the award programs in the country meets the requirement of the International Declaration and Operation Principles and that the standards of the programs are upheld at all time;  • Prepared regular monthly, quarterly, yearly and situational reports on the requirements stipulated in the programs document and in accordance with directives assigned by the Regional and International office/association  • Represented the Scheme in National and International Forums, conferences and meetings. Education Master of Science in Agricultural Economics Njala University 2007 to 2009 Bachelor of Social Sciences in Economics Option Fourah College, University of Sierra Leone 1999 to 2003