IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - ABC Supply Janesville, WI Work Experience IT Security Analyst ABC Supply - Beloit, WI October 2018 to Present • Manage security awareness program  • Create and implement policies using CSF control framework  • Document process flows and procedures for RACI model  • Responsible for PCI compliance of multiple companies. (PCI ASV, PCI SAQ, remediation)  • Create metrics dashboards to identify IT performance, needs. IT Project Manager ABC Supply - Beloit, WI May 2017 to October 2018 • Manage the full project life cycle including requirements gathering, creation of project plans and schedules, obtaining and managing resources, managing budget, and facilitating project execution, deployment, and closure.  • Utilize corporate and industry standard project management tools and techniques to effectively manage projects.  • Assist with establishment and maintenance of corporate project management methodology and other department procedures.  • Maintain detailed project documentation including meeting minutes, action items, issues lists, and risk management plans.  • Effectively communicate project status to all stakeholders.  • Negotiate with project stakeholders to identify resources, resolve issues, and mitigate risks.  • Coordinate cross-functional meetings with various functional areas to meet overall stakeholder expectations and company's objectives.  • Provide functional and technical knowledge across multiple business and technical areas.  • Monitor the creation of all project deliverables to ensure adherence to quality standards including design documents, test plans, training materials, and operations documentation.  • Create and communicate project milestone documents, dashboards, ROI tables, and departmental success metrics. IT Business Analyst ABC Supply - Beloit, WI August 2016 to May 2017 • Meet with business champion to define and document high level business request in a standardized format or assigned work efforts.  • Work with the project sponsor to document the project's business requirements.  • Identify project stakeholders and elicit requirements from the stakeholders using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, storyboards, surveys, site visits, business process  analysis use cases or user stories, scenarios, event lists, task and workflow analysis.  • Write requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language clearly, unambiguously, and concisely.  • Decompose high-level business and user requirements into functional requirements, specified in an appropriate level of detail and in appropriate forms suitable for use by those who base their work on the requirements.  • Lead requirements analysis and verification, ensuring that requirement statements are complete, consistent, concise, understandable, traceable, feasible, unambiguous, and that they conform to standards.  • Lead requirements validation activities to confirm that a solution based on the requirements would meet customer needs and achieve the business objectives.  • Lead and facilitate ongoing requirements prioritization.  • Define and document project scope statement on exploratory projects and project charters.  • Define and document any applicable scope change requirements.  • Assist in coordination of the work effort of a project with assigned resources, including Project Managers (PMs), Quality Analysts (QAs), developers, stakeholders and sponsors to ensure continual forward movement to meet expected deliverables and schedule.  • Coordinate inclusion of appropriate education resources. IT Business Analyst Data Specialist Inc - Elkhorn, WI October 2011 to August 2016 • Perform system study of clients, meet with key stakeholders within the business to gain an understanding of business processes, identify gaps, efficiency opportunities, and propose value added propositions for continuous improvement.  • Act as a liaison and collaborate with the business and functional stakeholders at our manufacturing facilities to identify and deliver strategic enablement solutions across people, process using technology.  • Document business requirements and create statements of work for development of new or existing functionality of existing application to provide systematic solutions for client needs.  • Followed project delivery framework and lead the completion of software development life cycle, activities for projects.  • Responsible for implementation of technical systems, software, or solutions. Configure solutions to according to business processes, plans and executes on delivery and implementation plans, tests and troubleshoots final system setups.  • Responsible for providing training and end-user support during and after the implementation process.  • Testing integrations with internal lab instruments and external parties (labs and suppliers)  • Project management of every phase of the development life cycle including requirements gathering, program coding, acceptance testing, documentation completion and application delivery  • Manage multiple projects, plans, change requests, resource capacity to anticipate impact on future deliverables.  • Assisted with development of mobile application to eliminate over 90% of data entry at the point of intake.  • T-SQL, SQL, MS SQL Server experience  ? Respond to and resolve database access and performance issues.  ? Monitor system details within the database, including stored procedures and execution time, and implement efficiency improvements.  ? Plan and coordinate data migrations between systems.  ? Create, or support creation of, required reports in response to business user needs.  ? Perform database transaction and security audits.  ? Establish appropriate database access control levels.  ? Technical support of application, custom development, custom integrations for end users at 30+ clients. IT Business Analyst Nova Molecular Technologies, Inc - Janesville, WI September 2009 to October 2011 • Perform gap analysis and document business requirements of ERP system.  • IT Administrator, manage and maintain network infrastructure.  • Documented use cases for development of custom software.  • Responsible for data migration into the new ERP system. Education Computer Science University of Wisconsin Whitewater - Whitewater, WI 2011 to 2013 University of Wisconsin Rock County - Rock, Wisconsin, US 2010 to 2011 Skills SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master