Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - C-Hit Woodbridge, VA Work Experience Information Security Analyst C-Hit - Columbia, MD December 2015 to Present Reviewed security controls and provide implementation responses as to if/how the systems are currently meeting the requirements.  • Developed NIST-compliant vulnerability assessments, technical documentation, and Plans of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and address system weaknesses  • Ensured customers are in compliance with security policies and procedures following NIST 800-53 and NIST 800-53A.  • Assigned tasks to staff under my supervision and review all work from my staff prior to approval of VA contingency plans, Disaster Recovery Plans.  • Planed, assigned and perform security validation review for C&A documentation, and supervise team members  • Provide POA&M Quality and Management (review, update and validate on behalf of the CISO)  • Sound understanding and experience with NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF) process.  • Generated, reviewed and updated System Security Plans (SSP) against NIST 800-18 and NIST 800-53 requirements.  • Determined security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  • Conducted risk assessments regularly; ensured measures raised in assessments were implemented in accordance with risk profile, and root-causes of risks were fully addressed following NIST 800-30 and NIST 800-37.  • Assessed existing security policies, processes, and templates against NIST guidance.  • Facilitated training for the Business Continuity Team.  • Communicated effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates and senior leadership IT Auditor/Information Security Analyst EXL Service - New York, NY April 2015 to December 2015 • Test the effectiveness of key infrastructure controls in network security, disaster recovery, and change management.  • Prepare audit plan, conduct walkthroughs, and assess internal control environment through control testing.  • Assist in the development of audit objectives and detailed test procedures that effectively address key controls and risks.  • Worked on Financial statement Audit, Remedy, COBIT, ITGCs, and SOX, making sure they are in place.  • Develop audit report, including findings, issues and recommendations for improvement.  • Identify and document audit findings clearly and concisely.  • Test general computer controls provided by operations and business units and identified operation deficiencies. IT Auditor IKgenesis IT Consulting - Columbia, MD September 2012 to April 2015 SOX Testing SOC.    • Plan and perform reviews of IT general and application controls.  • Evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of the client's internal controls using auditing standards, such as COBIT, SOC1.  • Develop audit plans and programs to evaluate control areas on projects such as financial statement audit, SOX testing, SAS 70/SSAE 16.  • Conduct walkthroughs, and assess internal control environment, through control testing.  • Evaluate the adequacy and the effectiveness of key controls and potential business concerns by analyzing available documentation and asking insightful questions to identify root causes of internal control weaknesses.  • Identify risks and test controls associated with systems and data integrity.  • Develop audit report and findings, issues and recommendations for improvement.  • Worked on SAP, Financial statement Audit, Remedy, COBIT, ITGCs, and SOX, making sure they are in place. Education Bachelor's Skills DISASTER RECOVERY (3 years), SECURITY (3 years), AUDIT (3 years), REMEDY (3 years), SARBANES OXLEY (3 years), training Additional Information SKILLS  NIST 800-37, NIST 800 53, 53A, FISMA Compliance, Risk Assessment Disaster Recovery, Security Maintenance Windows, Rational Change Management, Outlook, Excel, Microsoft Visio, CSAM, Nessus, Quality Center, MS Access, Oracle, SQL, IBM, HP Quality Center and ALM IBM Rational Quality Manager, Internal Audit, ITGCs, Change Management, Contingency Planning; SOX 404, Audit Readiness, SOC, Microsoft Office, SAP, Audit Command Language (ACL), Remedy, SAS 70/SSAE 16, HIPPAA, A-123 Audit, Financial Statement Audits.