IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Niskayuna, NY Work Experience IT Security Analyst MetLife - Troy, NY 2011 to 2014 Supported access provisioning and certification to ensure regulatory compliance and operational efficiency needs were met.  -Performed QA testing of Hitachi IDM (Identity Management tool) and a CPAM (Centralized Profile Access Management tool) for both the initial product releases as well as subsequent upgrades, ensuring functionality and ease of customer use. Provided  troubleshooting assistance and documentation to first and second level support and assisted in product enhancement. IT Security Analyst MVP Health Care 2008 to 2010 Technical Lead for the Intellitactics intrusion detection system and the Motorola AirDefence wireless intrusion prevention system.  (Acquired certifications from vendors of both products.)  -Monitored and advised on information security issues related to the systems and workflow at MVP to ensure the internal security  controls for the business were appropriate and operating within compliance standards.  -Managed objects and group policy within the Active Directory Environment.  -Coordinated automated / "scripted" responses to information security incidents, including automatically generated service desk  tickets via the Remedy system.  -Worked with technical writers to develop and publish Information Security policies, departmental procedures, standards and guidelines, including business notifications, eWeb content and ITS alerts based upon knowledge of best practices and compliance  requirements.  -Assisted in the coordination and execution of IT security related projects for the business.  -Collaborated with IT management, the legal department, safety and security, and law enforcement agencies to manage security  vulnerabilities and mitigate risk associated with said vulnerabilities.  -Conducted security research and kept abreast of latest security issues including zero day exploits.  -Performed penetration testing with Sun Guard.  -Helped to create, manage, and maintain internal user security awareness.  -Used Nmap, Hyena, Active Directory, Intellitactics, Trip Wire, AirDefense, Check Point, Tipping Point and other IDS / IPS tools.  -Assisted in business-wide data classification / warehousing project including a vulnerability audit and advised on remediation plan.  -Advised on the upgrade of the VPN/RAS system to use a tri-factor authentication system and IPSEC.  -Participated in forensic analyses and assisted in eDiscovery efforts to produce data requested by internal as well as external  auditors. MVP Health Care - Schenectady, NY 2007 to 2010 Desktop Support Technician MVP Health Care 2007 to 2008 Supported more than 11500 users / endpoints and the entire provider base, in a Windows environment.  -Applications included but were not limited to: Citrix, Cisco Systems VPN Adapter, Action Request Remedy, Macess, Facets, Visual  Cactus, Compuware Changepoint, Microsoft Office, Mobile Armor  -Delivered support via telephone, e-mail, remote control, and desk - side visits.  -Worked with the desktop Support team to provide a combination of hardware / software, break fix service and training requests.  -Imaged new computers utilizing Symantic Ghost.  -SME for Mobile Armor / Data Armor whole disk encryption system. (Acquired certification for product from vender.) Additional Information Key Strengths:    -Strong problem solving, decision making, written and verbal communications skills.  -Excellent technical and analytical abilities with a constructive interest in learning and applying my knowledge in information systems.  -Familiarity with SAS-70, SAS-16, Sarbanes Oxley Act (SOX) and HIPAA compliant workplaces.  -Currently possess United States security clearance (level ADP- II).