Night Auditor Night Auditor Vineland, NJ I have 21 years of experience, in the IT Field most recently as an IT Security Analyst at the Atlantic Club Casino  Hotel from January 2009 to January 2014.. I have also held the position of Senior/Lead Computer Operator and  Shift Computer Operator with the Atlantic Club Casino Hotel.    My skills and experience include: Help Desk, iSeries Operations, Tape Drives, CL Commands, System monitoring  and problem diagnostics, File and Library save and restores, IPL's PTF updates, Use of SQL Microsoft Office suite,  iSeries Auditing, iSeries access control, ACSC Application Security, Infinium Application Security, Stratton Warren  Application Security, and Kronos Application Security.    I hold a Certificate in Advanced System I Operations from IBM, I also hold a Certificate from Star Technical Institute  as a Specialized Clinical Specialist and Graduated from the United States Air Force Security Police Academy. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Night Auditor FantaSea Resorts - Atlantic City, NJ April 2016 to Present Greet guests upon arrival, check them in and provide them with any information they need to enjoy their stay  Audit and balance reports from the day shifts  Respond to guest inquiries, concerns and complaints as needed  Run EOD computer functions so they are complete by the end of the shift  Prepare guest bills for next-day checkouts and process reservation cards Balance cash drawers and record receipts   Facilitate the deposit of guests’ valuables in hotel safe IT Security Analyst Atlantic Club Casino Hotel - Atlantic City, NJ January 2008 to January 2014 Atlantic Club Casino Hotel, Atlantic City NJ 08401    IT Systems Security Analyst    Regulated access to computer data files, Monitored use of data files, Prevented unauthorized modification,  destruction, disclosure of information and deletion of information. Reviewed violations of computer security  procedures. Discussed procedures with violators. Authorized access to new users. Changed individual access  status. Performed security risk assessments on iSeries. Conferred with users to discuss problems access needs,  security violations, programming changes and new security protocols. Trained users in safe computer use.  Coordinated system implementation with other personnel and outside vendors. My accomplishments include:  Planned and deployed Power Compliance Monitor on the iSeries, Assisted in the updates to ACSC Infinium, and  Stratton Warren Application Security. Developed methods to safeguard computer files. Knowledge sets include:  Access management software, Active directory, Information security, iSeries auditing, Remote authentication for  dialup user service software, Microsoft office suite. Worked closely with Internal Auditors to address issues and  update Internal Controls. Worked closely with Division of Gaming Enforcement to address security violations.  Maintained a current Self Exclusion List database. Maintained and updated ACSC Security Matrix as required by  DGE.    Atlantic Club Casino Hotel, Atlantic City NJ 08401    Senior/Lead Computer Operator    Monitored iSeries for system errors. Responded to program errors and halt messages. Corrected computer issues.  Created and maintained user accounts. Logged computer operating time, system problems and actions taken.  Created system back-ups. Installed PTF's Performed system checks and preventative maintenance. Knowledge sets  include: Backup drives, Backup or archival software, Magnetic Tape media. FTP, Help desk IBM DB2, IBM system I,  JCL, Office suite software Microsoft Windows. SQL query. Updated operations procedures, and any other request  made by Operations Manager. Education Specialized Clinical Technician Star Technical Institute - Vineland, NJ 1983 to 1984 Practical Nursing Lindsey Hopkins Technical Education Center - Miami, FL 1979 to 1980 Criminal Justice/Law Community College of the Air Force KS 1977 to 1977 Certificate in Security/Law Enforcement Specialist USAF Security Police Academy - San Antonio, TX 1975 to 1976 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Supervisory (10+ years), SQL (5 years), As400 administration (5 years), compliance monitoring (5 years), IT Security Best Practices (5 years), Hardware Support (10+ years), Software Support (10+ years), Technical Support (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Auditing (5 years), PCI Compliance (5 years), SOX Compliance (5 years) Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 November 1975 to November 1979 Security Police Specialist Commendations: Air Force Good Conduct  Air Force Longevity  Expert Marksmanship Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ February 2015 to February 2018 Hardware and Software CompTIA Network+ May 2015 to May 2018 Networking CompTIA Security+ July 2015 to July 2018 IT Security Microsoft Certified Professional August 2015 to August 2017 Network Fundamentals  Security Fundamentals