Contract IT Security Administration Analyst Contract <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Administration <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Contract IT Security Administration Analyst - Duke Energy Tampa, FL • Network security  • File share security  • Cross domain access management  • Compliance analysis  • Network Architecture and Design  • Network Administration  • Active Directory Analysis and Implementation  • Windows Server 2003, Windows XP Professional, Windows 7, Windows 10 Mac OS 10  • Exchange 2007 administration  • RACF Mainframe user security  • Systems Analysis and Design  • MIS/ IT Policy authoring and process documentation  • General IT Support Specialist  • MS Office - All versions Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Contract IT Security Administration Analyst Duke Energy August 2011 to Present 2  Core responsibilities  • Responsible up to tier 3 user account administration in a Microsoft environment  • Respond to requests for user account processing and problem resolution via Remedy ITSM system  • User account change documentation for NERC CIP, SOX, and FERC compliance  • RACF mainframe user security  • Active directory and file share administration  • Exchange 2007 functional analyst  • MMC and Windows Server 2008 administration  • RSA SecurID administration for VPN access (2 factor authentication)  • Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) knowledge and usage  • Responsible for meeting service level agreements for internal business partners  • Participation in on call and after-hours rotation    About me  My daily routine consists of managing service requests and project work simultaneously. Our queue work consists of processing requests for file share access, creation of secondary active directory accounts, and most anything regarding user account objects. I also administer remote access with RSA SecurID. Many of my responsibilities include break/fix and troubleshooting requests. I also consult with other business partners for AD security related programs, projects, or questions.    I am required to create detailed documentation of any changes made for the purposes of compliance to federal regulation and auditing. Much of my project work consists of managing all external and internal secure FTP accounts. I am experienced in the proper handling of PI (personal information), HIPPA compliance, and NERC CIP regulations. I have almost seven years of Fortune 100 and regulated utility experience. I currently work with a team of similarly skilled individuals. I can, however, function independently and I would describe myself as a motivated self-starter. My primary goal is to resolve a customer's issue to their highest satisfaction. Education Associate of Science in Computer Network Technologies Tampa Technical Institute - Tampa, FL 2001 to 2003 Associate of Science in Computer Information Systems Tampa Technical Institute - Tampa, FL 1999 to 2001 Skills SOX; NERC CIP; FERC (7 years), Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security