IT Information Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Information Securty Analyst - Jackson-Dawson Communications Dearborn Heights, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Information Security Analyst Jackson-Dawson Communications - Dearborn, MI March 2011 to Present •Create, maintain and update as necessary the Application Control and Infrastructure Control Reviews  •Create, maintain, implement and test Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity Plans  •Coordinate company internal IT audit with third party auditors  •Conduct audit testing of specified area and determine compliance with company policies and procedures  •Verbally communicate findings to senior management and draft comprehensive and complete report of audit area  •Support organizational design and segregation of roles and definition of responsibilities  •Conduct communication and training efforts for employee IT security awareness and compliancy  •Support and engage senior managers and supervisors on current and future IT security issues and needs  •Review the suitability of internal control design  •Complete change management assessments of change impact to applications  •Track and report issues  •Define and measure success metrics and monitor change progress IT Administrator Almosawe Trading Establishment - Abu Dhabi September 2010 to January 2011 Abu Dhabi, UAE  • Upgrades, installs and troubleshoots networks, Networking hardware devices and software.  • Develops and documents system standards for computer and network devices.  • Recommend and schedule repairs to the LAN/WAN.  • Supporting, implementing and/or administrating networks such as Microsoft Windows Active Directory.  • Investigate user problems and needs, identify their source, and determine possible solutions. Registrar American University of Culture & Education August 2005 to June 2010 Lebanon  • Organize and administer the records, registration and graduation functions, including transcript evaluations and responsible for Scheduling of Courses.  • Monitor and report changes in enrollment.  • Responsible for collecting, recording, maintaining and reporting of student records, e.g., grades, registration data, transcripts, mid-term verification, athletic eligibility and other associated audits.  • Ensured compliance to all satisfactory academic progress policy regulations.  • Trouble shooter, research, analysis and resolution of student disputes as they relate to records and registration.  • Supervise the coordination, evaluation and certification of all graduation applications, while overseeing the complete graduation process to include all elements of the rehearsal and ceremony.  • Developed annual budgets for university registration process and analyzed productivity.  • Trained and supervised staff on college transfers policies and evaluations.  • Manage the Office of Admissions and Records for the college with student enrollment.  • Participated in college-wide decision-making, as member of the administrative committee composed of the president, dean of instruction, dean of student services, and associate deans. Education M.S in Computer Science C & E American University - Beirut July 2008 B.S in Computer Communication C & E American University - Beirut July 2005 Master's in Higher Administration Penn State University 2015 Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS    IT:   Over four years of creation/updates to the Application Control Review (ACR) and Infrastructure Control Review (ICR), Writing and managing IT policies, processes and procedures, Internal consultant on IT compliance issues, Creating and maintaining Disaster Recovery Plan & Business Continuity Plan, Salesforce – Change Management.    University:   In-depth understanding of admission and records procedures and policies from more than five years experience in the field. Developed effective interpersonal and communication skills, having dealt with a diversity of professionals, clients, and staff members. Profound experience in managing student management systems for university. Expert with MS Office.