Cyber security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber security Analyst - Top Group Technologies Lanham, MD I have 5 years of experience as an Information Security Analyst, I am knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework (RMF), Security Life Cycle, Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and vulnerabilities management using FISMA, and applicable NIST standards.    Tools/Skills    Nessus, Snort, Web Inspect, App Scan, Metasploit Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber security Analyst Top Group Technologies June 2015 to Present • Perform vulnerability assessment, ensuring risks are assessed and appropriate actions are taken to mitigate or resolve each.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures, as well as providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  • Ensure all Security Authorization documentation for assigned systems remains accurate and up to date on a continuous basis, including, but not limited to, accurate and valid lists of assets (hardware/software), accurate boundary diagrams, accurate ports and protocols, etc.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, produce, and support activities for IT Security Common Control Catalogs and related documentation including, but not limited to, Security Plans or other documents required.  • Compile, write, update, finalize, and produce all FISMA documentation and associated artifacts as required by Client in a manner compliant with all Federal security requirements and policies.  • Ascertain all FISMA documents are updated within 6 months of a new policy release.  • Manage the Interconnection Security Agreements for all systems, including creation, tracking, and vetting.  • Review all ISSO provided documentation for accuracy and relevancy, provide follow-up to ISSOs to ensure documents are properly completed.  • Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards. IT Security Specialist Smart Tech Inc January 2013 to June 2015 • Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es), Risk Assessments (RAs), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan, Plan of Action and Milestones (POAMs).  • Prepared Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  • Performed vulnerability assessment, making sure risks are assessed and proper, actions taken to mitigate them.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry standards.  • Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented key controls.  • Develop, review and evaluate Security Plan based on NIST Special Publications 800-18 • Investigates possible security breaches identified through review of audit reports and follows up accordingly with departments / management • Prepared and reviewed C&A package for Information Systems. Education Nursing RN associates Prince George's Community College Skills Cissp, Cyber Security, Nist, Siem, Information Security Certifications/Licenses Security + Present CAP Present