IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Preston Vector Security LLC Baltimore, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst Preston Vector Security LLC - Baltimore, MD July 2015 to Present Perform Security Assessments on assigned systems using the Risk Management Framework (RMF) guidelines.  ? Review provided or requested Artifacts and Plan of Action & Milestones (POAMs) to determine if controls are implemented correctly.  ? Performed scans through Nessus on operating systems and was held responsible for continuous monitoring of the system.  ? Enter information into the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and findings into the Security Assessment Report (SAR).  ? Scheduled security control meetings with specific organizational personnel.  ? Collaborate with other team members and system owners/ technical managers to schedule and conduct Kick-off meetings and interviews to discuss findings.  ? Provide weekly status reports.  ? Reviewed (SSP) System Security Plan to understand the blueprint of an organization's operational system. IT security Analyst ZeroFox - Baltimore, MD February 2013 to July 2015 Helped in developing, reviewing and updating Information Security System Policies.  ? Assisted team in performing vulnerability scanning with the support of Nessus scanning tool to detect potential risks on a single or multiple asset across the enterprise network.  ? Updated IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department and federal requirements.  ? Performed risk assessments, help review and update, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, and specific security documentation. (SA&A) Security Assessment and Authorization using NIST SP 800-53 rev4/FIPS 200 ( Security Controls), NIST SP 800-53A rev4 (Assessing Security Controls).  ? Assisted in monitoring controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements Mentor/Tutor Morgan State University Student Center - Baltimore, MD October 2012 to May 2013 Worked with a group of three or more students to teach art outreach with students  ? Assisted students with homework and school related assignments  ? Set up and implemented an after school program (3 nights a week, 5 hours per session)  ? Served as a guest lecturer and hosted a job-shadow event  ? Became a role model to scholars and developed strong relationships with students and families to ensure scholastic success  ? Helped expose scholars to alternative perspectives and many different form of support through programming Facilitator and Theater Tech/ IT security analyst intern Morgan State University Student Center - Baltimore, MD September 2008 to May 2013 Worked with cybersecurity team to assist in control assessments as well as system monitoring  ? Assisted team in SOC work to include vulnerability scanning as well.  ? Operated, maintained and safeguarded the technical assets of the theatre, including supervising the use of lighting, sound, communications equipment, and the use and maintenance of stage facilities.  ? Determined the necessary technical supports, such as lighting, sound, staging, and special needs, necessary for events and performances presented at the facility in advance of production dates.  ? Designed, set up, maintained, and operated lighting and sound systems for theatre, dance, music, and other productions and projects; assisted guest designers and arts with technical matters  ? Supervised and assisted with set and stage construction and management.  ? Monitored the condition of equipment including lighting, sound, and rigging equipment; arranged for the repair and replacement within budgetary constraints; performed preventive maintenance on equipment. Education Bachelor of Art in History Morgan State University - Baltimore, MD