IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Support Specialist Charlotte, NC I have Tier 1 Hardware support for retail stores and troubleshooting assistance for personal devices (iOS, Android) ,user training    Experience in troubleshooting retail stores equipment (NCR equipment, POS registers and peripherals, Look up terminals, wireless devices, desk phones), LAN, laser printers, AP’s, Cisco Switches, PBX, Cyberex. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst Carolina IT Professionals, Inc - Charlotte, NC 2015 to 2017 Worked from Lowes corporate headquarters providing tier1 hardware/network support for store employees by phone and email.   • Provided level 1 and 2 technical support for Lowes internal users.  • Ensured quick resolution of user concerns and escalated more complicated issues to helpdesk managers.  • Set up secure WiFi, LAN and VoIP networks at remote locations, leading client/server configuration and performance-tuning of crucial infrastructure to ensure seamless business operations. IT Analyst Insight Global - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2015 Worked with Family Dollar corporate, providing tier 1 hardware support for store employees by phone.  • Maintain and support systems, workstations using Remedy, mobile devices, printers and peripherals.  • Respond to user service requests; and resolve trouble tickets. Ensure system security for desktop, mobile and cloud environments iTunes Technical Advisor/ Account Security NCO group - Charlotte, NC February 2012 to 2013 While employed with NCO group I assisted customers via email, chat and telephone with technical and billing issues. We were contracted with Apple so I became very fluent in MAC and iOS software and hardware. I gained more experience with Data Entry, and became an expert at troubleshooting hardware and software problems. CSA - Customer Sales Associate Hewitt Associates - Charlotte, NC September 2009 to December 2009 While employed with Hewitt, i worked from a cubicle with a headset (inbound and outbound calls) and working on the computer. I assisted callers by informing them of their health benefits available to them provided by there employer. I also serviced them by troubleshooting with them to solve problems with their accounts and selecting and calculating their benefits for 2010. Although this position was seasonal, i worked to the best of my abilities as always and finished the job with an "assignment completed" i accomplished all that was necessary and more, and they were very pleased with my overall performance however I decided to leave the temporary field and pursue full time employment. Education High School Diploma Independence High - Charlotte, NC 2008 Art Education Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC Skills Peoplesoft, Active Directory, Microsoft word (8 years), Help Desk, Customer Service (10+ years), Typing (10+ years), Word (8 years), Call Center (5 years)