Security Control Assessor <span class="hl">Security</span> Control Assessor Security Control Assessor - EY Ernst & Young LLP Washington, DC FIPS 199, FIPS 200, NIST 800-53 Rev4, NIST 800-30, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-39, FISMA, Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Risk Assessment (RA), SSP, ISCP, ST&E, SAR, SAP, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization to Operate (ATO) Letter, MS Office, Proof Reading, Transcription of Meeting Minutes, SharePoint, Access, Nessus Vulnerability Scanning Tool, Splunk.   Risk Management Framework Professional, experience in federal government contracts, responds with a since of urgency, results driven, reliable, compliance, problem solver, team player, interpersonal, detail oriented, expert of excellent customer service, analytical skills, network/marketing, confidentiality, and teachable.   Skilled in communicating to meet performance and productivity requirements while ensuring compliance with policies and regulations.   Frequently receive notes of thanks and appreciation as a result of providing expeditious responses, either verbally or in writing. Work Experience Security Control Assessor EY Ernst & Young LLP May 2014 to Present ·        Perform Security Control Assessments on assigned systems using the Risk Management Framework (RMF) guidelines.  ·        Collaborate with other team members and system owners/technical managers to schedule and conduct kick-off meetings, and interviews to discuss findings.  ·        Review provided or requested artifacts and Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&Ms) to determine if controls are implemented correctly.  ·        Utilize NIST 800-53A and NIST 800-53 (Rev 4), to review implemented controls and enter information into the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and findings into the Security Assessment Report (SAR).  ·        Review technical security controls and provides implementation responses to meet requirements.  ·        Conduct interviews with key client stakeholders to evaluate the current information security practices.  ·        Review System Security Plan (SSP) and converting the SSP to latest templates for the assessment.  ·        Provide weekly status reports.  ·        Transcribe meeting minutes during monthly meetings and distribute them to all authorized personnel.  IT Security Analyst TSC Advantage - Silver Spring, MD February 2012 to May 2014 ·        Performed Security Control Assessment using the Risk Management Framework (RMF).  ·        Maintained effective relationships to enhance customer satisfaction.  ·        Analyzed and updated System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Monitored controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements.   ·        Documented findings within Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTMs) and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).   ·        Provided weekly status reports on ongoing tasks and deliverables.  ·        Reviewed System Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  ·        Conducted interviews with selected personnel, documented and evaluated business processes, and executed audit test programs to determine the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and compliance with regulations.  ·        Reviewed and analyzed Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scans for possible remediation.  ·        Assessed systems of varying scope and complexity and comprised of various technologies.   ·        Reviewed SAR documents for punctuation and grammatical errors.  ·        Transcribed meeting minutes during monthly meetings and distributed them to all authorized personnel.   ·        Reviewed and requested vulnerability scans from scan team personnel. Education Associate in Occupational Science Swedish Institute College of Health & Sciences - New York, NY January 2008 to June 2010 Skills FIPS 199, FIPS 200, NIST 800-53 Rev4, NIST 800-30, NIST 800-37, NIST 800-39, FISMA, Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Risk Assessment (RA), SSP, ISCP, ST&E, SAR, SAP, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization to Operate (ATO) Letter, MS Office, Proof Reading, Transcription of Meeting Minutes, SharePoint, Access, Nessus Vulnerability Scanning Tool, Splunk. (6 years), Customer Service, Security, Word, Organizational Skills Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ April 2019 to April 2022