Information Security Analyst/Engineer Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Engineer Information Security Analyst/Engineer - WR Berkley Wilmington, DE Work Experience Information Security Analyst/Engineer WR Berkley - Wilmington, DE September 2014 to Present Coordinated the security planning and delivery of multi-year, multi system solutions for multiple  operating units  • Regularly collaborated with business partners to define Security solutions to mitigate ongoing threats  • Proactively introduced security procedures and technologies to assertively protect internal and external  business threats  • Managed diagnosis, root-cause elimination activity, escalation, tracking and permanent resolution of complex incidents  • Lead SIEM alerting and use case implementation and corresponding incident response procedures  • On boarded and supported various MSSP vendors for the organization  • Continuously increased the visibility over the organization from a security perspective  • Participated in security/firewall policy configuration and implementation  • Implemented, monitored and reported suspicious file system activity with Varonis  • Key team contributor in vulnerability management efforts within the organization  • Actively involved in the security infrastructure implementation of new locations and operating units  • Participated in incident response activities and follow up activities  • Performed in depth network troubleshooting for items such as server miscommunication, anomalous  behavior and various user/system account issues  • Tasked with threat intelligence gathering and safeguard implementation directly related to found threats  • Addressed requests and incident tickets assigned to the InfoSec team  • Member of the rotating 24-hour on call rotation  • Mentored junior SOC analysts and interns during their onboarding period IT Security Administrator State of Delaware - Dover, DE April 2013 to September 2014 Pre-screened, approved and administered Firewall access rules for all State Agencies  ? Assisted in troubleshooting network access/communication issues for all State Agencies  ? Maintained, managed and administered SSLVPN access for all users in the State of Delaware  ? Lead administrator/contact for the Cyber Security Training program for the state agencies of Delaware.  ? Active participant in the resolution of security incidents.  ? Volunteered and presented a Cyber Security Awareness presentation to 4th grade students  Information Security Officer for DelDOT:  ? Primary point of contact for security issues within DelDOT and all of its sections  ? Responsible for all security aspects on a day to day basis. This includes implementation and monitoring of security controls on an operational basis  ? Tasked with identifying, improving and documenting all security request processes within each section of  DelDOT  ? Lead contact and administrator for the employee Security Awareness Training (Online Computer Based Education BS in Information Sciences and Technology Pennsylvania State University June 2010 Skills Information Security, It Security, SEC, Cyber Security