IT Security Sr. Consultant/Team Lead Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Sr. Consultant/Team Lead Engineer Network Security Engineer Mount Horeb, WI Goal oriented IT Security Professional with a strong commitment to providing solid solutions and dependable services to help businesses and organizations meet goals and expectations set forth by its’ customers, both internal and external. With this, comes a strong desire to further career goals and continue to gain experience in information security and networking in order to better meet the changing needs of businesses and organizations as they grow. Work Experience IT Security Sr. Consultant/Team Lead Engineer CUNA Mutual Group - Madison, WI November 2012 to Present • Working as a lead engineer of the network security engineering team providing level three support for technologies and processes that are owned by the engineering and design specifically, network security.  • Performed managerial tasks such as providing technical direction to other analysts, change management, project management, budgetary, licensing/software/hardware purchases, and design decisions  • Worked with architecture and senior leadership to remediate issues and deploy new solutions, often as part of larger departmental projects. Also involved in internal and external audits of solutions. IT Security Sr. Analyst/Engineer CUNA Mutual Group - Madison, WI October 2010 to November 2012 • Worked as a member of the security engineering team providing level three support for technologies and processes that are owned by the engineering and design specifically, network security.  • Worked with operations to deploy new security solutions and provide process improvements for solutions already deployed. Also involved in internal and external audits of solutions.  • Displayed dedication and ownership by stepping in to support the entire Network Security footprint when the lead engineer left the company.  • Helped bring in several new technologies and processes for web filtering, firewall change control, and VPN support that resulted in increased efficiency, reduced incident tickets, and faster incident resolution for level two and three issues.  • Demonstrate a continuously strong troubleshooting, issue, and conflict resolution skill set through various projects and issues across the IT organization. IT Security Analyst CUNA Mutual Group - Madison, WI November 2009 to October 2010 • Worked as a member of the security operations team providing level two support for technologies and processes that have officially been transitioned through a plan, build, run model.  • Worked with engineering to deploy new security solutions and provide process improvements for solutions already deployed.  • Displayed leadership skills by assisting with the on-boarding of two new employees  • Spearheaded several process improvements within the team that resulted in efficiency and reduced incident count. IT Security Administrator Quad/Graphics - Sussex, WI July 2007 to November 2009 • Worked as a member of the corporate information security operations team supporting a fast-paced, just-in-time production environment comprised of over 15,000 employees worldwide.  • Helped maintain all aspects of information security and windows network services by meeting operational, tactical, and strategic goals.  • Primary responsibilities are based on operational support needs along with architectural design and implementation of enterprise security solutions.  • Responsible for on-call functions that provide global security support to the business. IT Administrator Carlisle Interconnect Technologies (fka Electronic Cable Specialists) - Franklin, WI November 2005 to April 2007 • Interned as a Desktop Support Specialist and Assistant Network Administrator during a demanding transitional phase within the company's IT department.  • Performed daily duties of software installs/configurations, network/server maintenance as needed, hardware/software troubleshooting/repair, and technical documentation.  • Involved in projects such as license management, product research/evaluation/recommendation, and infrastructure upgrades. Education A.A.S. in Information Technology - Information Security Specialist Milwaukee Area Technical College - Milwaukee, WI A.A.S. in Information Technology – Network Specialist Milwaukee Area Technical College - Milwaukee, WI Skills TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY • Key Technologies Administered: Enterprise Proxies, Enterprise Firewalls, Log management appliances; Managed IDS solution, Enterprise Password Provisioning suite, Active Directory, Windows network services, SNMP Monitoring Tools, IPsec/SSL VPN appliances, Firewall Analyzer. • Additional Technologies Supported: Password vaulting, DLP, Radius, PKI, web application gateways, two-factor authentication. PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS • Projects: Core Network Refresh, Data Center Consolidation, Enterprise Web Proxy Refresh, Deployment of Managed Security Service Provider Solution, , Operational Transition Process, Involvement in PCI Segmentation, Security Awareness, Identity Verification Methodology, Incident Response, Logging Management, Managed IDS Implementation, Proxy Deployment • Projects Teams: SAS70 Certification, PCI Assessment and Certification, International and Domestic Mergers/Acquisitions/Divestitures, Large Network Segmentation Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/adam-gajewski/10/b38/434 Additional Information ADDITIONAL EDUCATION, TRAINING, INVOLVEMENT, AND MERITS  • Instructor led Cisco ASA Training, Juniper Firewall and IDS training, Check Point Training  • Instructor led courses: CISSP, SANS - Implementing and Auditing the Top 20 Security Controls  • ITIL V3 Certified  • UW E-Business Consortium Active Member  • CUNA Mutual Group IT Agility Award – Nominated and selected from 400+ IT employees.