IT Auditor <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor IT Auditor - Whirlpool Corporation IT Audit professional with 2 years of experience encompassing IT audit and business process reviews.  Specialized skills in SAP security, business process risk assessments and Sarbanes- Oxley controls design  and effectiveness testing. Demonstrated leadership by performing the in-charge Senior role on several  engagements. CISA certified. MS in Engineering Management. Self-driven individual with the objective  to work in a challenging environment that enables me to use my IT audit knowledge. Work Experience IT Auditor Whirlpool Corporation October 2011 to Present Michigan August 2016- Present  Managed audit engagements, responsible for planning, supervising, and concluding IT audits by performing risk assessments to tailor audit programs to audit objectives.  Contributed dynamic leadership skills by leading audits and conducting fieldwork, assessing risk factors and key controls activities.  Managed and planned Sarbanes- Oxley controls design and effectiveness testing.  Assessed, identified and tested internal control design such as general application controls, system  controls, performed analytical reviews, and substantive testing.  Validate control compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and other IT regulations such as PCI, HIPAA.  Establish relationships with information owners to obtain direct access to data sources for use in audit  analytic projects.  Key Achievements:  Streamlined audit documentation methodology resulting in savings of 27K annually for Internal Audit as part of CI implementation by implementing AODocs.  Lead a successful critical remediation project ensuring Firefighters were in place as a financial and operational control in SAP GRC. Business Analyst Whirlpool Corporation - Tampa, FL November 2014 to December 2015 Establish relationships with information owners to obtain direct access to data sources for use in audit  analytic projects.  Acted as a technical advisor to the Director to facilitate all newly proposed/initiated technical projects.  Gathered requirements with business owners to develop solutions.  Performed Gap Analysis for existing system and evaluated benefits for the new system.  Presented to the the executive management team documenting the business status, current  performance and pending business initiatives.  Experienced in efficient requirement gathering with business owners to develop solutions.  Key Achievements:  Identified, developed and defined strategic plans, business cases and transition plans for adopting latest  technologies. SAP Security Analyst Whirlpool Corporation - IN October 2011 to May 2014 Performed maintenance, administration and creation of roles, profiles and authorizations.  Skilled in using GRC Access Control 5.3 and GRC 10.0 to meet Sarbanes-Oxley compliance requirement.  PFCG proficient with a thorough understanding of SU24, and helped provide emergency access to  Firefighters.  Monitored risks by role maintenance and created transport requests for roles.  Identified authorization related issues of end users for R/3 and help trace missing authorizations. Education MASTER OF SCIENCE in ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA June 2017 BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING in ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS SIR M VISVESVARAYA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY May 2011 Skills SAP (7 years), SARBANES-OXLEY (SOX) (7 years), PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY (6 years), PCI (6 years), COBIT (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/vidya-pillai-cisa-285790a6 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Framework: COBIT, SOX, SSAE16, SOC2, ISO 27001, PCI/DSS  SAP Governance Risk and Compliance -SAP GRC 5.3/10.0, GRC Accelus  Languages and Tools: C, Microsoft Office