Sr. IT Security Compliance Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Compliance Analyst - Oldcastle Architectural Product Group Atlanta, GA A committed compliance auditor with an ability to implement and assess effective auditing procedures. Proven ability to manage multiple projects with competing priorities, and concurrent deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Security Compliance Analyst Oldcastle Architectural Product Group - Atlanta, GA March 2016 to Present • Lead the organization through internal and external audits for IT SOX compliance.  • Worked closely with management to ensure controls are executed correctly and evidence is accurately compiled in preparation for audits or compliance checks.  • Performed security compliance assessments on controls, processes and reported deficiencies to management.  • Identified key controls applicable to the business and ensured the controls were achievable in order to attain 100% compliance.  • Developed strong recommendations for remediating findings to reduce risk and ensure compliance.  • Lead the organization through PCI DSS certification including the development and implementation of Policies and Procedures.  • Designed and implemented a Risk Management Framework derived from NIST and ISO standards. Risk Assurance Experienced Associate PricewaterhouseCoopers - Tampa January 2015 to February 2016 • Performed various walkthroughs and testing of entity-level controls, change controls, access controls, automated controls, process related controls, and other general controls such as disaster recovery, backups, and business continuity to ensure IT assets are adequately safeguarded.  • Performed audits of various operating systems, databases and applications, including but not limited to SAP, Windows 2000 and Active Directory, UNIX, Oracle and proprietary technologies.  • Coordinated with IT department and external auditors for SOX IT testing.  • Reported non-compliant findings and remediation status to IT management. Associate Process Engineer - IT Compliance Analyst WellCare Health Plans, Inc November 2012 to December 2014 • Conducted risk assessments of IT applications, systems and processes.  • Reviewed systems for adequate management controls, efficiency, and compliance with policies and standards.  • Coordinated with IT department and external auditors for SOX IT testing.  • Coordinated with various departments to create remediation plans for deficiencies found during audits and compliance checks.  • Performed internal and external IT risk assessments, conducted gap analysis against industry standards, and provided recommendations on mitigation options.  • Created documentation and performed assessments of compliance risks and internal IT controls.    • Maintained Internal IT control and audit program narrative for all in scope SOX systems.    • Provided change consulting and hands-on effort to define, scope, and implement company-wide business process refinement strategies, plans, and solutions. Education Masters of Science in Management Information Systems University of South Florida - Tampa, FL December 2014 Bachelor of Science in Economics University of Florida - Gainesville, FL August 2009 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) June 2016 to Present