Operations Manager Operations Manager Operations Manager - SOGECARTE S.A Port Saint Lucie, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Operations Manager SOGECARTE S.A February 2016 to Present Design and implement credit card operations policies and procedures and recommend  changes to increase efficiency.  • Manage and coordinate operational activities and support for Prepaid and Credit Card  Operations.  • Participate in the development and enhancement of equipment and software which will support the products and services.  • Participate in project task force to represent the department on training or systems  needs.  • Interface with Sogebank IT department, Central Bank, software vendors, Mastercard,  Visa to resolve customer service issues, following up with resolution of problems to ensure timely response.  • Supervise the Software Development and Help Desk team.  • Ensure that all the system reports are sent to the relevant departments on a daily basis.  Main projects: National Payment Processing Switch (with the Central Bank), Mastercard  Automatic Billing Updater, EMV issuing and acquiring (Visa and Mastercard), 3D Secure for issuer, Credit Card portfolio Conversion from  USD to HTG.  Technology used: IBM Power System, IBM Data Studio, iSeries Navigator, CL, T-SQL,  MS Access, PHP, MySQL, Mastercard Authorization Simulator, Mastercard  Debit Financial Simulator IT Security Analyst SOGEBANK S.A August 2013 to January 2016 Plan and implement security measures to protect the Core Banking and the Card  Management System.  • Monitor and control security access to the financial applications.  • Conduct security configuration on the IBM i servers.  • Fix detected vulnerabilities to maintain a high- security standard on the IBM i servers.  • Perform investigation on request.  • Research security enhancements and make recommandations to management.  • Document new security policies and procedures.  Main projects: Implementation of the System Security Journal on the IBM i servers  (Technical lead), Upgrade of the Card Management System, Upgrade of the Internet Banking, Upgrade of the Core Banking, Upgrade of the AS400  servers  Technology used: IBM System i, IBM Power System, IBM Data Studio, iSeries  Navigator, HMC, IBM TS3500 Tape Library, CL, T-SQL, MS Access Programmer Analyst SOLUTIONS S.A November 2012 to July 2013 • Develop, modify and maintain assigned programs.  • Monitor the operation of assigned programs and respond to problems by diagnosing  and correcting errors in logic and coding.  Technology used: PHP, MySQL, SQL Server Education MicroMasters COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY June 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Electronic Engineering in Electronic Engineering UNIVERSITE D'ETAT D'HAITI - Faculté des Sciences October 2008 to August 2012 Skills MAS (Less than 1 year), PHP (6 years), project management (Less than 1 year), Security (2 years), Simulator (2 years), As400 (5 years), Operation Additional Information Experienced and driven IT professional with more than 5 years working in the financial industry. Proven  skills in project management, IBM Power Systems (AS/400), IBM DB2, CL programming, MS SQL server,  MySQL and PHP with a solid background in the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and the ISO 8583  standard. Experience also includes managing sensitive materials and confidential data.    Skills and Certifications    Certificate:  • Mastercard Authorization Simulator (MAS) - Mastercard - April 2017  • Mastercard Debit Financial Simulator (MCPS) - Mastercard - April 2017  • Mastercard Clearing Presentment Simulator (MCPS) - Mastercard - April 2017  • PHP - Zend Technologies, Inc - October 2015  • Zend Server - Zend Technologies, Inc - October 2015  • Zend Framework 2 - Zend Technologies, Inc - October 2015  • IBM i System Administration - Enskill - May 2015  • RPG programming - Enskill - May 2015  • IBM i Security Fundamentals - Enskill - February 2015  • Control Language Programming - Enskill - February 2015  • Project Management - Ecole Central de Lille - February 2015