Sr. Cyber Security Analyst Sr. Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. Cyber Security Analyst - Dell, Secureworks New York, NY I am a IT security professional with a focus on Information Security and years of experience supporting computer systems, software and networks. I troubleshoot and diagnose technical issues and ensure that timely resolutions are provided. Work Experience Sr. Cyber Security Analyst Dell, Secureworks September 2017 to Present • Perform remediation strategies as a result of threat and vulnerability assessments or audits.  • Develop and improve KPI's, metrics, and trend analysis for vulnerability management functions.  • Patch, Update, and apply security software to systems  • Understand and advise on enterprise policies and technical standards with specific regard to vulnerability management and secure configuration.  • Use risk-based approach to analyze company vulnerability data against open/closed information sources to best prioritize vulnerability hygiene activities.  • Recommend, schedule and apply patches, remove or otherwise mitigate known control weaknesses  • Prepare and analyze security incident and event data reporting  • Develop and maintain documentation for security systems, procedures and security diagrams  • Research, recommend, evaluate and implement information security solutions  • Monitor and analyze unusual or suspicious activity and make recommendations for resolution  • Serve on projects and initiatives to develop, plan and implement network and distributed system security technologies Security Analyst ETrade Financial November 2016 to September 2017 • Demonstrated knowledge of networking concepts and devices (Firewalls, Routers, Switches, Load Balancers, etc.)  • Ensures authorized access by investigating improper access; revoking access; reporting violations; monitoring information requests by new programming; recommending improvements.  • Evaluate, configure, implement, administer, maintain and upgrade (as applicable) security tools with oversight provided by federal staff.  • Safeguards computer files by performing regular backups; developing procedures for source code management and disaster preparedness; recommending improvements.  • Prioritize and differentiate between potential intrusion attempts and false alarms.  • Perform system/network defense incident triage, to include determining scope, urgency, and potential impact.  • Perform installation and configuration management of security systems and applications, including policy assessment and compliance tools, network security and host-based security systems  • Locate and repair security problems and failures IT Support Analyst Visttech July 2013 to November 2016 • Assists the customer in resolving complex technical problems on a primary account by providing guidance regarding software and hardware problems. Resolves and/or refers highly complex technical problems as appropriate.  • Testing. Troubleshooting, and coordinated deployment of agent installations across the enterprise.  • Ability to implement various re-imaging strategies.  • Trouble shoot and test for laptop, kiosk, printer, phone and network issues  • Assisting in deploying and configuring new laptops, desktops, printers, multifunction devices, etc.  • Escalate issues to the appropriate group and assist in the resolution of complex issues  TECHNOLOGY  IBM QRadar  Carbon Black  Active Directory  Intrusion Detection and Prevention  McAfee Security  Symantec Endpoint Protection  LINUX \ UNIX  Remedy Ticketing System  Single Sign On (SSO)  Basic HTML, CSS, and JavaScript  Qualys/Qualysguard  Kali Linux  IOS / Android  Hyper-V  SQL Education Diploma Kennesaw Mountain High School Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Siem, Nist, It Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ Present Additional Information Vulnerability Management  Patch & Remediation Management  SIEM/Splunk  Malware Removal  Anti-Virus Adminstration  Remote User Support  Firewall Administration  Incident Response Lifecycle  Antivirus software  Endpoint Security  Hardware and Software Upgrades  Application and Device Hardening  Compliance Standards  Inventory Audits  User Account Provisioning  Incident Handling Procedures  Identity & Access Management  Risk Control Assessment  Security Information Event Monitoring  Managed Security Services  CEH in progress