IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Cyber Elites Technologies Alpharetta, GA Seeking an Information System Auditor or Information Assurance position in a growth oriented organization with focus on FISMA, Sarbanes-Oxley 404, system security monitoring and auditing; risk assessments; audit engagements, testing information technology controls and developing security policies, procedures and guidelines    STANDARDS  COSO/COBIT, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SAS-70/SSAE 16, ITIL, ISO 27001, Privacy Act of 1974, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB), Certification and Accreditation, Project Management, Change Management, OMB Circular A-130 Appendix III, NIST 800-53, NSA Guide, FIPS, STIG, FISMA, FISCAM Work Experience IT Security Analyst Cyber Elites Technologies November 2015 to Present GA (on contract)    • Conducted a kick off meeting in order to categorize systems according to NIST requirements of Low, Moderate or High system  • Developed a security baseline controls and test plan that was used to assess implemented security controls  • Conducted a security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) was developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M)  • Assisted in the development of rules of engagement documentation in order to facilitate the scanning of agency network, applications and databases for vulnerabilities  • Developed a risk assessment report. This report identified threats and vulnerabilities applicable to F systems. In addition, it also evaluates the likelihood that vulnerability can be exploited, assesses the impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities, and identified the overall risk level  • Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help agencies in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure continued effectiveness of all security controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions  • Led in the development of Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the Information System Security Officers (ISSOs), the System Owner, the Information Owners and the Privacy Act Officer  • Developed an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication)  • Developed a system security plan to provide an overview of federal information system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by agencies to meet those requirements Data Entry Analyst Skye Bank Plc June 2009 to October 2012 Nigeria    • Maintained database by entering and updated customer and account information.  • Prepared source data for computer entry by compiling and sorting information; establishing entry priorities.  • Maintained data entry requirements by following data program techniques and procedures  • Secured information by completing data base backups.  • Maintained operations by following policies and procedures; reporting needed changes.  • Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Education Bachelor of Science in Public Relations and Advertising Lagos State University Skills Information Security, It Security, Cyber Security Additional Information I am specialized in areas such as Cyber security, Information Assurance (IA), Certification and Accreditation (C&A), Risk Management, Authentication & Access Control, System Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Physical and environmental security, Project Management, Incident Response, and Disaster Recovery. I possess a strong managerial skill, excellent in relation building and developing strategic partnership. I am an expert in FISMA compliance, Security Training, developing security policies, procedures and guidelines. I am highly adaptive and have superior analytical and organizational skills as well as familiar with a wide variety of applications, databases, operating systems and network devices. I am a fast learner, have the ability to multi-task, and can also work independently and as a contributing team member. I have a strong verbal/written communication skills and Technical Writing skills. I have over three (3) years of experience in information security IT audit industry.