IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Looking for ways to improve technology for all. Rock Hill, SC The first thing that you should know about me is that I am a constant learner. As I learn something new I begin teaching it. I love to gain new insight whether its technology or culture. I learn best by challenging myself in something that I have never done before, so I am constantly pushing myself to solve problems in new ways. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Carolinas Healthcare System - Charlotte, NC January 2014 to Present Worked on the team responsible for pilot testing all of our integrated mobile applications for providers and executives. As a part of the team I provided quality assurance testing for IBM Mobile Client and Mass360 clients. As a part of this role I create database support articles on current issues in both integration and development phases. In the role I also developed and delivered training for all support groups. I also delivered system application integration meetings to discuss future products and how they can work in our system. Project Analyst Carolinas Healthcare System - Charlotte, NC January 2013 to January 2014 In this role I acted as the direct report for all IT troubleshooting, maintenance of systems, facilitation of projects in networking and deployment of iOS/Mac OSX products. I developed test environments and deployment images for testing our robust applications throughout our various teams. I have successfully lead multiple large client role outs for our 25,000 plus Apple user environment. Lead multiple team meetings on integrating new technology to support the ever growing healthcare system. Genius Apple Inc. November 2007 to January 2013 In this role I built customer relationships through Face-To-Face technical support through a variety of users, from novice to expert. I developed troubleshooting theory to understand complex technical problems, then translating into layman's terms for customers. I supported Apple Engineering through bug escalations and troubleshooting of new products. I created commonly used troubleshooting steps/tools to speed up turn around time for customers. Gained the ability to learn quickly as new problems arose to support multiple teams and stores. Education Bachelor's in Business DeVry University 2011 Skills Hardware: Apple Certified Macintosh Technician, iPad/iPhone/iPod, Macintosh, Samsung, HP, Dell, XServe Server. Software: iOS, OSX, Exchange, MS Project, Adobe, Basic C/Obj C, Android, Apple Script, OSX Server.