Senior Risk & Compliance Analyst Senior Risk &amp; Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Risk & Compliance Analyst - Indian Health Services (IHS) Germantown, MD Work Experience Senior Risk & Compliance Analyst Indian Health Services (IHS) - Rockville, MD November 2014 to Present Facilitate timely identification, communication and recommended resolutions of security risks within assigned systems  ? Develop and maintain C&A documentations, including System Security Plans, Contingency Plans, Risk Assessment Reports and evaluated existing documents and their accuracy  ? Perform Contingency Plan Test and Training to ensure systems' recoverability as defined in IT systems security requirements  ? Develop POA&M (Plan Of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test & Evaluation)  ? Prepare and review Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA) for various systems  ? Create remediation strategies for weaknesses based on priorities  ? Review and update FIPS 199 (SP 800-60), Initial Risk Assessment (SP 800-37), E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, ST&E, POAM as part of the Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A).  ? Prepare Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards. IT Security Analyst Small Business Administration - Washington, DC August 2011 to November 2014 Directly responsible for the final approval of the SBA in-house system approval process.  ? Implemented the NIST Cyber security risk based framework (FIPS and 800 series special practices). Working with System and Data Owners to develop security artifacts (e.g., SSPs, PIA, SRA, etc.).  ? Performed Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) - technical controls, document review, and management interviews.  ? Facilitated and participated in assessments and authorizations (certification & accreditation), compliance reviews, architecture reviews, trainings, plans of action & milestone resolutions, and reports on program status.  ? Assisted in risk and vulnerability assessments of planned and installed information systems to identify vulnerabilities, risks, and protection needs.  ? Liaised with Database administrators to provide fixes for vulnerabilities identified in systems.  ? Served as a security Risk Consultant to Client regarding Security Risk and Compliance processes.  ? Performed all activities of certification and accreditation (C&A) effort for information systems as well as site accreditations.  ? Updated IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to private and federal requirements.  ? Held kick-off meetings with system owners prior to assessment engagements  ? Prepared and submitted Security Assessment Plan (SAP) to ISO for approval  ? Developed and updated system security plan (SSP), plan of action and milestone (POA&M) in CSAM  ? Reviewed security logs to ensure compliance with policies and procedures and identifies potential anomalies  ? Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es), Risk assessments (RAs), Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contingency Plan, Plan of Action and Milestones (POAMs)  ? Conducted IT controls risk assessments (NIST 800-53A) including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with NIST standards  ? Managed and coordinated Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&Ms) for DSS accredited approved classified systems. Information Security Analyst Foods & Drugs Administration - Rockville, MD July 2009 to August 2011 Assisted business units with understanding the risks associated with using a particular vendor and recommending solutions to reduce or eliminate risk.  ? Prepared written reports after the completion of the assessment  ? Categorized systems based on SP -800-60 in order to select the appropriate NIST recommended control SP 800-53.  ? Developed, reviewed and updated Information Security System Policies and System Security Plans (SSP) in accordance with NIST, FISMA and industry best security practices.  ? Performed Assessment and Authorization in compliance with FISMA/NIST Standards.  ? Identified vulnerabilities, recommend corrective measures and ensure the adequacy of existing information security controls  ? Reviewed and conducted audits to ensure information systems maintained the compliance baseline.  ? Reviewed system-level documentation to ensure system security requirements, including SA&A is incorporated.  ? Participated in the development and/or review of System Security Plans (SSP).  ? Liaised with ISSO to update POA&M and to ensure that all findings from the SAR are entered into the POA&M to be remediated.  ? Coordinated with appropriate personnel to run vulnerability scans on a regular basis and ensure timely remediation actions.  ? Reviewed, analyzed, and researched scan findings and coordinated remediation efforts in a timely fashion.  ? Liaised with audit team to investigate and respond to Financial and/or IG Audits.  ? Performed IT risk assessment and document the system security keys controls.  ? Reviewed and revised System Security Plan (SSP), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), and the Plan Of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Hood College - Frederick, MD May 2013 Additional Information Core Skills  ? Performed comprehensive assessments and write reviews of management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems  ? Develop and conduct ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A and NIST SP 800-53R4  ? Compiled data to complete Residual Risk Report and to insert contents into the POA&M  ? Ability to multi-task, work independently and as part of a team  ? Strong analytical and quantitative skills  ? Effective interpersonal and verbal/written communication skills  ? Security Life Cycle and Vulnerability Management, using FISMA and applicable NIST standards.  ? Detailed knowledge of security tools, technologies and best practices with more emphasis on Sarbanes-Oxley 404, COSO, COBIT, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, SAS-70, SSAE 16 and ISO 27001/2.  ? Over five years of experience in system security monitoring, auditing and evaluation, C&A and Risk Assessment of GSS (General Support Systems) and MA (Major Applications).  ? Performed Certification and Accreditation documentation in compliance with company standards  ? Developed, reviewed and evaluated System Security Plan based NIST Special Publications    Technical skills  Security Technologies: Retina Network Security Scanner, Nessus, Anti-Virus Tools, Web Inspect, Nessus,  Systems: Unix-Based Systems, Windows 9X/NT/2000/XP,  Networking: LANs, WANs, VPNs, Routers/Switches, Firewalls, TCP/IP  Software/Artifacts: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook), MS Project, CSAM, FIPS 199, SORN, E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, RA, SSP, CP, CIPT, ST&E, SAR, POA&M, ATO, 800-53A, ISA, MOU, CSAM.  Databases: MYSQL, Access, SharePoint, Oracle