Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Top Group Technologies Washington, DC Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Top Group Tech - St. Louis, MO June 2016 to Present Update and analyze System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M)  ? Support System Owners and ISSO in preparing Certification and Accreditation package for companies IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4  ? Designate systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60  ? Perform Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A)  ? Perform Vulnerability Assessment. Make sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper action have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems  ? Create standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages  ? Performing I.T controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) Associate Network Analyst Intec Logic Global - Worcester, MA December 2015 to June 2016 Configuration and support of network using Cisco routers, switches. LAN, WAN, DNS, TCP/IP, WLAN, NAT, OSPF, EIGRP, Port Channels  ? R&S Network Services (HSRP, GLBP, VRRP, NTP, DHCP, DNS, NAT, Syslog, SNMP)  ? Troubleshooting the network and cabling when needed  ? Provided telephone, email support and field support to internal customers and colleagues providing an excellent level of service.  ? Ensured that the Web Help Desk system is updated in a timely manner so that the status of logged calls can be monitored and problem reporting can be done effectively. This includes recording time taken to complete calls.  ? Ensured that all daily tasks are carried out according to the agreed IT Security Analyst Matrix Solutions - Houston, TX October 2013 to December 2015 Documented and managed Risks in accordance with SP 800-30 and SP 800-37 using nine steps to evaluate the threats, vulnerabilities and security controls surrounding the Information System as well as the likelihood of an exploit and the impact it will have to systems operations.  ? Responsible for monitoring compliance with information security policies by coaching others within the organization on acceptable uses of information technology and how to protect organization systems  ? Prepared and reviewed Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA) for over 1200 systems and facilities  ? Collected and evaluated assessment artifacts in order to determine compliance with the NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 control requirements  ? Participated in the FIPS 199 process in which security categorization takes place, and selecting the technical, operational and managerial controls using NIST SP 800-60 guidelines.  ? Developed POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test & Evaluation) Education B.Sc. in Insurance in Insurance Lagos State Polytechnic - Lagos, NG May 2000 Skills SECURITY (4 years), LIFE CYCLE, SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT, RISK ASSESSMENT (2 years), VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT (2 years), Cyber Security, Information Security, Nist Additional Information Area of Expertise    ? Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  ? IT Security Compliance  ? Vulnerability Assessment  ? Network Vulnerability Scanning  ? Systems Risk Assessment  ? Systems Development Life Cycle