IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer - Inscope International Burtonsville, MD DEDICATION | LEADERSHIP | ETHICS  Extensive background and experience in Federal Information Security Management, IT infrastructures, and maintenance of large information systems. Extensive experience using the appropriate tools to assess and analyze existing applications for system weaknesses and vulnerabilities, and implementing techniques for mitigating security threats and risks. Hands-on experience in implementation of the Plans of Actions and Milestones / Corrective Action Plans, as well as remediation of the documented threats and vulnerabilities. An expert in the field of risk-based certification and accreditation using various flavors of the State, Federal, as well as International Cybersecurity frameworks (e.g. NIST RMF, FedRAMP, HIPAA, PCI DSS, ISO 27001, SOX, COSO/COBIT etc.) Immensely knowledgeable of industry standards and proven track record of implementing the necessary controls to ensure compliance. Work Experience IT Security Engineer Inscope International - Silver Spring, MD May 2017 to Present • Provide security analysis, technical support and assist with the development of new National Weather Service (NWS) security policy directives.  • Responsible for risk management activities such as tracking Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  • Supporting Assessment and Authorization (A&A) activities such security control assessments.  • Provide support to stakeholders to deploy enterprise vulnerability management tools (WebInspect, IBM BigFix, ).  • Manage, administer and provide support for end users of Tenable Security Center.  • Work with stakeholders to ensure the identified weaknesses from vulnerability scans are remediated in accordance with NWS defined remediation time frames.  • Provide support to NWS management to implement the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) program across NWS.  • Creating standard templates and policy guidance documents to key stakeholders (ISSO, ISO).  • Collaborating with NWS Federal security managers to develop enterprise-wide solutions for security issues affecting NWS. IT Security Specialist PWC Consulting - Washington, DC March 2015 to May 2017 • Managed the information security function in accordance with the established policies and guidelines.  • Established and maintained information security policies, procedures, and guidelines pursuant to NOAA, as well as, State and Federal laws and regulations such as the Federal Information Security Act (FISMA), Office of Management and Budget (OMB) memorandums, and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Binding Operational Directives.  • Assessed security and privacy controls using the NIST SP 800-53A publication guideline.  • Reviewed security policy documents and make recommendations on documentation compliant.  • Conducted and performed continuous monitoring pursuant to NIST Guidelines requirements.  • Provided impact analysis for updates and version changes required by the NIST Security Publications and FISMA Notices  • Responsible for tasks related to the system Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and follow the Government IT security policies and standards. Senior IT Auditor Walk2Learn International - Beltsville, MD July 2012 to February 2015 • Performed information system and integrated audits to assess the adequacy of internal controls, validate compliance with regulatory standards and identify opportunities to streamline operational processes.  • Coordinated data collection, analysis and reporting for IT Security Data Calls, FOIA Requests, and Incident reports.  • Assessed the controls, reliability and integrity of the company's systems and data to assist with maintaining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and corporate governance.  • Worked with CISO to plan engagement strategy, define objectives, and address technology-related controls risks and issues.  • Ensure documentation reflects current control environment for Key Controls, Non-Key Controls, and Issues (with related Management Action Plans)  • Assisted management with incident response (CSIR) as well as determining the nature of incidents such as computer intrusion, distributed denial of service (DDOS) and working with senior management on mitigation risk strategies and remediation. IT Security Analyst Deloitte Consulting - Washington, DC August 2011 to July 2012 • Provided expertise on technical services including all aspects of information security.  • Conduct IT risk assessments to identify system threats.  • Assessed system design and security posture as well as advising information security compliance with FISMA and NIST SP 800-53 controls.  • Performed maintenance and advanced configuration of systems in order to protect systems from emerging cyber threats.  • Provided mitigation strategies and recommendations to key stake holders to enhance their security posture.    LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE  SGA Bowie, MD  Executive Member-at-Large  • Student representation in the judicial processes of the University.  • Ensure undergraduate students' roles and responsibilities in overall university governance. Education Master of Cybersecurity Technology in Cybersecurity Technology University of Maryland University College - College Park, MD Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Bowie State University - Bowie, MD