IT Security Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Consultant IT Security Consultant Bridgewater, NJ Information Security Analyst with over 10 years experience with access management and access control for the financial services industry. A professional analyst who can work independently with minimal supervision to achieve team goals and yet have excellent ability to communicate and establish rapport with clients, team members, and management staff. A leader with a deep understanding of information security risk analysis and access control methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Consultant MUFG - Jersey City, NJ July 2017 to September 2017 Risk Analyst collaborating with application stake holders to produce Security Access Profiles of team member access to applications. IT Security Consultant TIAA - Iselin, NJ January 2017 to May 2017 Senior IT Security Engineer migrating the financial firms UNIX/Linux hosts from SUDO rules to BoKS access control and privileged command execution. Successfully deployed BoKS on 80% - 90% of customer facing hosts.  ? Architect access rights and privileged roles in BoKS by leveraging both data analysis (who's connecting to the hosts, what privileges they elevate to, and what programs they execute) and interfacing with the application support teams and business users to convert their requirements to BoKS access routes.  ? Facilitated user data analysis by developing Perl scripts to extract local account records, SSH connectivity, and SUDO privilege rules. The data collected facilitated creating user access rights and user roles.  ? Implemented MFA in BoKS for privileged users with RSA SecurID. IT Security Consultant Wells Fargo & Co - San Francisco, CA July 2016 to January 2017 BoKS SME providing end user support and deployment support for new server builds.  ? Documented relationships between user classes, host groups, hosts, and application IDs.  ? Interface with business partners and BoKS operations support for requesting new access to hosts, applications, and prvileged access.  ? Assist business partners with investigating and suggesting corrective actions for solving BoKS related access issues. IT Security Consultant Deutsche Bank - Jersey City, NJ October 2012 to March 2016 Lead UNIX Security Analyst implementing SSH access control on the Bank's production servers consisting of over 15,000 Linux, Solaris, and AIX physical and VM hosts thereby ensuring the Bank complies with regulatory controls and internal audit requirements.  ? This control is implemented by locking down production servers where SSH public key management is placed under a central authority disallowing users the ability to create their own keys; a Change Management request would be required to any make any alterations or additions of public keys.  ? Improved lock down implementation results by 30% - 40% greatly lessening the role out time to the Bank's production servers. This was realized by diligently reviewing the logs of the implementation scripts, determining what code changes needed to be modified, and promoting these changes to the implementation scripts.  ? Simplified the task of maintaining the SSH security database with the Bank's server database with Perl and Python scripts. This dramatically decreased maintenance time and errors by necessitating the manual maintenance of only one database. The SSH security database will automatically receive updates if servers are added, decommissioned, or re-purposed. IT Security Consultant Royal Bank of Scotland - Jersey City, NJ June 2012 to September 2012 UNIX Security Analyst involved with the relocation of a data center from New Jersey to Connecticut and responsible for ensuring all RBAC rules, UNIX Ids, and hosts and associated host groups are properly migrated from BoKS to Centrify.  ? Subject Matter Expert (SME) for BoKS leading the technical team responsible for converting BoKS security database to Centrify ensuring all IAM and RBAC Access Control Lists (ACL) were migrated to the new system.  ? Facilitated migrating all hosts, access rules, and UNIX Ids with Perl modules. These utilities processed the BoKS security database dump and produced comprehensive, coherent reports of hosts and their assigned host groups and users with their associated ACL. This greatly simplified the migration process. Tech Ops Analyst JPMORGAN CHASE & COMPANY - Jersey City, NJ September 2006 to August 2011 Production Support Lead Analyst providing IAM and RBAC L2 incident management and support for CA eTrust Access Control and FoxT BoKS on AIX, RHES, SLES, and Solaris for the Bear Stearns and JP Morgan Chase production UNIX servers.  ? Facilitated UNIX security administration by taking the initiative to design and develop Perl utilities for administering UNIX security. Utilizing these utilities in the production environment proved very successful by expediting the resolution of many L2 UNIX security trouble tickets and enhancing the ability to adhere to the SLA for these tickets.  ? Operations team leader for the Bear Stearns' UNIX security infrastructure wherein round-the-clock on-call support was provided and class room instructions of the BSC eTrust infrastructure was provided to JPMC colleagues.  ? Instrumental in resolving many BSC P1 issues including a production outage during the Q3 of 2009 when as point person during this issue corrupt eTrust databases were rebuilt and direction was provided to support personnel involved with this issue.  ? Project management leading group of developers to consolidate multiple utilities into a standardized package to facilitate management of source code repositories. Education B.A. in Computer Science Queens College - Flushing, NY Skills SECURITY (9 years), ACCESS CONTROL (9 years), PERL (9 years), UNIX (9 years), ACCESS (5 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffreymalik Additional Information SKILLS  ? Deployment, incident management, and integration of access control systems.  ? Maintain IAM/RBAC BAU in production environment, adherence to established production SLA.  ? Integration of LDAP and AD with access control systems, BeyondTrust Likewise.  ? Roll Based Access Control (RBAC), Identity and Access Management (IAM/IdM), Privileged Access Management (PAM).  ? Collaborate with business stakeholders to define, architect, and implement IAM and RBAC control framework.  ? RSA SecurID MFA.  ? CA eTrust Access Control, CA ControlMinder, FoxT BoKS, SSH, Centrify Corporation's Centrify.  ? Business Analysis translating user requirements into RBAC user roles and access rights maintaining least privileged segregation of duty (SoD).  ? Risk Analysis, Security Access Profile (SAP).  ? SSH access control and identity management, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Kerberos.  ? Information Security process automation with UNIX Shell, Python, Perl.  ? OO (Object Oriented) programming with C++, Perl, Python, Java.