IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION Enfield, CT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst UNITED TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION - East Hartford, CT 2011 to Present East Hartford, CT 2011 - Current  A multinational conglomerate with an excess of $62 billion in revenues, which researches, develops, and manufactures high-technology products in numerous areas, including aircraft engines, helicopters, HVAC, fuel cells, elevators and escalators, fire and security, building systems, and industrial products.  IT Security Analyst, Data Based Development Systems  Lead first and second shifts' teams in monitoring a variety of systems for anomalies which may indicate potential threats.  ? Utilize a complex tools and an array of resources to research, investigate, and resolve problems.  ? Evaluate devices for viruses, malware, and spyware.  ? Inspect numerous uniform resource locators (URLs) and prospectively pernicious websites using multiples tools for malicious code.  ? Collaborate closely with developers to automate manual processes, and with third party vendors in order to contribute to active Advanced persistent threat (APT) events.  ? Develop, realign, and maintain a complete set of process.  ? Consult with members of several Business Units within the UTC organization.  ? Manages and schedules continuous coverage across multiple shifts.  ? Trains new employees in all tools and procedures. IT Security Analyst ST. FRANCIS HOSPITAL - Hartford, CT 2008 to 2011 Hartford, CT 2008 - 2011  A Primary Stroke Center and a Get With The Guidelines Silver Plus award winner, with 337 licensed beds and more than 500 physicians on staff.  IT Security Analyst  Consulted with users over the phone, addressed patient concerns, and honed phone manner.  ? Resetting passwords for multiple programs.  ? Worked in Active Directory, setting up new users and adding users to groups.  ? Troubleshot PCs physically and remotely. IT Technician / Helpdesk Administrator MPR SOLUTIONS - Hartford, CT 2008 to 2008 Applied advanced customer service and technical skills as a contractor for St. Francis Hospital.  ? Received calls and resolved users' issues.  ? Troubleshot PCs, laptops, and printers.    Street 1 Vernon Road ? Enfield, CT 06082  860-214-9239 ? soconnor1978@gmail.com IT Technician GEORGE'S IT SERVICE - Chicopee, MA 2007 to 2007 Established practical Information Technology expertise.  ? Maintained and updated Anti-Virus, Anti-Malware, and Anti-Spyware software to protect customers' devices.  ? Troubleshot printers, as well as various Windows XP issues. Education Diploma in Computer Information Technology Branford Hall Institute - Windsor, CT 2007 Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Fidelis XPS ? Kaspersky ? Malwarebytes ? Client Relationships ? Project Management  Anti-Virus Vendor Collaborations ? Windows XP ? Windows 7 ? Windows 8 ? Microsoft Office  Malware Submission ? Ensuring Network Protection via Procurement of Latest Virus Definitions  Cyber Threat Intelligence ? Anti-Virus & Anti-Malware Suites ? Symantec ? McAfee ? Bit Defender  Team Management ? Solutions Advice ? Cost Reduction ? Resource Management ? Communication  Malware Sandbox? Staff Recruitment & Training ? Opportunity Identification ? Leadership ? Qradar