Cyber Security Analyst IT Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> <span class="hl">IT</span> Cyber Security Analyst IT - Noble Drilling Houston, TX Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst IT Noble Drilling - Houston, TX 2014 to Present • Acts as a technical resource for the enterprise, ensuring security design for systems align with business needs, architecture and technical standards.  • Provides security guidance and training to IT associates, business information owners and business management.  • Assist in the development and maintenance of information security policies, standards, and procedures; and assist in resolving security policy issues and implementing security procedures.  • Works closely with the IT Directors to ensure security solution consistency with the enterprise architecture and strategy. This includes the review of detailed specifications for security systems and the associated design, scalability, completeness, quality, and performance.  • Proactively reviews and analyzes new or proposed security systems, tools, and methodologies, assessing their risk and their value in support of security strategy and corporate goals.  • Participate in Security Awareness training and Phishing campaign  • Recommend and design security controls to support the data security needs of systems being developed or acquired.  • Work with other internal IT team and security professionals to monitor, investigate, and report on security events and incidents.  • Manage project tasks effectively to assure timely and successful completion of projects with a high degree of customer satisfaction.  • Participate in on-site containment, remediation, and restoration efforts during cybersecurity incidents  • Perform network traffic analysis utilizing packet capture data from IDS, IPS output as it pertains to the cyber security of communications networks.  • Conduct risk assessments, testing, implementation of policy and procedures, solution deployments, and system integration implementations on Noble's onshore and offshore assets.  • Lead and support the cybersecurity team in the technical implementation of POCs, testing, and R&D.  • Responsible for the maintenance of Noble's cyber asset inventory. Jr IT Security Analyst Sequent Energy - Houston, TX 2013 to 2014 • Installs configure, updates, operates and regularly monitors tools such as intrusion detection and prevention, data loss prevention, web content filtering, email anti-spam, encryption, anti-virus, end-point protection  • Perform daily operational real-time monitoring and analysis of security events in particular suspicious/malicious activities from multiple sources  • Identify and plan preventive maintenance, software/hardware upgrades, patch management, and firmware upgrades.  • Works with internal and external auditors, to ensure Sequent remains compliant with regulatory standards. Implements processes, controls and tools to remediate security gaps identified by auditors, and IT Risk Assessments.  • Engages with internal resources and external vendors to identify gaps or deficiencies in the IT Security posture. Evaluates and recommends solutions to solve any potential business opportunities while mitigating security risks  • Act as project lead for small projects or as a technical contributor to larger projects  • Maintain positive working relationships with IT teams IT Analyst National Oil Well Varco - Houston, TX 2013 to 2013 - 2013  • Provided level 3 global messaging support for 10,000 employees for regional offices in the U.S., Canada, UK and South America.  • Manage Desktop Engineering, Application packaging and distribution  • Introduced End-Point Management platform for client and application distribution.  • Implemented several large-scale deployments for new facilities along with enterprise level hardware refresh initiatives. Project Coordinator Hewlett Packard DC - Houston, TX 2012 to 2013 • Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules and deadlines.  • Determining project changes  • Provide administrative support as needed  • Escalate issues to the appropriate departments for immediate assistance. Test Engineer/QA Hewlett Packard DC - Houston, TX 2010 to 2012 • Configure HP ProLiant server's series as per customers configurations (Specialize in MSIT Enterprise Data Warehouse, Microsoft, eBay, Enterprise, Apple, Rackspace, Facebook)  • Upgrade/downgrade, flashing firmware, switches and system BIOS configuration  • Provide technical support for the various model of HP ProLiant servers and all blades servers  • Quality Assurance of system software, hardware through precise methods  • Troubleshoot, replacing, fixing of various hardware errors on all HP servers series Example: motherboards, processors, hard drives, backplanes, smart array cards, and memories  • Configure multiple switches for cluster integration such as (Cisco, SAN, Pro curve, checkpoint switches) Education Bachelor's Skills SECURITY (5 years), DATA LOSS PREVENTION (1 year), ENCRYPTION (1 year), INTRUSION (1 year), INTRUSION DETECTION (1 year) Additional Information Skills  ? Intrusion Detection/ Prevention  ? Web-filtering  ? Encryption(SSL)  ? Data Loss Prevention  ? Vulnerability Scanning  ? IT Risk and Management  ? SCCM 2012  ? Office 365  ? SharePoint  ? Active Directory LDAP  ? Log Management  ? Phishing  ? Security Awareness  ? Malware Analysis