IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer Trenton, OH Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Engineer Resolvit, LLC - Cincinnati, OH January 2016 to Present • Updated, reviewed, and contributed to Information Security policies, standards, and best practices.  • Conduct internal risk assessments and onsite vendor security assessments.  • Documented current security posture and look to enhance current documented procedures.  • Support the business by evaluating new projects and give recommendations on keeping the environment secure.  • Documented and created Visio diagrams of network infrastructure.  • Led incident response investigations and acted at incident response team coordinator.  • Defined our vulnerability management program.  • Worked with SANS SIFT for forensics.  • Project management skills with driving new Security projects to success and ensuring completion.  • System administration skills.  • Reviewed firewall ACL’s and configuration to assess for vulnerabilities.  • Reviewed endpoint security solution and incorporated changes to improve security for all endpoints. IT Security Coordinator AdvancePierre Foods - Cincinnati, OH February 2015 to October 2015 • Updated, reviewed, and contributed to Information Security policies, standards, and best practices.  • Conduct internal risk assessments and onsite vendor security assessments.  • Documented current security posture and look to enhance current documented procedures.  • Support the business by evaluating new projects and give recommendations on keeping the environment secure.  • Documented and created Visio diagrams of network infrastructure.  • Helped work on business framework for the governance and management of enterprise IT using COBIT 5.0 and ISO 27001 standards.  • Worked on optimizing Incident Response policy and creating Incident Response field manuals for all necessary departments.  • Worked on Identity and Access Management Strategy.  • Worked on Mobile Device Strategy.  • Worked on IT Security Strategy  • Defined our vulnerability management program.  • Worked with EnCase and SANS SIFT for forensics.  • Worked to improve our Security awareness program by creating monthly Security bulletins, lunch and learns, and optimizing our annual Security and Privacy awareness training.  • Project management skills with driving new Security projects to success and ensuring completion.  • System administration skills. IT Security Analyst Ohio National Financial Services - Cincinnati, OH October 2013 to February 2015 • Updated, reviewed, and contributed to Information Security policies, standards, and best practices.  • Worked with our international sites on security policies and security strategy.  • Conduct internal risk assessments and onsite vendor security assessments.  • Documenting current security posture and look to enhance current documented procedures.  • Vulnerability management and incident response through system scanning and log monitoring with Alienvault.  • Support the business by evaluating new projects and give recommendations on keeping the environment secure.  • Documented and creating Visio diagrams of network infrastructure.  • Helped work on business framework for the governance and management of enterprise IT using COBIT 5.0 and ISO 27001 standards.  • Worked on optimizing Incident Response policy and creating Incident Response field manuals for all necessary departments.  • Worked on Identity and Access Management Strategy.  • Worked on Mobile Device Strategy.  • Helped define our vulnerability management program.  • Worked with EnCase and SANS SIFT for forensics.  • Worked to improve our Security awareness program by creating monthly Security bulletins, lunch and learns, and optimizing our annual Security and Privacy awareness training.  • Project management skills with driving new Security projects to success and ensuring completion.  • System administration skills. IT Security Analyst Omnicare Inc - Cincinnati, OH July 2012 to October 2013 • Vulnerability scanning and assessment.  • Risk assessment.  • Documenting and creating Visio diagrams of network infrastructure.  • Worked with compliance department to track down lost/stolen equipment.  • Helped with information Security policy, guidelines, and standards creation and revision.  • Worked on service requests in Service Now for various issues.  • Helped work on business framework for the governance and management of enterprise IT using COBIT 4.3 and ISO 27001 standards.  • Managed and maintained Qualys Vulnerability Management solution.  • Added users to Blue Coat VPN and configured access rules for VPN access to our network.  • Documenting new solutions for IT Security.  • Helped develop patch management strategy.  • Worked on increasing mobile phone security by enabling phone encryption and device PIN's.  • Helped review Fortinet policies and revise to reduce the restrictions imposed by previous admin to increase productivity.  • Engaged various vendors for activity monitoring/SIEM products and documented score for each.  • Project management.  • System administration. Technical Consultant Sprint-Nextel - Springdale, OH August 2011 to July 2012 • Performed basic hardware and software troubleshooting on mobile devices.  • Replaced hardware components inside cellular devices for clients.  • Looked at network and service data to determine if an area had an outage.  • Monitored inventory levels of available stock on site.  • Performed software upgrades on cellular device.  • Performed data management for clients moving to new and different devices.  • Educated clients on device features and use. PC Hardware and Software Technician Geek Squad - Hamilton, OH May 2009 to August 2011 * Performed basic hardware repairs on customer's computers.  * Performed software and hardware troubleshooting.  * Performed Operating System installs and upgrades for customers.  * Performed virus removal for customers.  * Performed data management for customers.  * Used STAR-ticketing system to input customer information and log repair status on their equipment.  * Trained customers on various computer topics and basic use.  * Trained employees on upcoming trends in technology and store policy regarding repairs and customer data privacy.    Managed Business Solutions/HP, Blue Ash, OH  Site Manager for Storage Operations    5/2009-8/2011  9/2006-5/2009    * Manage team of 2 by assigning daily rotations, assigning after-hours pager rotation, and training.  * Involved with disaster recovery process by communicating with up to 4 other data management recovery teams and discovering what storage media will be utilized for disaster recovery drill.  * Collect, update, and file tape tracking documentation used for disaster recovery and with other storage media not associated with recovery.  * Monitor scratch levels for Mainframe, Windows NT Systems, and UNIX systems; expired tapes are added to scratch pools when necessary.  * Monitor ITO browser (HP OpenView) for tape management issues and HP ServiceDesk for ticketing system to send service calls.  * Provide support via HP Service Desk to customers on the P&G network for media issues and server issues.  * Establish new procedures for new equipment and upgrades to our department  * Provide limited hardware support for NT/UNIX/Linux servers and communicate with customer if more troubleshooting is needed.    Available for Travel Education Masters of Information Security and Assurance in Digital Forensics and Investigation Norwich University - Northfield, VT September 2017 Bachelor of Technical Management in Technical Management DeVry University - Cincinnati, OH October 2013 Bachelor of Applied Science in Applied Science ITT Technical Institute - Norwood, OH 2012 Associate of Applied Science in Network+ ITT Technical Institute - Norwood, OH September 2008 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/williamcmcguire Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) August 2014 to August 2017