SAP Security Analyst SAP <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> SAP Security Analyst Woodland Park, NJ IT Professional with a strong background in SAP Security. Particularly skilled in setting up and designing SAP security roles and maintaining user profiles in SAP ERP, BW and EP. Recognized by senior management, customers and peers for:  • Excellent customer service, response time and troubleshooting skills  • Quickly mastering new technologies  • Consistent high level of performance  • Delivering quality outcomes  • Proficiency with Numara Footprints - Help Desk Support system  • SOX Compliance and excellent understanding of internal and external audit process Work Experience SAP Security Analyst SOUTHWEST WATER COMPANY 2011 to 2013 Managed all aspects of SAP Security Administration enterprise-wide for over 1,000 employees located in Houston, Los Angeles and Mississippi. Processed user accounts including; profile development, custom authorization development, and SOD (Segregation of Duties) analysis to ensure a secure SAP system and allow end users appropriate access to complete their tasks and responsibilities.    User Administration  • Provided outstanding day to day IT support, ensuring all user IDs and assigned profiles / roles were maintained according to separation of duties, guidelines and corporate instructions.  • Provided technical support to customers using problem determination problem source identification skills.  • Quickly resolved application access issues including basic password reset and extensive financial functionality access.  • Administered emergency repairs / firefighter access and provisioned new users.    Application Support and Management  • Implemented SAP ERP application, serving as Lead Associate and Security Analyst for all phases including Blueprint, Integration Testing, Go Live and Post Go Live.  • Managed SAP security and maintenance of roles and profiles.  • Administered technical change management, supporting approved processes.  • Designed, documented and tested security authorization roles for future needs.  • Provided appropriate and timely administration of SAP Security and controls including designing, testing, and delivering security roles for named users and processes across multiple SAP platforms, including ECC, CRM, BW and Enterprise Portal.  • Monitored SOD conflicts.  • Provided project and production support for software updates and new functionality implementations.    Risk and Compliance  • As key contact for Compliance / SOX testing evidence and documentation for SAP Access Controls, generated list of authorized users and their role authorizations and produced system configuration list for auditors.  • Attended PWC Audit sessions to review the compliance request and deficiencies.  • Developed and implemented "Change Management Process" for customer information system application, ensuring change requests were in compliance with audit guidelines.    H: 973-949-3256 taramanghnani@gmail.com C: 832-563-3535  www.linkedin.com/in/renumanghnani IT Data Security Analyst SOUTHWEST WATER COMPANY - Sugar Land, TX 2004 to 2013 Responsibilities  Managed all aspects of SAP Security Administration enterprise-wide for over 1,000 employees located in Houston, Los Angeles and Mississippi. Processed user accounts including; profile development, custom authorization development, and SOD (Segregation of Duties) analysis to ensure a secure SAP system and allow end users appropriate access to complete their tasks and responsibilities. IT Data Security Analyst SOUTHWEST WATER COMPANY 2008 to 2011 Safeguarded confidentially, integrity, and accessibility of information residing within all applications. Ensured team complied with security best practices, policy and audit requirements.  • Active Directory Admin - Managed user accounts, security groups and distribution list. Monitored service accounts.  • Exchange Admin - Created public folders and corresponding securities.  • UNIX Admin - Managed users and user securities for AIX Application and Company- owned enterprise software.  • Oracle Security Admin - Reviewed access requests. Classified individual user access based on segregation of duties and roles using Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) policy. Application Support Specialist SOUTHWEST WATER COMPANY 2004 to 2008 Gathered and analyzed business requirements and produced specification documents including training of local staff. Led all production support and functionality requirement negotiations and communications between management and software vendor.    User Administration  Provided 24x7 on-call support on a rotational basis. Developed end user documents for application support and training. Instrumental in the I/O operation of Utility Customer Billing and Customer Service. Facilitated workshops, team meetings and project meetings.    Application Support  Managed CRM SQL Database for ADJUTANT application., ensuring the integrity and confidentiality of corporate and customer data resources. Analyzed and implemented new features and functionality that met business needs. Revised business requirements document with client, technical team and managers until sign-off was obtained. Identified software requirements for systems through the analysis of regional operations.    System Administration  Maintained and troubleshot UNIX/AIX system software. Planned, designed and implemented backup, recovery and network security procedures. Coordinated technical resources and participated in disaster recovery activities. Education Bachelor of Science Marathwada University - Aurangabad, Maharashtra Additional Information Operating Systems: UNIX, Windows NT, XP, 2000, '98 and '95  Databases: SQL Server 7, Access 2000  Reporting tools: Crystal Reports, IQ  Business Software: Microsoft Office  ERP Packages: SAP R/3 3.1h