BUSINESS SYSTEMS CONSULTANT BUSINESS SYSTEMS CONSULTANT BUSINESS SYSTEMS CONSULTANT - WELLS FARGO BANK Chandler, AZ • Extensive Eight years of experience in the field of IT Security and Operations with emphasis on Information Security, Process Documentation, Technical writing, Project Management, System Analysis, Business Technology Optimization, IT Governance, People Management and Vendor Management for enterprise wide applications.  • Experience in the field of Incident Management, Service Management, Business Analysis, Business System Analysis, Requirement Engineering, Risk Analysis  • A good track record for end-to-end project delivery, refinement and enhancement using various iterative models within the stipulated time, resources and cost constraints.  • Strong understanding of Configuration and Change Management within the corporate environment. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience BUSINESS SYSTEMS CONSULTANT WELLS FARGO BANK November 2015 to Present RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Lead Secure File Transmission team (under Secure Communication) of 4 Engineers and a DBA to ensure encrypted and secure data in motion within the enterprise  • Drive initiatives and roadmaps aligning team tasks with corporate requirements  • Co-ordinate with product SMEs and developers to meet all the requirements in order to release new product versions to the enterprise.  • SPOC for updating all patch release information in various tools like PTS, TSC, PRM etc across all Secure Communication team  • Track all initiatives and tasks in Jira for team to ensure well-structured and timely deliverable  • Perform vulnerability assessment each quarter to analyze potential threats and the risk they possess to our environment  • Manage SharePoint and Wiki pages of the team ensuring the data is available to the whole team in an organized manner  • Drive project to restructure team Wiki page as per ITIL model to make all documentation Live and accessible by whole team  • Provide Level 1 support to problem tickets and customer escalations.  • Worked on API implementation of MIT Kerberos CWS Direct using the ITERATIVE model wherein main concentration was requirements management and development of milestones during inception and elaboration  • Responsibilities involved interface with application teams, obtaining approval, identifying information, procedures and decision flows, evaluating existing procedures, methods and technical documentation  • Develop process and procedure documents and publish it on SharePoint for team's reference  • Manage SharePoint and Wiki pages of the team ensuring the data is available to the whole team in an organized manner  • Hold meetings with SMEs and MsgSecure customers to drive projects and send out MOMs to all participants of the project. BUSINESS ANALYST ( IT SECURITY) WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORP September 2013 to July 2014 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Research new developments in IT security in order to recommend, develop and implement new security policies, standards and procedures  • Develop, implement, and document formal security programs & policies and publish it on SharePoint for team access  • Review system logs to identify and report any violations of resource security  • Track all FDIC audit findings and work with the assigned team to ensure its closure  • Document Business Requirements for Audit Remediation and BCP/DR projects, including projects to update existing reporting functionality, as well as projects to design and create new reporting universes and new reports.  • Responsibilities also included Data analysis, Business needs analysis, Facilitation and negotiation, Business Requirements Documentation, Functional System Design Documentation, Data Management Documentation, Coaching to other Business Systems Analysts and Business Requirements Analysts  • Involved in designing and documenting Test Cases against the application requirements. Evaluated application testing results and recorded the discrepancies to track, analyze and generate reports.  • Engage InfoSec vendors for vulnerability assessment and analysis  • Create and update status deck of all InfoSec projects for IT executive deck and build InfoSec metrics to establish progress toward risk reduction and compliance increase  • Partner with business and technology partners to elicit, analyze, translate, and document business requirements into technical requirements  • Coordinate the project resources to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST WIPRO INFOTECH April 2011 to September 2013 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Lead a team of 8 engineers and helpdesk staff to ensure secure environment of the organization  • Performed system security evaluations and incident response reporting  • AD administrator to check for possible threats and propose solutions to mitigate those threats  • Work with Network engineer to ensure a secure environment to prevent any compromise on sensitive information  • Performed vulnerability assessment to analyze potential threats and the risk they possess to our environment  • Investigated, documented, and gathered information on data security recommendations to protect sensitive data of the organization  ? Worked with End Users to refine current business practices to align with the application, as opposed to altering application to align with business practices.  ? Worked with vendors for requirement analysis and product tracking and development  ? Developed all operational flows using MS Visio and created the Business Architecture document to provide an overview of different aspects of the application INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST April 2009 to April 2011 RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Lead a team of 13 IT engineers to ensure smooth IT operation tasks  • Monitor the security of critical systems (e.g., e-mail servers, database servers, web servers, etc) and changes to highly sensitive computer security controls to ensure appropriate system administrative actions, investigate and report on noted irregularities  • Functioned as part of a 2 member team involved in a Six Sigma Project for reducing cost on Cartridge Consumption.  • Conduct network vulnerability assessments using tools to evaluate attack vectors, identify system vulnerabilities and develop remediation plans and security procedures  • Conduct routine social engineering tests and clean-desk audit.  • Interacted with various members at the management level to understand project scope analysis in order to prepare Requirement Specifications Document for relevant data reports.  • Facilitated JAD sessions with business clients and documented the business process flows.  • Used MS project to assist the Project Manager in tracking the tasks and resources and prioritizing the work along critical path.  • Assisted in business definition creation and documentation of standard terminology and processes that was used as a foundation for new reporting and data structures helping to ensure consistency of use and the learning of the data being provided. IT HELPDESK LEAD June 2008 to March 2009 RESPONSIBILITIES:  ? Create/Analyze and share MIS reports in form of monthly dashboards to customer and upper management  ? Review daily, weekly incident reports of the team to track team performance.  ? Asset Management: Manage database for asset records and its information  ? Ensured a coordinated workflow between all the disciplines within the team, and with other client teams where appropriate  ? Collect/Articulate and provide refined RCA to customer  ? Deliver trainings to IT Support Teams and IT Leaders on the Major Incident Management Process and Procedures Education B.Sc. in Computer Science MM Modi College, Punjabi University - Patiala, Punjab 2008 MS in System Engineering BITS - Pilani, Rajasthan Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present Project Management Professional (PMP) GISP