IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Genpact Saint Paul, MN A dynamic, detail-oriented and analytical Security Assessment and Authorization professional with 5+  years of extensive experience in conducting risk assessment, Cyber/ IT auditing and compliance.  Comprehensive knowledge in Risk Management Framework (RMF) and Vulnerability Management using  Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) and applicable NIST standards as well as several  internationally recognized commercial frameworks. Areas of expertise include NIST RMF, ISO, COBIT5,  SSAE16 (SAS70), FedRamp, Vendor Risk Management, HIPAA/HITECH and PCI DSS. Cognizant of  various industry standards pertaining to Federal and Commercial industries, resourceful, detail-oriented, and  client focused, with a continuing passion for growth.    STRENGTH AND EXPERTISE  Risk Assessment/Management, Continuous Monitoring, System Monitoring, Cyber Security and  Privacy, Security Assessment & Authorization, Information Assurance, IT Security Compliance,  Incident Response, Disaster Recovery.    PROFESSIONAL/TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Information Systems Security  • Vulnerability Assessment  • System Risk Assessment  • Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Word, Acess, Power Point)  • VMware  • Proficient with computer operating Systems Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Genpact - Maplewood, MN September 2015 to Present Conducted kick off meetings to collect systems information (information type, boundary,  inventory, etc.) and categorize systems based on NIST SP 800-60.  • Conducted security control assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operational  privacy, and technical security controls implemented.  • Security Assessment Reports (SAR) were developed detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM).  • Developed system security plans to provide an overview of federal information system security  requirements and described the controls in place or to meet those requirements.  • Created and updated the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts;  FIPS 199, Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es), Risk assessments (RAs), Threshold Analysis  (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), E-Authentication, Contigency Plan, Plan of Action and  Milestones (POAMs).  • Prepared Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) packages to ascertain that  management, operational and technical security controls adhere to NIST SP 800-53 standards.  • Performed vulnerability assessment, making sure risks are assessed and proper actions taken to mitigate them.  • Conduct IT controls risk assessments including reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and providing advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with industry  standards.  • Facilitate the information security risk management program by identifying areas most in need of risk assessment, coordinating risk assessments with other information security risk analysts, and  utilizing analysis from information security architects.  • Communicate risk assessment results and risk mitigation strategies to stakeholders.  • Facilitate the exception management process by tracking exceptons, evaluating associated risks by working with the other information security staff, and coordinating communication with the risk owner IT Risk Analyst Eriksmon - Apple Valley, MN July 2013 to August 2015 Guidnace and mapping to internal policies.  • Created e-authentication assessment reports to provide guidance on effective authentication  methods.  • Coordinated with business, clinical, and compliance leaders to ensure security programs are in compliance with HIPAA Security Rule and other relevant laws, regulations and policies to  minimize or eliminate risk and audit findings.  • Assessed security of client networks, hosts, and applications.  • Provide consultation on information security regulations and standards, such as PCI DSS,  HIPAA to various audiences.  • Participate in incident response activities as needed.  • Monitor and advise on information security needs for systems and processes to ensurethe  information security controls areconsistent and appropriate.  • Reviewed, documented, evaluated and tested application controls, particularly automated  controls on a wide range of software application packages for security reporting.  • Identified internal IT controls, assessing their design and operational effectiveness, determining  risk exposures and developing remediation plans.  • Communicated findings and recommendations to client personnel.  • Determined technical and business impact of identified security and control issues and provide  remediation guidance to clients.  • Measured and reported clients' compliance with established industry or government  requirements. IT Risk Analyst Eriksmon, Apply - Valley, MN, US June 2013 to August 2015 • Adequate knowledge of COSO, COBIT, ISO, SSAE 16, SOC, PCI-DSS and HIPAA frameworks.  • Reviewed the design and implementation of client firm wide IT Audit Process Risk Control IT Support Help Desk Accra, GH January 2012 to May 2013 Oson Chemist, Accra-Ghana.    • Handled technical troubleshooting with an enterprise environment including systems crashes,  slow-downs and data recoveries  • Provided information and technical assistance to users concerning the development and maintenance of the computer network or for resolution of special problems.  • Upgraded new software such as outlook and office.  • Managed the network supporting the server hardware, storage and operating systems  environments.  • Designed, configured, documented, maintained and monitored a critical 24/7 secure network  environment for data, voice and video communications.  • Engaged and tracked priority issues with responsibility for a timely documentation and escalation  • Worked closely with all IT functional areas to design and implement operational requirements for new and existing IT systems.  • Communicated with managers and peers within multiple groups.  • Utilized and demonstrated ability to analyze and solve complex technical problems with attention to detail.  • Earned recommendation for teamwork, flexibility and work excellence in providing IT support. Education Bachelor's