Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - United States Patent and Trademark Office Falls Church, VA Work Experience Information Security Analyst United States Patent and Trademark Office - Fairfax, VA September 2013 to Present As a Certification & Accreditation(C&A) Analyst role to lead various certification and accreditation initiatives as well as provide expertise in the safeguarding of personally identifiable information (PII) at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Update the artifacts, as needed, based on the independent review by the C&A Evaluator. Assemble all findings, results, evidence, and documentation, annual security testing, audits, vulnerability tests. Review and comment on the ST&E Report, and either concur with the report, refute specific vulnerability findings, or request changes to the technical content. If any corrective actions are taken, notify the C&A Evaluator and provide documented / electronic evidence of the corrective actions before the final ST&E report is issued. Identify controls in the SSP. Research and evaluate information on current and emerging threats to IT resources. Develop security procedures and policies in relation to IT systems and networks. Conduct risk assessments and security tests or evaluations to determine security program effectiveness and identify vulnerabilities. Provide guidance and technical advice for system protective controls. Triage and correlate Cybersecurity incidents. Serve as IT security specialist on security projects involving a wide range of IT issues. Investigate, document and report any undisclosed software and hardware vulnerabilities. Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices. System & Network vulnerabilities and security analysis using Ethical Hacker best practices and tools.  ? Update the SSP with the latest information from the accreditation decision (Continuous Monitoring) for major collaboration systems.  ? I have been responsible for monitoring security projects and coordinating implementation of recommendations for security in complex systems.  ? Responsible to Document proposed or actual changes to the system boundaries.  ? Update the artifacts based upon any implemented changes to the information system or changes as a result of any findings.  ? Provide C&A metrics. Responsible to create and close the POA&Ms as per to the findings after the (Annual), (Triennial) assessment. And updates to the POA&M to the management.  ? Obtain system information and overview of customer environments at USPTO.  ? Developed various C&A artifacts to include system boundary documents, e-authentication, privacy impact assessments, and FIPS-199 in accordance with NIST and FISMA policies and procedures.  ? Provided remediation assistance to the system owners in order to both develop and work of Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) for their systems.  ? Was responsible for overall task plan/schedule coordination and support with 4 other contracts supporting the ITSMG office within the USPTO. Information Security Analyst United States Patent and Trademark Office - Alexandria, VA October 2011 to August 2013 As an Information security Analyst my role involved various certification and accreditation (C&A) initiatives as well as provide expertise in the safeguarding of personally identifiable information (PII) at the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Provided remediation assistance to the system owners in order to both develop and work of Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) for their systems. Update the artifacts, as needed, based on the independent review by the C&A Evaluator. Assemble all findings, results, evidence, and documentation, annual security testing, audits, vulnerability tests. Research and evaluate information on current and emerging threats to IT resources. Conduct risk assessments and security tests or evaluations to determine security program effectiveness and identify vulnerabilities. Provide guidance and technical advice for system protective controls. Triage and correlate Cybersecurity incidents. Serve as IT security specialist on security projects involving a wide range of IT issues. Investigate, document and report any undisclosed software and hardware vulnerabilities. Make recommendations to resolve shortfalls in system security features and practices. System & Network vulnerabilities and security analysis using Ethical Hacker best practices and tools.  Job Responsibilities: My Role as a Information Security Analyst included  ? Review and comment on the ST&E Report, and either concur with the report, refute specific vulnerability findings, or request changes to the technical content. If any corrective actions are taken, notify the C&A Evaluator and provide documented / electronic evidence of the corrective actions before the final ST&E report is issued.  ? Identify controls in the SSP. Update the SSP with the latest information from the accreditation decision (Continuous Monitoring) for major collaboration systems.  ? I have been responsible for monitoring security projects and coordinating implementation of recommendations for security in complex systems.  ? Responsible to Document proposed or actual changes to the system boundaries.  ? Update the artifacts based upon any implemented changes to the information system or changes as a result of any findings.  ? Provide C&A metrics. Responsible to create and close the POA&Ms as per to the findings after the (Annual), (Triennial) assessment. And updates to the POA&M to the management.  ? Developed various C&A artifacts to include system boundary documents, e-authentication, privacy impact assessments, and FIPS-199 in accordance with NIST and FISMA policies and procedures.  ? I was responsible for overall task plan/schedule coordination and support with 4 other contracts supporting the ITSMG office within the USPTO. Sr. Security and Business Analyst Northrop Grumman - Woodlawn, MD November 2010 to September 2011 Social Security Administration (SSA), Woodlawn, MD  Project Description: The Agreement Workflow Tool is an applications used by The SSA that provides the Office of Earnings, Enumerations, and Administrative Systems (OEEAS) Division of Information, Verification, and exchange Services(DIVES) with analytical and technical services. The user goals include the implementation of a Verification and Information Exchange Workload System (VIEWS) project that will provide a user-friendly automated solution to generate Form SSA-1033 in the Create New, Renew, and Amend workflows of the Agreement Workflow Tool (AWT). Include enhancements requested by the current users of AWT. And fix the defects logged in Quality Center (QC) that were identified in the production environment during the Planning and Analysis phase for AWT 4.0 release. Identified potential problems and notified the appropriate individuals who were then able to develop corrective measures. I was responsible to develop corrective or preventative measures for the identified potential program problems and directed the development of corrective measures. I have worked with Splunk and Arcsight. I have provided technical direction and leadership in the management of programs to ensure that potential problems were handled in an expeditious manner.  Job Responsibilities: My Role as a Sr. Security Analyst included  ? Application Information Systems security categorization based on FIPS-199 guidelines.  ? Threat modeling Analysis and design for mission critical Agreement Workflow Application in SSA.  ? Abuse case development based on various application use cases.  ? WebInspect installation and configuration.  ? Fortify Installation and configuration.  ? Complete C&A documentation based on NIST 800-53 standards.  ? Attended IG (Inspector General) Auditing interviews.  ? Document vulnerabilities and distribute reports to Application stakeholders.  ? Worked with Development team to implement SDLC security.  ? Worked with business unit, design team, application leads and architects to define and document accurate and complete functional and system requirements for ebizlauncher.com project. Worked with Business Users and Developers to create complete test plan according to the high level project schedule.  ? Facilitated meetings across multiple application/business groups to gather requirements.  ? Managed all phases of projects ensuring secure environments for customer data.  ? Managed requirements development, design, test scripting, testing, project training development and reporting.  ? Developed reports, charts, graphs, and process maps and maintain data files.  ? Used The Penetrator and Metasploit Pro, URL fuzzer tools for Pentesting.  o Determining the feasibility of a particular set of attack vectors.  o Identifying higher-risk vulnerabilities that result from a combination of lower-risk vulnerabilities exploited in a particular sequence.  o Identifying vulnerabilities that may be difficult or impossible to detect with automated network or application vulnerability scanning software.  o Assessing the magnitude of potential business and operational impacts of successful attacks.  o Testing the ability of network defenders to successfully detect and respond to the attacks. IT Security Analyst Techno Architects - Boston, MA May 2004 to October 2010 Project: eBizLauncher  Project Description: As a Security Analyst for E-Commerce Website and solutions Provider Company. I was responsible for managing overall systems Security, Enterprise Architecture, SDLC, Change Management, Configuration Management, Middleware Project portfolio management, Budgeting, QA, Functional Testing, Integration testing, performance Testing and various performance benchmarks for existing and new Applications supported by enterprise platform. EBizlauncher provides web based solutions ranging from online portal, Insurance, Finance, E-Commerce, B2B and Intranet Portals. Being Security analyst I worked on various high priority and high visibility projects from project initiation phase to project closure phases in turn executing full SDLC Security lifecycle.: Requirements gathering using requisite pro, System Design, System Development, System Testing , System Implementation and System Deployment.  Conducted Physical security test, Cryptanalysis attack, stolen equipment test, Shrink-wrapped software test.    Job Responsibilities:  ? Web Application penetration testing.  ? Security manual assessment tools analysis.  ? Tools research and configurations.  ? Vulnerabilities priority based on NVD and Secunia ratings.  ? SQL Injection and Cross site scripting test case creation and execution against various application modules.  ? Web assessments using Webinspect, analyze findings and document results.  ? Proficient in top 10 OWASP vulnerabilities: recommended enforcing access controls in an application's "controller or business logic" layer rather than its presentation layers.  Project: BuyDirectPortal  Job Responsibilities:  ? Manual security evaluation of various portal modules including Authentication, Authorization, User provisioning, Admin and core modules.  ? Web and source code assessment for complete portal application.  ? Developed UML Use Cases using Rational Rose and developed a detailed project plan with emphasis on security deliverables.  ? Facilitated meetings across multiple application/business groups to gather requirements.  ? Managed all phases of projects ensuring secure environments for customer data.  ? Managed requirements development, design, test scripting, testing, project training development and reporting.  ? Overhauled numerous systems and processes through extensive review, analysis and upgrades.  ? Responsible for PeopleSoft security, user creation, user management, quarterly and monthly reports generation, reports distribution and requirements analysis.  ? Maintain and track project plans with direction from Project Manager.  ? SQL Server database installation and configuration, Data import and export scheduling, building basic SQL queries for the Data extraction and reports generation based on business needs    Project: KanhaBiotech Inc.  Job Responsibilities:  ? Prepared weekly project status reports for effective management.  ? Documentation of the application including system specifications, unit test plans, integration test plans and participated in system testing. Ensuring the documents are updated periodically and communicated to all teams. Building Use Case diagrams, Activity diagrams and class diagrams using MS Visio, UML, Rational Rose, Rational Requisite Pro and Enterprise Architect. Performed Gap Analysis by brainstorming with developers, architects and business users.  ? Managed all phases of projects ensuring secure environments for customer data.  ? Managed requirements development, design, test scripting, testing, project training development and reporting.  ? Overhauled numerous systems and processes through extensive review, analysis and upgrades.  ? Responsible for PeopleSoft security, user creation, user management, quarterly and monthly reports generation, reports distribution and requirements analysis.  ? Maintain and track project plans with direction from Project Manager. Education MBA Hood College