IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Prairie View A & M University Lewisville, TX • Interfacing with all levels of management to assure those common goals is met.  • Ability to learn new skills quickly to become effective and efficient to organizational needs.  • Self-starter with the ability to motivate team members to greater success.  • Skilled in interpreting complex regulations. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Prairie View A & M University - Prairie View, TX August 2017 to Present Student hourly)  • Utilizing Vectra IDS/ McAfee IPS systems to monitor alerts on campus network, composed of nearly 6000+ computers on campus.  • Use of data loss prevention software Varonis to record massive file transfers as well as record keeping of HIPPA, PLI, and PII daily.  • Conducted risk assessments as well as internal audits of University departments.  • Apply Spirion Identity finder tool to scan faculty and staff personal computers for sensitive data.  • Monitor Proof-point phishing attacks on campus network to mitigate risk.  • Deploy & presenting monthly trainings for the Information Resource Management department.  • Build weekly reports for senior level team to mitigate vulnerabilities using various tools. IT Help Desk Analyst I Academy Sports + Outdoors - Houston, TX January 2014 to Present • Maintain a high degree of customer service for 300 stores plus, 3 distributions centers, and corporate office.  • Answer Help Desk calls and provide first-line support.  • Escalate unresolved calls to IT Operations and Application Support teams.  • Assist internal customers by troubleshooting and resolving issues.  • Follow up with internal customers to ensure satisfactory completion of Help Desk calls.  • Provide phone support to remote access customers.  • Document and maintain records of Help Desk calls in the incident management database.  • Maintain and support a variety of equipment to include copiers and fax machines and place external support calls as necessary.  • Reset passwords for network, AS/4, and iNotes access.  • Develop thorough understanding of Academy policies, procedures and safety rules. Internship Sercel Inc - Houston, TX May 2011 to August 2012 Information Technology Summer Intern    • Troubleshoot basic cable connection problems  • Inventory hardware in database  • Installation of server and network hardware  • Research and problem solving  • Cabling of servers and network equipment  • Exposure to Linux Redhat & Ubuntu  Technical Skills  • Programing Languages: C#, Java, PL/SQL, SAP  • Software: Oracle SQL, Service Now, Symantec, Microsoft Project 2013  • Operating systems: Linux, Mac Os, Microsoft Windows 10 Pro Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems Prairie View A & M University - Prairie View, TX May 2018