IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Douala IT Towson Owings Mills, MD Experience in active directory, cyber management, malware detection, and IP address tracking. I am a strong collaborator and creative problem solver. Can follow complex technical instructions to not only troubleshoot problems but also ensuring that issues are resolved in timely manner to keep end-users happy. Excellent communication and troubleshooting skills, positive attitude, friendliness, flexibility and ability to achieve success in job. Timely response to trouble tickets created by customers, delivered technical services with 98% SLA completion rate and maintained continuous customer satisfaction. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Douala IT Towson March 2018 to Present Manage and maintain Assurance modules for Governance Risk and Compliance (GRC) tools to collect metrics. Monitor remediation plan status and develop status reports.  ? Maintain the enterprise firewalls, IDS/IPS, Antivirus/Antimalware, SIEM, Incident Response, Threat Prevention, Web/Application Control Filtering, Email Filtering, NetFlow Analysis, and Endpoint Security.  ? Conducted regular vulnerability and independent assessments and conducted reviews of critical computing resources.  ? Managed third party vendor relationships of threat intelligence and other support vendors. Manage the day-to-day operations of the Endpoint Systems.  ? Participated in network and systems design to ensure implementation of appropriate systems security policies.  ? Assist in digital forensics by collecting computer/network-related evidence in support of policy violations, criminal activity, fraud, and in response to threat intelligence, law enforcement investigations, or information technology ( IT) audit efforts.  ? Ensure security risk assessments are conducted as appropriate on any system upgrades, software/hardware changes, etc.  ? Implemented and developed solutions for managing the endpoint system environment to monitor, report, manage, and resolve system incidents.  ? Technical writing and detailing for sharing knowledge across the enterprise.  ? Automated network architectures that utilize protocols TCP/IP, DNS, HTTP, SMTP, and the OSI Model to detect and curb potential threats. Security Administrator IT Service October 2015 to February 2018 Gilmo Health Services  ? Performed self-assessments to ensure systems and applications are complying with corporate policies, applicable regulatory and legal requirements, and leading industry practices.  ? Provided customer support, service and technical support through analysis and problem resolving to enable installation, maintenance, education, implementation and documentation of a variety of software and hardware technologies using remote communication or through phone to the client or the end  ? Granting of authorization to operate IT systems at acceptable levels of risk, monitoring and testing of IT systems for vulnerabilities and design security architecture patterns to mitigate threats.  ? Provided technical consultative/advisory services to the PM/Product Manager to review proposed new systems, networks, and software designs for potential security risks.  ? Implemented security infrastructure projects within the agency's physical and cloud environments.  ? Designed and deployed advance troubleshooting and monitoring of 3rd party applications and services to provide quality assurance.  ? Conduct data analysis on information security compliance / risk trends and significant variances for senior management.  ? Meeting internal and external audit requirements and gathering and providing information to internal and external auditors Quality Control Analyst Me-Cure Pharmaceutical Ltd - Lagos, NG August 2011 to September 2015 Nigeria.  ? Monitored and reviewed data systems to make improvements within the enterprise.  ? Coordinated assessments, enhancements and implementation of technology solutions for the enterprise.  ? Sampled the dispensed materials from the storage products like an antibiotics - The active ingredients in it is Ampicillin and Cloxacillin.  ? Obtained samples of each in a clear bag to the laboratory for physical and chemical testing and making sure it passes the standard operating procedures and guidelines.  ? Physical testing; drug thickness, the seconds it takes for the drug to dispense in the body.  ? Once it passes, I label pass on the drum and it's taken to the factory for production. and I supervise the production.  ? Analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing.  ? Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies.  ? Created boardroom and courtroom multimedia presentations including video and text- sync'd depositions for enhanced understanding. Mathematics Teacher Eleyele High School, Ibadan, Oyo State - NG October 2010 to July 2011 Nigeria.  ? Actively instruct students, create lesson plans, assign and correct homework, manage students in the classroom.  ? Communicated with parents to interpret contemporary methods in teaching mathematics and with parents and school counselors to discuss the individual pupil's progress.  ? Supervised students in out-of-classroom activities during the assigned working day.  ? Helped students prepare for graduation and college entry exams, while in high school.  ? Helped students develop critical-thinking abilities by gaining an understanding of mathematic concepts.  ? Maintained professional competence through in-service education activities provided by the district and in self-selected professional growth activities. Education Master of Science in Health Care Administration in Health Care Administration University of Maryland University College September 2017 to August 2019 Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry Redeemer's University September 2006 to October 2010 Skills Tcp/ip, Wireshark, Tcp, Cyber security, Rsa, Active Directory, Security, testing, training, access