Information Security Consultant Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Consultant Information Security Consultant - Security Management Partners Danbury, CT Experienced technology professional with diverse experience in Information Security analytics and consultation. Highly motivated, strategic thinker, and team player looking to add value in a dynamic and successful organization. Most current and relevant proficiency in Information Security. Work Experience Information Security Consultant Security Management Partners - Danbury, CT March 2016 to Present Consultant position focusing on Information Technology General Control reviews on multiple healthcare, corporate and financial sector projects. Responsibilities include network auditing and penetration testing, regulatory compliance audits (FFIEC, GLBA, HIPAA, HITECH and Meaningful Use), policy development and review, forensic investigation and incident response (log review, evidence collection and forensic analysis), and security awareness testing through social engineering (physical, pretexting and phishing). Experience in using Kali Linux / Nessus to conduct active penetration testing and vulnerability analysis, as well as EnCase Forensic Software for forensic acquisitions. IT / Information Security Analyst Cartus Corporation - Danbury, CT September 2013 to March 2016 Analyst position with a focus on compliance with corporate security policies and standards. Daily responsibilities included responding to client RFP and questionnaires related to information technology and security, performing security based reviews on suppliers, and tracking/ reporting of information protection incidents related to corporate and customer. Additional responsibilities include compiling monthly SLA reports, conducting privileged user reviews, "clean desk" facility walkthroughs, annual global policy updates and review, and participation in client / corporate audits. Regularly liaise with corporate functions such as Legal Department, Supply Chain Management, HR, and Marketing. Possess thorough knowledge and experience with industry best practices and standards for information security including completing gap analysis for SOC2 and ISO 27001 certifications. Help Desk Analyst Cartus Corporation - Danbury, CT October 2011 to September 2013 Provided first-level technical support for employees/customers/suppliers in a timely and efficient manner. Responsible for answering and resolving all incoming phone calls and email requests during initial contact, escalating issues when required, logging all customer questions and issues into call tracking system. Assisted with defining and documenting Help Desk Standard Operating Procedures. Trained and proficient in using Active Directory, VPN and remote desktop client software, email firewall, Microsoft Office Suite, Exchange profiling, basic LAN, and various in-house applications. Assisted in training new Help Desk staff. Assisted in development of security processes and procedures. Education Baccalaureate Certification in Information Sciences The Pennsylvania State University September 2013 to December 2015 Bachelors of Arts in Political Science Western Connecticut State University - Danbury, CT 2006 to May 2011 Skills Security compliance (5 years), SECURITY POLICIES (5 years), FORENSICS (3 years), AUDITING (3 years), Penetration Testing (3 years) Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    ? Security Policies and Procedures Development and Compliance  ? Network Auditing and Penetration Testing (internal, external and wireless networks)  ? Computer Crimes, Forensics Investigation and Incidence Response  ? Solid analytical, creative thinking skills with focus on problem solving  ? Strong interpersonal skills including diverse customer support experience  ? Currently pursuing Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification