Information Security Analyst team lead Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> team lead Chicago, IL Work Experience Information Security Analyst team lead MENARDS, Inc.- Technical Architecture & Security Department May 2016 to Present • Oversees the Risk Management program and proceed to communicate appropriate risk responses to the Chief Information Officer (CIO) and the Information Security Risk Management Council.  • Oversaw and implemented a multi-year security roadmap to strengthen Menards security posture.  • Leads Enterprise Vulnerability Management Program to identify vulnerabilities, assign remediation tasks, and track resolution of security flaws within enterprise systems.  • Oversees Application Security Program through the entire Application Development Life Cycle, from the design phase to production deployment by leveraging static and dynamic analysis tools.  • Leads annual PCI DSS assessment by facilitating communication between QSA and different IS teams within the CDE scope. Oversees the implementation compensating controls as needed.  • Oversees and monitors Data Loss Prevention Program (DLP).  • Researches and recommends improvements to information security controls in accordance with industry best practices.  • Develops and implement Information Security Policies & Procedures impacting people, process and technology within the scope of physical and digital information.  • Reviews daily firewall logs, vulnerabilities scan report, end-point protection reports, threat intelligence feeds and apply prevention and mitigations when applicable.  • Performs internal security audit by driving security awareness program, social engineering, software white box testing. Information Security Analyst Consultant ARBONNE INTERNATIONAL, LLC- Information Technology Department September 2014 to January 2016 * Developed, implemented, and documented formal security programs and policies  * Provided implementation of new controls for PCI DSS assessment  * Participated in enterprise vulnerability management program  * Conducted enterprise security audits, recommended and implemented new security controls. Senior IT Support Analyst LEWIS UNIVERSITY- Information Technology Department June 2014 to December 2015 * Provided helpdesk support to end-users.  * Oversaw maintenance and upkeep of all end user's hardware/software provisioning  * Oversaw end users technical training program.  * Worked with faculty and staff to manage technology and technology related-tasks.  * Worked with technology coordinators to train faculty and students to use various computer applications. IT Support Analyst Assisted University January 2012 to May 2014 * Provided hardware and software configuration and deployment in a secure manner.  * Assisted University staff and students in technical troubleshooting of hardware/software problems.  * Provided quality of services to University staff and students Education MASTER OF SCIENCE in INFORMATION SECURITY Lewis University - Romeoville, IL December 2015 Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems & Information Security Lewis University - Romeoville, IL May 2014 Skills SECURITY (3 years), DLP (2 years), RISK MANAGEMENT (2 years), TRADING (2 years), TRAINING (1 year) Certifications/Licenses CISA 18148388 CompTIA Security+ Additional Information Areas of Strength  • Network Security  • Application Security  • Vulnerability Scanning  • Identity Access Management    • Governance, Risk management & Compliance  • Internal Security Auditing  • Security Awareness Training  • Cyber threat Intelligence    • IS Security Policy & Procedure Development  • Hardware Asset Security  • DLP Monitoring