INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST INFORMATION <span class="hl">SECURITY</span> <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST - BRIGHTWAY PROFESSIONALS AND ASSOCIATES Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST BRIGHTWAY PROFESSIONALS AND ASSOCIATES - Temple Hills, MD November 2013 to Present • Coordinate in-depth interviews and examine documentation/artifacts in accordance with NIST SP 800-53A rev 4.  • Perform Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit reviews using NIST 800-37.    • Conduct risk assessments and collaborate with clients to provide recommendations regarding critical Performing daily ongoing (A&A) Assessment and Authorization projects in support of client infrastructure, network security operations and Continuous Monitoring processes.    • Working knowledge of Categorizing Information Systems (using FIPS 199 as a guide), NIST Risk Management Framework, FIPS and FISMA Act.    • Review and update some of the system categorization using FIPS 199, Initial Risk Assessment, E-authentication, PTA, PIA, SAR, SSP, SAP& POA&M.    • Participate in ST&E Kick-off Meeting and populate the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) per NIST SP 800-53A.  • Conduct a Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA) by working closely with the ISSOs and the System Owner.    • Develop and maintain Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&MS) of all accepted risks upon completion of system (C&A).    • Coordinate, participate and attend weekly ISSO forums for security advice and updates.    • Provide continuous monitoring support for control systems in accordance to FISMA guidelines and conduct FISMA-based security risk assessments.    • Develop and conduct ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation), Security Assessment plan (SAP) according to NIST SP 800-53A.    • Worked with business process owners to ensure timely identification and remediation of jointly owned risk related issues and action plans (POA&M).    • Communicate effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates and senior leadership.    • Perform Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), E-Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders.    • Assist with review of policy, security alerts, guidance, regulations and technical advances in IT Security Management.    • Contribute to initiating FISMA metrics such as Annual Testing, POA&M Management, and Program Management.    • Review audit logs and provide documentation guidelines to business process owners and management.    • Determine security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements). INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST ONWARD INVESTMENTS SERVICES - Upper Marlboro, MD June 2012 to August 2013 • Provided input to management on appropriate FIPS 199 impact level designations and selecting appropriate security controls.    • Oversee the preparation of Assessment and Authorization (A&A) packages for submission to the Authorizing Official (AO) for an Authorization to Operate (ATO).    • Performed evaluation of policies, procedures, and analyzed security scan results, in order to address controls that were deemed insufficient during Assessment and Authorization (A&A).    • Provided audit briefings to agency and Information Systems Security Officer's (ISSO), to assist in the preparation of independent audit assessments with the agency's goal of improving their operational  effectiveness and ensuring that all findings are documented as Plan Of Action & Milestones within their  Trusted Agent FISMA (TAF) tool.    • Authentication with business owners and Performed Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy  Threshold Analysis (PTA), E-d selected stakeholders.    • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance in accordance with FISMA guidelines.  • Generated, reviewed and updated System Security Plans (SSP) against NIST 800-18 and NIST 800 53 requirements.  • Performed Information Systems Security Audits and Certification and Accreditation (C&A) Test in compliance with the NIST 800 Series Standard.    • Documented and reviewed System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Security Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization letter/memorandum (ATO).    • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A and perform on-site security testing using vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus.    • Documented and finalized Security Assessment Report (SAR) and communicate a consolidated risk management activities and deliverables calendar.    • Performed Enterprise Architecture for network discovery and provided a gap analysis.    • Reviewed and ensured Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) document after a positive PTA is created. IT HELP DESK SUPPORT ONWARD INVESTMENTS SERVICES - Upper Marlboro, MD January 2012 to June 2012 • Operate as service point of contact for help desk, helping to diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve approximately seven tickets per day.  • Provide daily technical support for e-mail, network, connectivity, telecommunications and system maintenance.  • Created user accounts and set passwords for users using Microsoft Windows Server    • Supported multiple customers on a daily basis by processing help tickets using Service Now software to manage requests and service calls.  -Processed and documented customer surveys resulting in the accurate collection of survey data  -Answered and processed customer service request calls daily  -Provided IT support to multiple users by unlocking user accounts and resetting user passwords    TECHNICAL AND SPECIALIZED SKILLS  Nessus Vulnerability Scanner, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Mac, Microsoft Windows, CSAM and SharePoint. • Creative thinking with great diversity to adjust in any type of work environment Education BSC in IT Security and Risk, System Security university of Yaoundé 1 Cameroon Skills customer service (Less than 1 year), induction (Less than 1 year), networking (Less than 1 year), RECEPTIONIST (Less than 1 year), relationship building (Less than 1 year) Additional Information INTERPERSONAL SKILLS  • Encouraging attitude with a strong capability of inspiring others  • Profound listening and mediating capabilities  • Able to negotiate in a positive manner and resolve problems proactively  • Responsible attitude aimed at ensuring positive outcomes of assigned projects  • Competent at reinforcing concepts in a positive manner  • Exceptional relationship building skills targeted at ensuring teamwork and effective customer service  • Known to adapt to changing work environments  • Proven ability to motivate employees to make the most of their potential  • Capable of injecting humor into mundane presentations and induction procedures  • Committed to employ diplomacy to ward off adversity in difficult situations  • Adept at handling group facilitation activities in order to bring team workers together  • Special talent for communicating with staff in order to assist them in working flexibly  • Excellent networking skills aimed at generating business and ensuring loyal clientele  • Responsible attitude targeted at ensuring completion of projects in a time efficient manner