Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - SeNet International Inc Olney, MD Seeking a Cyber Security position in a growth-oriented organization with emphasis on FISMA, system security evaluation, validation, monitoring and auditing, risk management, audit engagements, testing information technology controls and Sarbanes-Oxley 404. Work Experience Information Security Analyst SeNet International Inc - Fairfax, VA October 2013 to Present Provide program support for Health Resource Service Administration (HRSA)'s FISMA Continuous Monitoring initiative and SA&A process..  • Determine enterprise risk to HRSA systems and applications and ensure that defined vulnerabilities are mitigated.  • Perform internal and external security control assessments utilizing Trusted Agent FISMA (TAF) to record assessments data.  • Develop, track and validate POA&Ms (Plan of Action and Milestone) for assigned HRSA systems and maintain communication with ISSO /System owners on POA&M status and verifies remediation efforts to close POA&Ms.  • As part of Health Resource Service Administration (HRSA)'s Security compliance team, perform reviews of OMB, NIST, HHS and HRSA policy to modify and update procedures as a result of new guidance.  • Provide guidance to ISSOs and system administrators on FISMA compliance, and system vulnerabilities.  • Manage security compliance of assigned systems and maintain all of the FISMA documentations.  • Analyzes security scans for vulnerabilities and collaborates with ISSOs to remediate findings.  • Develop Security Control Assessment Plans (SCAP) according to the system categorization, operating environment, and information system functionality and capabilities.  • Conduct annual security control assessments (NIST 800-53) and documented implementation status and security posture; documented System Security Plans (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Risk Assessments(RA) and Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M) for continuous monitoring activities.  • Ensure monthly and quarterly vulnerability assessments are conducted for both internal and external system using AppScan and Nessus  • Ensure change requests adhered to HRSA policy, and CCB reviews requests were processed in a timely manner  • Conduct kick-off meetings with System Owners and technical team to review SCA Plan, determine the system/application sensitivity and data information.  • Review and update Awareness training documents, configuration management Plan (CMP), CP, CPT, SSP, E-Authentication PIA and SOPs for agency.  • Evaluates and recommends new and emerging security products and technologies IT Security & FISMA Analyst MJHS CORPORATION - Reston, VA August 2009 to September 2013 Assessed program and security controls using Organization IT Security Policy Handbook and NIST Special Publications to provide information necessary to determine their overall effectiveness  • Developed and maintained C&A documentations, including System Security Plans, Contingency Plans, Risk Assessment Reports and evaluated existing documents and their accuracy  • Performed Contingency Plan Test and Training to ensure systems' recoverability as defined in IT systems security requirements  • Involved with creating ST&E documents and helped with reviewing and updating existing ones for several information systems  • Requested and reviewed vulnerability scans  • Created POA&Ms and developed mitigation strategies as required  • Trained and advised IT managers on the FISMA compliance activities and controls  • Guided System Owners and ISSOs through the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process so to obtain Authority to operate (ATO)  • Ensured that management, operational and technical controls for securing either Sensitive Security Systems or IT Systems are in place and are adhered to in accordance to federal guidelines (NIST 800-53)  • Ensured that appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for IT systems throughout the life cycle i.e., from the requirements definition phase through retirement or disposal.  • Analyzed user, operational, policy, regulatory, and resource demands and procedures  • Worked with business process owners to ensure timely identification and remediation of jointly owned risk related issues and action plans  • Developed, reviewed and evaluated Security Plan based on NIST Special Publications 800 series  • Performed comprehensive Security Controls Assessment (SCA) and wrote reviews of management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems.    IT Systems Security Auditor  • Conducted Information Technology ( IT) risk management and assessment  • Evaluated the design and operation effectiveness of system controls such as access controls, business process controls, data interface controls, key controls and IT general controls  • Participated and assisted clients to resolve control deficiencies  • Conducted meetings with the IT team to gather documentation and evidence about their control environment  • Developed test plans, test scripts and testing procedures  • Documented test results, exception handling process and remediation plans  • Conducted walkthroughs and documented gaps  • Performed IT operating effectiveness tests in the areas of security and standard business operations  • Created change control management process documentation  • Applied current computer science technologies and Information Assurance (IA) requirements to the analysis, design, development, evaluation, and integration of computer/communication systems and networks to maintain an acceptable system security posture throughout the lifecycle of multiple national level mission system  • Performed Certification and Accreditation (C&A) documentation in compliance with company standards so as to obtain Authority to Operate (ATO)  • Performed Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), e-Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders  • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A SAP HCM Consultant XCORDIA TECHNOLOGIES - Columbia, MD June 2007 to April 2009 Industry: Public Sector (Clarks County School District, Nevada.)  • Facilitated Workshops with SMEs to assess current capabilities and identify high-level business requirements.  • Created Company Codes, Personnel Areas, Personnel Sub-Areas, Employee Groups and Sub-groups, the Organizational structure to the Hire Process.  • Participated in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and assisted in the development of the training manual.  • Created Business Process Procedures for End Users.  • Developed some Deliverables in the Realization Phase:- o The Solution Requirements document,  o The End User Training Materials  Industry: Oil and Gas 03/2006-04/2007  SAP HCM Consultant  • Defined sub-types for HR Master data  • Created Personnel areas, personnel sub-areas, employee groups and employee subgroups.  • Enterprise structure compromising of Company Code and Personnel Structure for salaries, hourly exempt and non-exempt.  • Identify needs for systems development, specify requirements and review data requirements with Development team.  • Developed work procedures for user related to SAP system.  • Validation of end users training and documentation.  • Developed the following Deliverables:  o The Project Charter, the Project plan and the Standards and Procedures. Education Masters of Science in Management University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD March 2012 Bachelor of Science in Accounting Ahmadu Bello University March 1995