Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Niche Soft Consulting Houston, TX Professional Cyber Security Analyst committed to maintaining cutting edge security protocols and up-to-date industry knowledge. Self-motivated, detail oriented, and motivated to drive projects from start to finish as part of a dynamic team. A good team player with good inter-personal relations as a result of years of experience as a customer service lead. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Niche Soft Consulting - Houston, TX December 2016 to Present • Performed regular preventative maintenance and upgrades which ensures network, system and data availability and integrity.  • Wrote and updated security plans to meet with NIST 800.53 Standards as a team.  • Generated security documentations, including; Security assessments reports; system security plans; Contingency plans and disaster recovery plans.  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and securing of data, reports and access.  • participates in monitoring network performance and regularly provide network performance statistical reports for both real-time and historical measurements. IT Security Analyst Royal IT Consulting - Lagos, NG February 2014 to November 2016 • Review of IT general controls and policies.  • Responsible for creating User access control in the organization and also maintaining it.  • Participated in the team that implemented ISMS based on ISO 27001.  • Troubleshoot printing and scanning issues to enable it available to users.  • Providing help desk and support to users as well as training colleagues on the software used by the organization.  • Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders. Flight Administrator ExecuJet Aviation Nigeria - Ikeja, Lagos June 2012 to December 2013 • ExecuJet Aviation Nigeria - Ikeja, Lagos Receive and greet passengers upon arrival Provide professional customer service to passengers and crew while on ground.  • Ensure passengers are properly treated to satisfaction on arrival and departure.  • Assist in checking-in and boarding of VIP passengers.  • Liaise with the crew on what's needed for the flight before departure In charge of clearing custom and immigration procedures.  • Coordinate other ground staff and delegate duties.  • Ensure all flight documents and paperwork are readily available and on time Always present a friendly, professional demeanor at all times. Education Bachelor of Science in Geography Sciences University of Ibadan Skills customer service (1 year), help desk (2 years), ISO (2 years), ISO 27001. (2 years), Security (4 years) Additional Information Skills  • ISO 27001/2  • COBIT 5  • Microsoft Office 365  • CompTIA A+  • CompTIA Security +  • NIST 800 SP    • ITIL/ IT Help Desk  • customer Service  • Strong verbal communication  • Team liaison  • Self-motivated