Information Security Analyst & Pre/Post sales Engineer Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> &amp; Pre/Post sales Engineer Information Security Engineer Berkeley Heights, NJ 4 years ago I made my entry into the IT field as a help desk level 1 technician. With a dedication that is still growing and a work ethic that sets me apart from my peers, I have worked my way up to my current position and am still pursuing avenues to better myself in this industry. I have learned a lot from every one of my past experiences and implement those lessons learned in every project. I am now looking for a role with a company I can grow ?with?. A company where growth is part of the culture, where personal growth intersects with business success. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst & Pre/Post sales Engineer HighCastle Cybersecurity February 2019 to Present Continuous monitoring of information systems and networked devices on internal and customer networks.  Conduct threat hunts and report findings to customer.  ? Design, installation and deployment of secure network architectures. Identify customer needs and provide  secure solutions while providing technical assistance in sales meetings.  ? Manage the EDR solution for multiple customer accounts. Create weekly reports of threat activity and present explanations and solutions to each.  ? Managing multiple accounts and providing customer engagement and support ensuring relations are  healthy through Jira  ? Working with senior executives and engineers on customer compliance (23 NYCRR) and conducting  assessments of their current stance. IT Technical Lead & Cybersecurity Analyst Honeywell - Morris, NJ January 2018 to February 2019 Technical Lead wholly tasked with designing and building a distributed network made up of 50 virtualized  servers, developing the active directory domain, and installing and configuring the security infrastructure  within 3 weeks for a government entities building control system.(First for the Americas branch of Honeywell Building Solutions)  ? Install, configure and maintain client ICS and BAS/BMS networks by installing and configuring servers and network devices. Reviewing Windows server and firewall logs and monitoring network traffic through  Wireshark/Fiddler for malicious activity and network troubleshooting  ? Worked with internal and external Cyber Security teams to develop policies that have become company  wide standards. I would also be tasked with confirming their implementation at customer sites.  ? Developed scripts to automate common tasks to avoid user error and time waste; Languages: Python,  Powershell & Bash IT Supervisor & System Administrator WorldStage, Inc - Secaucus, NJ November 2015 to January 2018 Worked with the Director of I.T. on planning the overall architecture of the network. I was tasked with performing onsite field reviews of new locations and constructing the integration of these locations with  our existing infrastructure.  ? Creating accounts in AD and Exchange on systems ranging from Windows Server 2003-2016 & linux  endpoints. Developing the Group Policy structure of the Active Directory Domain.  ? Maintaining Windows servers through routine endpoint hardware and software maintenance and keeping a strict database of all devices, their specs and location. Updating Switch firmware and performing  upgrades on edge systems.  ? Reviewing firewall logs and monitoring network traffic through wireshark for malicious activity  ? Developed python scripts to automate common tasks to avoid user error and time waste Education Bachelor of Science in Security & Risk Analysis in Cyber Security Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA August 2016 to Present Skills Network Security, Splunk, Siem, Information Security, JIRA, Windows Server, Python, Customer Relations, Log Management, Compliance, Continuous Monitoring Links http://linkedin.com/in/njqgnzkgnmmgnjegnmugnzqgnjugnmu https://github.com/pr0c-not1337 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CE July 2017 to July 2020 Additional Information ?Active member of the Penn State Cyber Competitive Security Organization - Competing in team based &individual effort CTF’s and hacking challenges, industry leader guest talks and learning workshops  ?I participate in hacking competitions such as Dice’s hackthisbillboard challenge(successful & appeared on alive billboard[?picture?]), NSA Codebreaker(ended at stage 5 of 6), Deloitte Cyber Threat competition and manymore. Coding challenges such as Google’s, Facebook’s and Penn State’s HackaTHONs. As well as successfullycompleting Vulnerable Virtual Machines from BSides, DEFCON, HackTheBox and many more to advance myknowledge and skills = Web Application Pentesting as a Hobby  ?Recently started participating in Bug Bounty programs, mainly BugCrowd and HackerOne.  ?Competed in National Cyber League regular Spring Season 2017 and Post-Season Teams. Placed in NationalGold Bracket in regular season(single), Silver Bracket Postseason(team).  ?I am currently working towards obtaining my OSCP certification and studying for CCNA 200-125  ?Started up lockpicking as a hobby and studying physical security exploits  ?On a mission to dispel the myth that “ IT departments are nothing more than black holes for money.”  ?Cybrary Cross-site Scripting June 22, 2017 - ?SC-525711913-d2c74d  ?Cybrary Security Operations June 21, 2017 - ?SC-525711913-98532