IT Information Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Information Security Analyst Des Moines, IA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Information Security Analyst Principal Financial Group - Des Moines, IA July 2013 to Present Responsibilities  IT Information Security Analyst at Principal Financial Group    Penetration Testing  Conduct pentests to identify known vulnerabilities on the network and systems.  Identify, confirm, and exploit known and unknown system and web application vulnerabilities  Perform reverse engineering of 3rd party and custom code to identify vulnerabilities  Create custom penetration test reports and assist in remediation.  Create custom penetration testing scripts, programs, and exploits.  Help design, implement, and maintain the network vulnerability management service.    Network Security Monitoring  Help to implement and design new Intrusion Detection System capabilities, incident response methodology, and frameworks  Design and implemented new malware analysis tools, methodology, and services for Principal.  Perform deep packet and in-depth analysis of IDS alerts; providing insight into the incident and remediation steps when necessary.  Help identify new ways to protect the company    Incident Response  Perform forensic investigations to determine how systems are compromised, retrace attacker’s activities, and determine the impact of the compromise.  Perform malware analysis and reverse engineering to determine the best methods of removal of malicious software and to determine the impact and severity of the infection. Security Analyst True Digital Security - Tulsa, OK August 2010 to July 2013 Network Security Monitoring  • Helped to implement and design new Intrusion Detection System capabilities, incident response  methodology, and frameworks  • Designed and implemented new malware analysis tools, methodology, and services for TRUE.  • Perform deep packet and in-depth analysis of IDS alerts for customers; providing insight into the incident and remediation steps when necessary.  • Perform malware analysis to assist customers in removal of malicious software and determine the impact and severity of the infection.  • Interface with clients to determine the best configuration and placement for TRUE's IDS sensors.    Incident Response  • Perform forensic investigations to determine how systems are compromised, retrace attacker's  activities, and determine the impact of the compromise for the customer.  Resume:    • Perform malware analysis to assist customers in removal of malicious software and determine the impact and severity of the infection.  • Assist customers in remediating vulnerabilities, cleaning infections, and hardening compromised  systems.    Social Engineering  • Developed TRUE social engineering methodology.  • Created phishing e-mails, fake websites, and called employees to gain access to confidential  data.  • Used common social engineering techniques such as tailgating to physically gain access customer  facilities and confidential data.  • Wrote custom scripts and programs for social engineering engagements.    Penetration Testing  • Conduct compliance based penetration tests. Including PCI, HIPPA, ISO 2700.  • Conduct vulnerability scans to identify known vulnerabilities on client's networks and systems.  • Identify, confirm, and exploit known and unknown system and web application vulnerabilities  • Create custom penetration test reports and assist customers in remediation. Intern University of Oklahoma - Tulsa, OK May 2009 to August 2009 Research  • Assisted graduate students in building and configuring systems for research.  • Assisted graduate students in running tests and experiments.    IT Support  • Helped to build and implement a VoIP system for the students in the EE program.  • Configure and maintain softphones for students and facility.  • Basic workstation troubleshooting, repair, and maintenance. Intern BP Pipelines - Tulsa, OK May 2008 to August 2008 • Basic workstation troubleshooting, repair, and maintenance  • Configuration of network devices.  • Created backup images for employee workstations.  • Wrote scripts to help with administration tasks. Education Bachelors in Information Assurance and Forensics Oklahoma State University - Institute of Technology - Okmulgee, OK 2011 Associate in Information Assurance and Forensics Tulsa Community College - Tulsa, OK 2009 Skills exploit development, reverse engineering, Python, C++, C, penetration testing, IDA Pro, x86 Assembly, Burp Suite, wireshark, Linux, Immunity Degbugger, gdb, ARM Certifications/Licenses GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst (GCIA) July 2013 to July 2017 GIAC Exploit Researcher and Advanced Penetration Tester (GXPN) April 2016 to April 2020 Additional Information Additional Training:  The Exploit Laboratory: Red Team  The Exploit Laboratory: Master  The Exploit Laboratory: ARM Exploitation