IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Cybervision Technologies Brooklyn Park, MN I am specialized in areas such as Certification and Accreditation (C&A), Risk Management, Authentication & Access Control, System Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Physical and environmental security, Incident Response, and Disaster Recovery. I am an expert in FISMA and SOX 404 compliance, IT Security Training, developing security policies, procedures and guidelines. I am a fast learner and easily adapt to new working environment. I have very good analytical and organizational skills. I have the ability to do multi-task, and can also work independently and also in a team. I have a strong verbal and written communication skills and also in technical writing skill    • Willing to relocate: Anywhere * Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Cybervision Technologies - Bronx, NY January 2015 to Present • Analyzes current enterprise information security systems and reports all suspicious activity and assists with investigation of security incidents.  • Assists in developing and maintaining the information security response plan and enterprise information security policies and procedures    • Operates in an unbiased manner, maintaining confidentiality and integrity with all information security events and systems.    • Collaborates with the Information Security team members and systems administrators on information security issues. Develops projects and priorities subject to approval of Management and provides status reporting and metrics.    • Performs information security risk assessments, reviews logs and serves as an internal analyst for security issues.    • Responsible for assisting in implementing and validation of information security changes to the enterprise infrastructure.    • Responsible for vulnerability management; provides accurate and timely reporting; reports metrics to senior management; assists with remediation efforts.    • Responsible for validation of application security testing. Works with application development team to ensure secure coding standards are followed and appropriate security testing is performed.    • Uses the Internet and other similar information collection methods to stay current with the latest information security threats and mitigation techniques.    • Provides information security consulting services to the systems administrators and IT team members.    • Responsible for supporting and training personnel on information security program.    • Developing, reviewing and updating SAP documentation using Federal Certification and Accreditation (C&A) processes to "accredit" systems.    • Communicating and enforcing security policies, procedures and safeguards for all systems and staff, based upon NIST    • Analyzing and advising on the risk and remediation of security issues based on reports from vulnerability assessment scanners, patch management tools, and emerging threat information.    • Initiate, coordinate and track the patching and remediation of security weaknesses as they are discovered, via a "Plan of Actions and Milestones" (POA&M).    • Conducting meeting with leadership and briefing on the State of Security for the systems in their purview. Information Security Specialist Cokem International - Shakopee, MN September 2012 to October 2014 • Analyzes current enterprise information security systems and reports all suspicious activity and assists with investigation of security incidents.    • Assists in developing and maintaining the information security response plan and enterprise information security policies and procedures    • Developed test plans, testing procedures and documented test results and exceptions.    • Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented the controls.    • Developed test plans, testing procedures and documented test results and exceptions.  • Conducted walkthroughs, documented gaps, and developed remediation plans for each area of testing.  • Developed the Audit Plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security, Business Continuity Planning, and Relationship with Outsourced Vendors.  • Created and implemented all security documentations required for the certification and accreditation, and took the system through full accreditation.  • Participated in security team meetings and rendered other support to IT Security office, which included ensuring appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements for all IT systems.  • Conducted security awareness training and expected rules of behavior for end-users.  • Identified and evaluated the technical, management, and operational security controls.  • Provided and supported procedures for reporting and responding to security incident  • Operates in an unbiased manner, maintaining confidentiality and integrity with all information security events and systems. Information Compliance Analyst Emerson Inc - Shakopee, MN January 2012 to July 2012 • Assessed program and security controls using Organization IT Security Policy Handbook and NIST Special Publications to provide information necessary to determine their overall effectiveness  • Developed and maintained C&A documentations, including System Security Plans, Contingency Plans, Risk Assessment Reports and evaluated existing documents and their accuracy  • Performed Contingency Plan Test and Training to ensure systems' recoverability as defined in IT systems security requirements  • Helped guide System Owners and ISSOs through the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process  • Ensured the management, operational and technical controls for securing either sensitive Security Systems / IT Systems are in place and are followed according to federal guidelines(NISTSP800-53)  • Certification and Accreditation Package review per NIST SP 800-37  • Prepared and reviewed C&A package for information systems  • Requested and reviewed vulnerability scans  • Created PO&AMs and develop mitigation strategies as required  • Worked with C&A team members and senior representatives to establish and define programs, resources, schedules and risks. Education MBA St. Mary's University of Minnesota School of Business and Technology - Minneapolis, MN October 2016 Bachelor of Arts in Psychology / Information Systems in Psychology / Information Systems University of Ghana - Accra, GH August 2009 RISK MANAGEMENT NIST Skills Authentication (Less than 1 year), Risk Assessment (2 years), Security (5 years), System Security (Less than 1 year), testing. (5 years) Additional Information SKILLS  • Four to Five (5) years' experience in IT security compliance work, including demonstrated experience documenting policy and IT security artifacts in accordance with NIST.  Data Security, Cloud Security and Force point.  • In-depth understanding and professional knowledge in providing support and guidance to System Owners through the NIST Risk Management Framework & System Assessment and Authorization processes, including monitoring C&A artifact compliance, annual self-assessment (NIST) completion, vulnerability scans, annual contingency plan testing, and POA&M management.  • Ability to provide support and guidance through the phases of FISMA C&A, including monitoring of the C&A artifacts compliance, annual self-assessment (NIST SP 800-53A guidelines) and quarterly self-assessment completion using NIST SP 800-26 guidelines.  • Review and update the System Security Plan (SSP) using NIST SP 800-18 guidelines.  • Review and update MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) and ISA (Interconnection Security Agreement) document.  • Review and update Risk Assessment (RA) using NIST SP 800-30 guidelines.  • Review and update Contingency Plan (CP) using NIST SP 800-34 guidelines.  • Ability to develop POA&M document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test &Evaluation).  • Develop the following documents: Risk Assessment Report, E-Authentication, Fips-199, Privacy Assessment, System Security Plan, Contingency Plan, Contingency Plan Test, Security Assessment Plan, and Security Assessment Report, POA&M's and cyber security/Privacy related documentations.  • Perform Security Control Assessment (SCA) according to NIST SP