IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Department of Labor Severn, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst Department of Labor - Washington, DC June 2013 to Present • Analyzed and updated System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and Evaluation (ST&E) and the Plan Of Actions and Milestones (POA&M)  • Assisted System Owners and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for company's IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4  • Designated systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60  • Conducted Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A)  • Performed Vulnerability Assessment. Make sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper action have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems  • Created standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages Information Security Analyst Capital One Bank March 2012 to May 2013 • Performed IT risk assessment and document the system security keys controls  • Meet with IT team to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures and document test results and exceptions  • Designed and Conduct walkthroughs, formulate test plans, test results and develop remediation plans for each area of the testing  • Wrote audit reports for distribution to management and senior management documenting the results of the audit  • Participated in the SOX testing of the General Computer Controls  • Developed a Business Continuity Plan and relationship with outsourced vendors  • Evaluated clients key IT processes such as change management, systems development  • Computer/data center operations and managing security at database, network and application layers. Linux System Administrator General Fiber Communication - Baltimore, MD January 2010 to February 2012 Performed Installation and administration of RHEL 5.0/6.0 and CentOS.  ? Used tools like SSH to perform remote system administration.  ? Created and managed user's accounts, profiles, security, directories and file permissions, and Process monitoring on CentOS and RHEL.  ? Diagnosed Hardware/Software problems and provided solutions.  ? Managed disk space and file systems using LVM on RHEL and CentOS.  ? Planned and implemented system upgrades including hardware, operating systems and periodic patching.  ? Designed Firewall rules for new servers to enable communication with application.  ? Installed RHEL using kickstart and applied security policies for hardening the server based on company policies.  ? Applied appropriate support packages/patches to maintain system integrity.  ? Experience in automating Red hat deployment packages using Satellite server.  ? Provided enterprise level support for DNS, DHCP, SSL and PKI administration and maintenance. Education A.S. in Sciences Anne Arundel Community College - Arnold, MD Additional Information • Performed Certification and Accreditation documentation in compliance with company standards  • Developed, review and evaluated System Security Plan based NIST Special Publications  • Performed comprehensive assessments and wrote reviews of management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems  • Developed and conducted ST&E ( Security Test and Evaluation) according to NIST SP 800-53A and NIST SP 800-53R4  • In depth knowledge of COOP, COSO and COBIT Frameworks  • Compiled data to complete Residual Risk Report and to insert contents into the POA&M  • Ability to multi-task, work independently and as part of a team  • Strong analytical and quantitative skills    Technology Summary  • Security Technologies: Retina Network Security Scanner, Nessus Nmap, Nsat, CSAM, TAF, Anti-Virus Tools  • Systems: Unix/Linux-Based Systems, Windows 9X/NT/2000/XP  • Networking: LANs, WANs, VPNs, Cisco Routers/Switches, Firewalls, TCP/IP  • Software: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)    Key Skills  • Network & System Security  • Risk Management  • Authentication and Access Control  • Vulnerability Assessment  • System Monitoring & Regulatory Compliance