IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Holy Cross Hospital Odenton, MD Work Experience IT Security Analyst Holy Cross Hospital 2016 to Present Develops Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&M) document to remedy systems vulnerabilities resulting from System Test & Evaluation(ST&E).  ? Develops the audit plan and performs the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security.  ? Formulates test plans, and documented gaps, test results, exceptions and developed remediation plans for each area with vulnerabilities.  ? Develops Security Assessment Report(SAR) detailing the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action & Milestones (POAM.)  ? Assists in the identification of risks as part of the risk management process, including business continuity and disaster recovery planning.  ? Performs bi-annual security policy review to ensure all information is current with the laws, directives and regulations.  ? Performs Security Categorization(FIPS 199).  ? Performs Privacy Threshold Analysis(PTA), E-Authentication with business owners selected stakeholders.  ? Develops and conducts Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) according to NIST SP 800-53A rev 3 and rev 4  ? Carries continuous monitoring after authorization(ATO) to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements.  ? Develops Security Assessment Plan(SAP) to initiate Security Assessment for low, moderate and high control information systems.  ? Updates IT security policies, procedures, standards and guidelines according to department and federal requirements.  ? Reviews and updates some of the system categorization using FIPS 199.  ? Conducts Security Control Assessment on General Support Systems (GSS), Major Applications and Systems to ensure that such Information Systems are operating within strong security posture.  ? Develops policy and procedural controls relating to Management, Operational and Technical Controls for the Organization. Security Control Assessor Adventist HealthCare 2015 to 2016 Administered company information security testing and protection plans by analyzing and updating System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security test and (ST&E) and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  ? Assisted System Owners and ISSO in preparing certification and Accreditation package for companies IT systems, making sure that management, operational and technical security controls adhere to a formal and well-established security requirement authorized by NIST SP 800-53 R4  ? Designated systems and categorize its C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  ? Conducted Self-Annual Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A).  ? Performed Vulnerability Assessment after identifying potential threats by making sure that risks are assessed, evaluated and a proper action have been taken to limit their impact on the Information and Information Systems to ensure mitigating the identified risks.  ? Created standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization  ? Conducted I.T controls risk assessments that included reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures and provided advice on their adequacy, accuracy and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. Business Requirement Analyst APN Consulting Inc 2009 to 2015 Acted as a liaison between business and technical team to obtain detailed Functional, Business requirements, users'  ? requirements and Business rules that will help make the system development easier for the technical team.  ? Collaborated with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyzed tradeoffs  ? between usability and performance needs.  ? Provided reports on projects scheduled to the project manager as well as supported other team members to ensure  ? project success.  ? Independently interacted regularly with clients of varying associate, management levels to gather and analyzed  ? business requirements and interpreted solutions, business needs and issues in order to design solutions that would  ? solve technical and business issues.  ? Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. Education Bachelor of Arts University of Ghana 2008 Skills Cyber Security, Nist, Information Security