Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Becton Dickinson Randallstown, MD Certified authorization professional (CAP) with over 5 years of experience in Risk Management  Framework (RMF), System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Vulnerabilities Management using FISMA,  NIST 800 series, FIPS, and in depth understanding of numerous security tools. Solid foundation in  programing, networking and information system. Work Experience Information Security Analyst Becton Dickinson January 2016 to Present Experience with certification and accreditation activities in particular, experience in the area of moving accreditation packages through the RMF process to Authority To Operate  (ATO)  ? Perform Yearly self-assessment using NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 as a guide  ? Develop POA&M (Plan of Action & Milestones) documents to take corrective actions  resulting from System Test &Evaluation  ? Review all ISSO provided documentation for accuracy and relevancy, provide follow-up to ISSOs  to ensure documents are properly completed  ? Assess program and security controls using Organization IT Security Policy Handbook and NIST Special Publications to provide information necessary to determine their overall  effectiveness. Becton Dickinson - Cockeysville, MD August 2012 to Present IT Security Analyst Becton Dickinson November 2014 to January 2016 Experience in setting up and maintaining security applications such as firewalls,  vulnerability scans and intrusion detection systems  ? Assist with cyber threats investigation, identification, analysis and validation using Spunk  ? Perform and assist with Risk Assessment activities through testings(Nessus vulnerability  scanning) and documents review  ? Ongoing monitoring, identification, and reporting security violations using security scanners  ? Responsible for monitoring compliance with information security policies by coaching others  within the organization on acceptable uses of information technology and how to protect the organization systems Production Technician Becton Dickinson August 2012 to November 2014 Monitored quality in accordance with statistical process and other procedures  ? Report Quality Notification as they occur by documenting quality issues and production  activities  ? Perform root-cause analysis activities for process or product exceptions Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Sciences in Computer Sciences University of Maryland University College 2018 Associate of Science in Engineering in Engineering Baltimore City Community College 2016 Master of Science in Finance and Accounting in Finance and Accounting University of Douala 2009 Bachelor of Science in Management in Management University of Douala 2008