Network Security Analyst Network <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Network Security Analyst Burke, VA ? Deductive reasoning and problem diagnosis - ability to create effective solutions to system and process flaws.  ? Able to handle multiple assignments under pressure and consistently meet tight deadlines.  ? Demonstrate excellent organizational, interpersonal, communication, and problem solving skills.  ? Committed to exceeding prescribed goals through determination, integrity, and accountability.  ? Motivated to undertake new challenges and able to quickly adapt to new work settings.  ? Value working in fast pace, challenging and team oriented environment. Work Experience Network Security Analyst State Department Federal Credit Union - Alexandria, VA May 2010 to May 2014 Project Manager for Unified Communications project.  ? Project Manager for Virtual Desktop project.  ? Responsible for the back up and patching all servers including virtual and physical devices.  ? Analyze weekly security reports and vulnerability tests for network weakness and made recommendations to management for remediation and resolution.  ? Served as the Systems Administrator with day to day onsite user support, including active directory, upgrading desktops, assisting users and adding networked appliances such as scanners and faxes.  ? Assisted the Systems Engineer with upgrading and troubleshooting infrastructure, including the racking and installation of servers, switches and other components. Network Security Analyst Hewlett Packard - Herndon, VA June 2009 to May 2010 Monitor government client networks for malicious activity and analyze data to determine breach, attack type, origination, and severity. Advise upper management on problem areas and recommend practical and effective solutions.  ? Perform network, switch, and router configuration and provide testing and field training for system architecture.  ? Analyze and document security requirements for computer systems including mainframes, workstations and PC's.  ? Prepare deliverables and presentations to support staff and upper management.  ? Provide technical support for encryption software and help trouble-shoot problems for local & remote computer systems.  ? Evaluate system and operational compliance against established company policies and regulations.  ? Administer several U.S. Government ticketing systems including HUD and DLA. IT Tech Support GMU School of Management - Fairfax, VA September 2006 to March 2008 Monitored and managed daily inventory controls for university computers and electronic equipment and alerted management to inventory shortages and backlogs.  ? Assumed an important role in upgrading and enhancing educational equipment facilities by coordinating project activities and assigning specific responsibilities to support staff.  ? Provided university faculty and staff with technical support by identifying and repairing equipment failures.  ? Served as a liaison between university faculty and staff, and the University Director of Technology for Infrastructure & Security. Education Bachelor of Arts in Conflict Analysis Resolution George Mason University School of Arts - Fairfax, VA August 2005 to January 2009 Additional Information COMPUTER PROFICIENCY & IT DEVELOPMENT:    • Windows Operating Systems • MS Office Platforms • Network Security  • Virtual Emulation • Malware Prevention • HW Install & Repair  • LAN Systems • TCP/IP • FTP    SIGNIFICANT COURSEWORK:    • International Conflict • Globalization • Crisis Management  • Organizational Conflict • Criminology • Terrorism  • Identity Conflict • Diplomacy • Sociology