IT Security/Compliance Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span>/Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security/Compliance Analyst - CourtCall Irvine, CA Work Experience IT Security/Compliance Analyst CourtCall - Los Angeles, CA September 2016 to Present Project: PCI-DSS Compliance Assessment/ IT Audit    Established in 1995, CourtCall's Remote Appearance Platform has facilitated millions of appearances for thousands of Judges, attorneys and other participants throughout the United States, Canada and worldwide.    Responsibilities  Providing guidance on Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) requirements along with assisting in the completion of security objectives and completion of the annual self-assessments in most efficient ways to meet compliance goals.    • Document and test control descriptions and changes to meet regulatory and internal audit requirements.  • SAQ assistance, and development of required PCI security policies and procedures.  • Ensure control accuracy and remediate any issues related to control exceptions  • Conduct control reviews for operating systems, applications, and systems infrastructure.  • Develop and maintain timeline and milestones.  • Perform Penetration (onsite, external and service) and Vulnerability testing  • Defines security requirements by researching compliance certification standards.  • Develop and maintain task lists and action items.  • Identify and follow-up with owners of tasks and action items.  • Create documentation on progress.  • Track remediation of identified gaps.  • Assess and document the compliance status of systems and functions  • Performs on-site visits to franchise locations to assess compliance with PCI and applicable privacy and data security requirements  • Manage PCI related security to balance business needs with security policy and applicable regulations and requirements  • Develops, maintains and documents procedures to facilitate PCI/SOX compliance with regards to IT activities and systems    Client: AIM (Active Interest Media)  IT Auditor  Project: Annual IT Audit    One of the world's largest enthusiast media companies, Active Interest Media (aimmedia.com) produces leading consumer and trade events, websites, magazines, and films and TV shows that reach 40 million readers, fans, and attendees in 85 countries.    Responsibilities:  IT Audit to cover 11 different areas of Control Review including Executive/Risk Management, IT Governance, Policies and Procedures, Logical Access, Physical and Environmental, Network Security, Incident Management, Hardware/Software Configuration, Application Development, Change Management, Disaster Recovery and the several control objectives within each area of the assessment.  • Performs audit tracking testing to confirm audit recommendations are complete.  • Review and distribute audit reports to upper management for responses.  • Conduct complex audits and making suggestions to enhance the audit process  • Identifying and researching issues and then providing supported analysis proposing solutions  • Ensure findings of unmitigated risks and/or control deficiencies are adequately communicated to be understood and remediated by operations and engineering management and senior management.  • Identify opportunities to standardize, simplify and improve processes to drive balanced risk management.  • Testing access and security controls on (Password Management, Policy Management, Remote Authentication, Perimeter Security, Risk Assessment, Change Management, Incident Management, Business Continuity, etc.)  • Preparing clear documentation of conclusions  • Preparing draft and assist with final audit report    Client: Superior Grocery  IT Auditor  Project: Annual IT Audit    Superior Grocers was established in1981 in California and since then has grown to over 45 stores throughout Southern California.    Responsibilities:  IT Audit to cover 11 different areas of Control Review including Executive/Risk Management, IT Governance, Policies and Procedures, Logical Access, Physical and Environmental, Network Security, Incident Management, Hardware/Software Configuration, Application Development, Change Management, Disaster Recovery and the several control objectives within each area of the assessment.  • Ensure findings of unmitigated risks and/or control deficiencies are adequately communicated to be understood and remediated by operations and engineering management and senior management.  • Identify opportunities to standardize, simplify and improve processes to drive balanced risk management.  • Ensure findings of unmitigated risks and/or control deficiencies are adequately communicated to be understood and remediated by operations and engineering management and senior management.  • Identify opportunities to standardize, simplify and improve processes to drive balanced risk management.  • Testing access and security controls  • Segregation of duties ( IT application controls) Databases, networks, applications, and operating systems  • Preparing clear documentation of conclusions  • Preparing draft and assist with final audit report Fulltime training for DOD New Horizon, CA October 2015 to July 2016 8570) approved Cyber/Network Security training including but not limited to CompTIA A +, CompTIA Security+, CompTIA Network +, CompTIA Cloud. Project Manager Mobilitie, LLC - Newport Beach, CA July 2015 to October 2015 Mobilitie is a global provider of complete wireless solutions. Such as design, build and engineer robust wireless solutions, infrastructure, operate networks, and provides complete solutions includes funding, designing, building, operating and maintaining neutral host outdoor and indoor DAS networks, Small Cells, Wi-Fi networks and communication towers.    Responsibilities  At Mobilitie the primary goal was to simultaneously manage current and upcoming projects. Managed Software Management System which was a homegrown centralized Hub for entire front end and database system and it was consist of many modules to service entire company's needs. Including, Security Authentication system, Document Repository, Employee Directory, Legal Library, Purchase Requisition, Property Management, Asset Management, Mobile and Marketing Applications.  • Acted as liaison between IT and Business and made recommendations  • Meeting with business owners, gathered and documented requirements, and delivered requirements to developers and programmers.  • Setting timelines, resources, and budget  • Handled issues and bugs, created bugs logs  • Identify roles and responsibilities, setting team directions, coordinated activities across departments, assigning work, coordinating and Motivating team members, documented, managed and scheduled resources  • Managed and documented (CR) change requests, project progress, project status reports, and screened and hired more resources  • Handle help desk issues including ITIL ticketing system Business Analyst SaveMax WebCart, LLC - Irvine, CA January 2015 to June 2015 Project: End-to-End e-Commerce Solution for Irvine based startup company, focusing on supply chain industry.    Responsibilities  • Helped with project definition and implementation of B2C ecommerce website hosted at public cloud and coordinated with offshore technical team  • Gathered and analyzed data in supply chain industry  • Visited and interviewed many vendors for collection of data  • Worked with business sponsor to analyze and define solution and change direction of project, resulting in cost reduction by 60%  • Evaluated the implementation of Open ERP and CRM (Odoo), selection of outside vendor as implementation partner, created flow charts, activity diagrams, data flow diagrams using Visio  • Implemented Odoo ecommerce solution integrated with Odoo backend ERP for order fulfillment, inventory control, delivery system (On-demand-Delivery) and financials Business Analyst TEK System - Newport Beach, CA October 2014 to January 2015 Project: Migration of Legacy system to New Generation Servicing System with upgrade of existing infrastructure    Privately held, 11 years old consumer lending company that offers personal, business, auto, and real estate loans to its customers in a state of California and seven other states. At CashCall the primary focus was to document as-is functionalities of current servicing and loan origination system (LOS) (documentation was not available). Identify the gaps and enhancements not available in current systems and to be incorporated as "Must Have" functionalities in newly developed systems. The project was to migrate from current LOS (Method) due to its functional limitations to newly developed LOS to efficiently handle loan origination process of unsecured consumer loans.  Responsibilities  Due to inadequate documentation, I was required to capture AS-IS functionalities of the existing system so that gaps could be identified and desired enhancement features can be captured for new system supposed to be developed.  • Interviewed loan origination business units to understand their needs and captured into requirement documents of new system  • Made substantial efforts to produce an initial draft of BRD  • Worked with business stakeholders to understand the underwriting and funding requirements so that decision system can be properly automated along with business rules engines  • Gathered and analyzed data in support of business cases, proposed projects and systems requirements from a functional and technical perspective  • Document current (as-is) Personal Loan Servicing System based on interviews with SMEs and existing procedures manual  • Created requirement gathering documents, As-Is, BRD, High-Level Scope, Project Charter, RTM, and other project related documents.  • Prepared infrastructure requirement document and flowchart using Visio.  • Prepare meeting agenda, meeting minutes and weekly status reports.  • Assisted all aspects of project delivery with guidance from the Project Manager.  • Prepared Data flow diagram and data mapping documents.  • Handle help desk issues including ITIL ticketing system  • TFS functionalities were utilized to manage all agile/SCRUM projects  • TFS was used for trouble tickets and tracked based on low/high priority and assignments. Business Analyst DPW March 2012 to July 2014 Project: County System Update    DPW (Department of Public Works) of a Southern California agency wanted a major system upgrade/update to consolidate 15 homegrown systems into a single commercial off the shelf (COTS) platform. Followings were the major tasks performed as a BA.  Responsibilities  • Collaborate with major stakeholders to elicit requirements.  • Analyze requirements and convert them into estimable, testable, and independent user stories.  • Document requirement, user stories, acceptance criteria, and process flows.  • Prioritize user stories with the Product Owner on the weekly basis.  • Update management on the project status on the weekly basis.  • Worked with the developers and testers throughout the sprint.  • Created very detailed business process flow charts for as is processes using Visio based on 20 years old documents.  • Assisted with developing stakeholder requirements elicitation questionnaire.  • Created Business Process Document and Data Flow Charts.    Client: Universal Herbs  Business Analyst    Universal Herbs (www.herbspro.com) wanted to re-architect their existing e-commerce site to improve efficiency by providing additional automation through back office modules, which reduced the manual processing required for adding, modifying and deleting products, streamlined the supply chain processes, vendor management and product lines, and provided a mechanism to easily identify and remove duplicates.  Responsibilities  • Involved in project activities throughout the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).  • Elicited requirements from stakeholders to identify and evaluate opportunities for improvements.  • Prepared project documentation including gap analysis, impact analysis, business requirements (BRD), functional requirements (FRD), test cases, and requirements traceability matrix (RTM).  • Developed detailed as-is and to-be process flows using MS Visio.  • Created UML diagrams such as activity diagrams, use case diagrams, and sequence diagrams using MS Visio.  • Presented prototypes and walk-throughs of the new functionality to the stakeholders.  • Coordinated with the technical team and QA to acquire test data and conduct QA tests.  • Planned, executed and controlled User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Supported release and change management team activities.  • Developed user manuals and provided "End User" training.  • Obtained stakeholder approval & signoffs.  • Provided initial post-implementation support for the new functionality until transitioned to the off-shore support team.    Keller Williams/Tarbell Realtors 10 Years  • Strong and Diverse experience in Residential and Commercial Real Estate, including home sales condos, single family homes, luxury homes, leasing vacations homes, leasing and selling offices, restaurants, medical and retail. Skills TRAINING (3 years), VISIO (3 years), REAL ESTATE (2 years), SECURITY (1 year), COMPTIA (Less than 1 year), DOD (Less than 1 year), PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY (Less than 1 year), HIPAA Links http://www.linkedin.com/safiadada Certifications/Licenses HIPAA March 2017 to Present CompTIA A+ March 2016 to March 2019 Real Estate License June 2006 to June 2018 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  CompTIA A+, CompTIA Security +, CompTIA Network +, CompTIA Cloud, Wireshark, Nessus, Nexpose, Nmap (zenmap), Office 365, MS Dynamic CRM, Windows Server 2012, Windows XP/7/2010 Operating System, VMware, MDM (Mobile Device Management) Waterfall, Agile, Windows, Microsoft word, Power point, MS Project, MS Outlook, Excel, Visio, SharePoint, MS Active Directory, Group Policy, BOX, TFS, HP Quality Center (QC), QTP, JIRA, Wiki, PCI, ITIL, SOX, BYOD, IT Ticketing System.  Cloud: Iaas, Paas, Saas, DaaS, Virtualization  Networking Protocols: TCP/IP, WINS, DHCP, DNS, SMTP, POP3, HTTP, FTP  Installations: Hardware and peripheral (printer, scanner, modem, router, expansion cards), hard drive, RAM, optical drives (SATA, PATA DVD Drives, CD Drives), power supply    Certifications/Training/License  DOD 8570 Certification CompTIA A+  ((CompTIA Security +, CompTIA Network +, CompTIA Cloud +(Pending))  HIPAA, MS Office Certified, Business Analysis, Quality Assurance, and Real Estate License