Cyber Security Mentor Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Mentor Vansant, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Mentor EWI - Columbus, OH September 2018 to March 2019 One of four residents in my county to be selected for a pilot cybersecurity training program. More specific details of the pilot can be found here: https://www.vaceda.org/vceda-closes-on-509895-grant-to-buchanan-county-ida-for-cybersecurity-project/    We were trained on various basic networking, security postures, frameworks, incident response, vulnerability management, threat management, risk assessment, network monitoring, IDS/IPS and more. This training Included NIST, ITIL, CSF, PCI-DSS and applications such as Snort, Kibana, Nessus, nmap, Wireshark, PuTTY and more. We were trained under experienced certified network and security analysts/penetration testers at Build Cyber, Bowling Green, KY. After having passed the respective CompTIA certification, I led the last month of our program as a mentor to the others.  IT Service Center Analyst Northrop Grumman - Lebanon, VA October 2016 to September 2018 As help desk analysts, we provided 24/7 technical support for Northrop employees, contractors and business partners via telephone and chat. This included the use of a ticket system, where during busy times of the year we finish our shifts with 70 or more tickets. We provided troubleshooting and support for a wide range of applications mostly related to engineering, network connectivity, user account information and more. We were required to meet certain monthly statistical averages in regard to call handle time and ticket processing. I performed well on nearly all of my customer feedback surveys.  Admissions Assistant Appalachian College of Pharmacy - Oakwood, VA August 2014 to October 2016 While working in the office for admissions and the Registrar I was tasked with maintaining student records (both physical and digital copies). Our office also handled both potential and newly accepted students. As the only 3-year PharmD program in the state of Virginia, our office was very busy year-round. We set up interview events, graduation and orientation. I personally helped develop a method of processing the PhamCAS (Pharmacy College Application Service) applications almost completely online, making the processing more efficient and less wasteful.  Education Bachelor's in Cyber Security and Information Assurance Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT June 2019 to Present Skills Active Directory (2 years), Cisco (Less than 1 year), CompTIA (Less than 1 year), Customer Service (5 years), Linux (Less than 1 year), Mac (2 years), Microsoft Office (8 years), Networking (Less than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), Information Security, Nist, Cyber Security, Siem, training, Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA CySA+ March 2019 to March 2022 Formerly known as CSA+, CySA+ is the most up-to-date security analyst certification that covers advanced persistent threats in a post-2014 cybersecurity environment. CySA+ is the only intermediate high-stakes cybersecurity analyst certification with performance-based questions covering security analytics, intrusion detection and response. Assessments Technical Support — Expert April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fpn1-1cs4ienzn6g Customer Service Skills — Proficient September 2018 Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/oyazvpzpsvtg7kpn Email — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/iksxbokwh78wtdxa Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.