Information Assurance Specialist Information Assurance Specialist Information Assurance Specialist - Bavin Corp Washington, DC A Skilled IT professional with a combined four years' worth of experience with FISMA Compliance, A-130 Security Controls Assessment and Security Documentation Reviews on Federal and Commercial engagements. Highly knowledgeable on the Risk Management Framework and the supporting NIST SP 800 Series: 800-37, 800-137, 800-53, 800-53 A rev 4, 800-60, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200. Proficient in Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) management, Continuous Monitoring, Authentication & Access Control, Systems Monitoring and Regulatory Compliance. Dynamic professional with the ability to adapt to changing environments and communicate clearly. Proven ability to think and solve problems creatively and strategically.  Citizen. Authorized to work in the United States for any employer. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Assurance Specialist Bavin Corp July 2017 to Present • Serve on a team of information security professionals in the development of security policies, procedures, and security certification & accreditation (A&A) packages for a variety of commercial and government activities worldwide.  • Developing and conducting A&A according to NIST SP 800-53A and OMB Circular A-130.  ? Participate in the planning, execution and reporting on the effectiveness of the security controls adopted for the information system.  ? Conduct meetings with the IT team to gather evidence and create documentation about their control environment in order to plan for security assessments.  ? Review vulnerability scan, audit and risk assessment reports.  ? Review the System Security Plan (SSP) to scope/ frame the assessment engagement and to reflect any changes in the system post assessment as well as during continuous monitoring.  ? Review the System Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) in order to support remediation efforts and ensure that vulnerabilities are tracked and remediated within the allotted time frame.  ? Support remediation efforts for findings noted on the Security Assessment Report (SAR), by noting and closing "low hanging fruit", reassessing security controls, updating recommendations, etc.  • Establish Continuous Monitoring for each system (Vulnerability Scanning and Testing Controls).  • Use Continuous Monitoring results to iteratively scope and tailor security controls based on Risk levels and Business Mission/ goals for the assessment project. Information Security Analyst Colvine-Tech Consulting August 2015 to June 2017 • Engage key stakeholders in categorizing information systems that need to undergo full Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) process.  • Interview key personnel to document the implementation statements for security controls.  • Risk Management Framework (RMF) assessments and Continuous Monitoring: Performed RMF assessment on several different environments using both scanning tools and manual assessment.  • Determine security controls effectiveness (i.e., controls implemented correctly, operating as intended, and meeting security requirements).  • Ensure customers are in compliance with security policies and procedures following NIST 800 53 and NIST 800-53A.  • Created documents for FEDRAMP A&A process to retrieve ATO through GSA.  • Used NIST SP 800-53 to review SSP, SAR and SAP templates for cloud system. IT Security Specialist Crest Consulting Group January 2015 to August 2015 • Ensure customers are in compliance with security policies and procedures following NIST 800 53 and NIST 800-53A.  • Review and assessed Vulnerability scan results. Monitored the network and provided security events analysis and support for the organization.  • Assisted with review of policy, security alerts guidance, regulations and technical advances in IT Security Management.  • Understanding of security operations concepts: BYOD management, data loss, protection, insider threat, and risk assessment.  • Social engineering/awareness training.  • Communicated effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, and senior leadership. Education Bachelor's in International Relations Cornell College May 2017 Skills Dns, Ec2, Json, Visio, Clustering, Life cycle, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Publisher, Pipeline Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ CAP July 2018 CCSK April 2018