Associate (Big Data) Associate (Big Data) Indianapolis, IN CLEARED FOR TOP SECRET INFORMATION AND GRANTED ACCESS TO SENSITIVE COMPARTMENTED INFORMATION BASED ON SINGLE SCOPE BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION COMPLETED ON October 22, 2018. Work Experience Associate (Big Data) Infosys Limited December 2018 to Present • Trained in Management of Hadoop cluster with all included services.  • Proficiency in Hadoop v2, MapReduce, HDFS, and Sqoop.  • Design and build the infrastructure for data extraction, preparation, and loading of data from a variety of sources using technology such as SQL.  • Experience with building stream processing system using solutions such as Spark-streaming. Cyber Systems Operations Specialist 181ST Intel Wing - Indiana Air National Guard April 2016 to Present • Experience in Network operations and design, switches, routers, and firewalls.  • Knowledge of ISO/ITIL processes and documentation standards  • Compliance with all Information Assurance and DoD STIG guidelines  • Managed SIPRNET and JWICS, DGIF, and 10.2 networks in a Data Center environment.  • Monitored Data Center hardware, and server activity.  • Assisted in site migration and OS migration thru XP/VISTA/7  • Support end user with system anomalies during mission operations.  • Coordinated teams and with the Officer in Charge during system, circuit, HVAC, and power outage emergency response ensure minimal mission impact.  • Coordinate and assist on/off site contractors, specialists, and other military personnel in real time pre/post and ongoing mission activities, scheduling maintenance activities, site upgrades, and scheduled outages.  • Accomplished multi-million-dollar transition across multiple platforms while removing or upgrading legacy systems.  • Windows Server 2003/2008 Active Directory managing user profiles, groups, and network resources. Troubleshooting account issues, permissions, creating and managing OU's.  • Delivered mentoring and performance reviews and counseling for team members concerning strengths, weaknesses, and goals.  • Completed daily briefs on mission status, upgrades, and scheduled outages.  • Responsible to create, update, and verify Standard Operating Procedures for Windows Systems, enterprise checks, system and wiring diagrams and other documentation for reporting and change management across platforms, networks, and security levels.  • Establish and enforce network and information security practices.  • Install/Configure software, patches, and hardware on over 500 classified systems and servers.  • Hands on experience troubleshooting and managing of proprietary systems and software across multiple platforms while coordinating maintenance with mission activities for minimal impact. Service Desk Engineer Allied Digital Services, LLC January 2018 to December 2018 • Logged in incidents and Service Requests accurately using ServiceNow ticketing system, carry out initial diagnosis and progressing them in a timely fashion to meet KPI's, and resolve the incidents wherever possible.  • Performed initial response to end user on-site, via telephone, email, chat, or the web in timely and professional manner.  • Administered and provide User account provisioning.  • Troubleshoot hardware / software / network problem and diagnose problems through discussions with users, including problem recognition, logs, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps.  • Provided remote desktop support and perform other activities based on standard operating procedures and Escalate complex issues.  • Co-ordinated incident resolution activities across a large number of internal groups and 3rd Party suppliers to ensure customer incidents/changes are resolved within SLA.  • Monitored network, and servers via Solarwind to ensure availability to all systems.  • Ensured that ALL alerts generated by our monitoring systems are investigated, incidents raised and the employees communicated.  • Followed documented/agreed business processes/procedures and keep abreast of changes. Identify and highlight any deficiencies in the business processes/procedures, offering recommendations and undertaking any corrective action as agreed by the Management Team to ensure the continuous improvement of customer service and satisfaction. IT Specialist 181ST Intel Wing - Indiana Air National Guard July 2016 to November 2017 • Perform face to face desktop support and exceptional customer service for employees' onsite and offsite.  • Schedule and Perform Installations for Macintosh devices and Windows 10 upgrade for all systems on older window versions.  • Configure LAN/WAN devices.  • Provide customer break & fix support for servers, Dell desktops, laptops, printers, and tablets.  • Assemble and dissemble of computer systems and peripheral devices  • Responsible for Control of information technology assets and inventory  • Maintain, monitor and troubleshoot company computing infrastructure (networks, mail services, web services).  • Produce and maintain documentation of backup processes and disaster recovery plans  • Monitor and manage system logs and activity on servers and devices connected to the company network.  • Manage company Active Directory for employees and computer systems.  • Use Microsoft Azure Active directory to manage employee accounts for specific applications.  • Assist employees with day-to-day questions, and issues. System Support Analyst Netfor August 2015 to August 2016 • Diagnosed and/or resolved problems in response to reported incidents for users of PCs, software, hardware, and network connectivity.  • Provided one-on-one customer problem resolution over the phone, worked directly with customer or remotely repair the PC desktop via remote control screen sharing.  • Troubleshoot LAN/WAN issues for customers.  • Provided guidance customers on how to re-image their Windows 10 systems.  • Escalated problems to the Lead IT team members as appropriate  • Configured devices and software applications following established procedures.  • Installed, maintained and upgraded workstation and peripheral hardware and software.  • Managed onboarding and off boarding of client employees  • Installed and monitored security scans on client systems and report incidents  • Provided users with assistance in working in specific applications. Security Analyst Intern Weblyfe Group June 2015 to August 2015 • Performed implementation task for system and network security technologies.  • Performed technology upgrade tasks utilizing change control.  • Prepared reports for data security events and incidents.  • Provided technical support to business and technology associates in risk assessment, implementation of appropriate information security procedures, standards and technologies. Education Masters of Science in Information Technology-Information Security Southern New Hampshire University - Manchester, NH 2015 to 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis - Indianapolis, IN 2009 to 2015 Skills Troubleshooting (4 years), Active Directory (4 years), Microsoft Office, SQL (2 years), Windows 7, security Admin (3 years) Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E-3 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2017 to July 2020