ED Patient Svcs Representative ED Patient Svcs Representative Homestead, PA Work Experience ED Patient Svcs Representative UPMC Presbyterian - Pittsburgh, PA May 2019 to Present • Obtain signature of patient or family member for consent to treatment and financial responsibility following the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) rules and regulations   • Confirm/verify insurance benefits with the appropriate carrier via online verification systems or telephone inquiries  • Register patients in Biometrics (fingerprint recognition) program and explain benefits  •Assist with administrative duties in the office including but not limited to scanning of medical records and faxing  •Collect copayments and any other applicable patient payments at the point of service  •Provide a warm greeting for all patients IT Security Analyst Getronics - Pittsburgh, PA July 2018 to January 2019 • Create, Modify, and update company networks, infrastructures, and systems.  • Provide company employee with necessary access to perform their day to day job requirements.  • Conduct network troubleshooting for databases such as Mainframe, Putty, S.A.R.A, and Garancy.   • Daily communication with employees to ensure the best customer service and resolution of access issues.   • Attend weekly Skype Q&A meetings and team building exercises. Service Desk Analyst Tier I Temporary Assignment July 2017 to September 2017 • Troubleshoot, diagnose and resolve application issues following standard operating procedures and using knowledge support tools.  • Route tickets that cannot be resolved at the desk to appropriate or resolver group.  • Provided excellent customer service to our clients.  • Initiate and facilitate the following ITIL process: Incident Management, Request Fulfillment, Access Management, Problem Management, Knowledge Management and Escalation Management.   • Collaborate effectively with service desk team members. Patient Access Coordinator II UPMC Mercy - Pittsburgh, PA March 2016 to May 2017 •Conduct initial interview to register new incoming patients by verifying current demographic/insurance information into computer system.  • Obtain signatures of patients or family member for consent to treatment and financial responsibility  following the Health Insurance Portability HIPAA rules and regulations.  • Collect and record patient payment at time of service.  •Confirm/verify insurance benefits with the appropriate carrier via online verification systems or telephone inquiries  •Provide a warm greeting for all patients Team Member Landmark Event Staffing June 2014 to January 2017 • Provided crowd management and event staffing for Steelers an University football games and events.  • Responsible for verbally greeting guests and monitoring areas so the guests do not enter Heinz Field with prohibited items.  • Report any and all incidents to event management. Pharmacy Technician CVS Pharmacy - Pittsburgh, PA October 2014 to July 2015 • Modeled excellent customer service and patient care.  • Count and disperse medications by urgency and information response.  • Adhere to all company, state, and Federal policies laws, and regulations including HIPAA and pseudoephedrine sales.  • Efficiently operated a cash register to handle all pharmacy point of sales. Data Entry Clerk Allegheny County Health Department November 2013 to January 2014 Temporary Assignment    • Researched highly confidential information into database.  • Accurately recorded the information using Excel software.  • Maintained patient confidentiality according to HIPAA and company standards. Education GED Connelly Technician School August 2001 Skills DETAIL ORIENTED (Less than 1 year), TYPING (Less than 1 year), Help Desk, Service Desk Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Key Qualifications  ? Detail Oriented  ? Commitment to continual education of the company's products and services.  ? Typing Skills 40wpm  ? Warm and enthusiastic attitude  ? Ability to learn new innovated computer systems