Security Analyst at Caterpillar <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> at Caterpillar Security Analyst Peoria, IL Work Experience Security Analyst at Caterpillar TEKsystems - Peoria, IL January 2019 to Present Working within the security tools team with a focus on supporting DLP, antimalware, encryption, VPN, vulnerability  scanner, and ATP tools on MacOS and Ubuntu.  ? Communicating with product owners of each of the security tools and their teams on a frequent basis to insure like for like functionality between MacOS, Windows and Ubuntu.  ? Acting as the single point of contact company wide for all issues related to the security tool stack on MacOS and Ubuntu.  ? Collaborating with senior security engineers regularly to understand Caterpillars security posture and how to properly  harden endpoints.  Technologies Utilized:  • Symantec DLP, Endpoint Protection, and Endpoint Encryption, CarbonBlack ATP, Qualys Vulnerability Scanner,  MacOS, Ubuntu Landscape, JAMF, PowerShell, AD IT Support CIT Trucks - Normal, IL June 2017 to January 2019 Working in a help desk role with a small team to support all aspects of technology for 700+ employees across 12+  locations both in person and remotely, part of a weekly, rotating, after hours, on-call schedule  ? Creating tickets after making initial contact with users over the phone, in person and via email, managing, prioritizing and updating users on the status of each ticket as progress is made in resolving the issue in a timely manner.  ? Troubleshooting a wide range of hardware and software issues and presenting complex technical concepts and resolutions to users in a straightforward and easy to understand fashion.  ? Managing user accounts within Active Directory, G Suite, and numerous OEM vendor portals.  ? Represented IT department alongside manager and CIO in company wide ERP system upgrade.  Technologies Utilized:  • MDT, AD, Windows Server, Lansweeper, PowerShell, ESET Endpoint Security, OS Ticket, Unifi, G Suite, Info5,  Fusion, UltraVNC, Sonicwall Undergraduate Student Computer Technician Illinois State University - College of Arts and Sciences IT Department - Normal, IL May 2015 to May 2017 Supported university faculty across 4+ buildings on campus by responding primarily in person to help desk tickets.  ? Efficiently imaged new computers to be deployed across campus for both student and faculty use as well as safely  migrating user data from old PCs to their new replacements.  ? Upheld HIPAA compliance when supporting speech and hearing clinic by keeping patient data secure.  ? Developed time management skills by taking a full course load during employment.  Technologies Utilized:  • MDT, Windows, Mac OS, Cherwell, Office 365 Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems in Information Systems Illinois State University May 2017 Skills Active Directory, Security Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/willhmckinley http://willhmckinley.com