Program Management Analyst, FAA - (UAS) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (IPP) Integration Pilot Program Program Management <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, FAA - (UAS) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (IPP) Integration Pilot Program Program Management Analyst, FAA - (UAS) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (IPP) Integration Pilot Program - SAIC Olney, MD Business Analyst skilled in troubleshooting systems issues, triage, application testing, and multi-tasking. Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills; adept at establishing and cultivating relationships to ensure continuous flow of operations and meeting customer needs. Able to communicate information in a clear and convincing fashion orally or by way of formal presentations. Effective at working collaboratively with colleagues toward the successful completion of assigned tasks while ensuring the delivery of quality service. Work Experience Program Management Analyst, FAA - (UAS) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (IPP) Integration Pilot Program SAIC - Washington, DC November 2018 to Present Washington, DC 20024  11/2018 - Present  Hours per week:40    Program Management Analyst, FAA - (UAS) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (IPP) Integration Pilot Program  • Responsible for providing general program support for two IPP Lead Participant Portfolios, including creating, managing and maintaining a variety of reports, documentation and executive summaries.  • Management of project schedule updates, action item tracking sheets and airspace authorization and waiver tracking and auditing.  • Assists Federal Aviation Administration IPP users with technical issues, including remapping of network drives, Wi-Fi assistance and Microsoft Outlook issues.  • Review and provide valuable input for all Lead Participant documentation submitted to FAA.   • Collection and analysis of data to provide briefings on UAS IPP flight data in order to discover trends, key takeaways and potential issues.  • Coordinate and lead UAS IPP Lead Participant weekly meetings and monthly workshops to discuss project progress as well as technical advancements made towards the integration of unmanned aircraft into manned airspace.  • Compilation and analysis of feedback for nine Lead Participant Quarterly Reports, with creation of a Quarterly Report Analysis and Executive Summary for distribution to internal stakeholders. IT Specialist ( IT Security Trainee) Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation - Washington, DC August 2018 to November 2018 DCP) Division of Depositor and Consumer Protection  • Developed, documented and tested standard operating procedures for the Information Security and Technology Systems subdivision.  • Continuously monitored for security incidents and division security training compliancy and assisted with drafting plans to re-mediate issues and high-risk repeated trends.  • Assisted with the development of the division Intranet and SharePoint sites to strengthen internal and external communication on information security and agency systems.  • Prepared quarterly reports and surveys on security trends and continually updated division intranet website with data findings.  • Provided daily quality assurance and tracking on division Intranet website to ensure all aspects worked properly and incident tracking page was accurate.  • Assisted clients with resolution of application access issues as well as account updates and reviews.  • Prepared and presented information security information at quarterly division open houses and chat and learn events. Business Analyst (CMS) Turning Point Global Solutions, Inc November 2017 to August 2018 • Provided support of overall planning and scheduling of the Center for Medicare's telecommunication transition and development of transition schedules.  • Researched and evaluated all relevant infrastructure, service and asset data to establish and maintain a valid telecommunication inventory, as well as service and operational requirements.  • Assisted in writing the Acquisition Plan, Request for Proposal and Statements of Work to acquire telecommunication services under new EIS contracts.  • Planned, implemented, and supported data and voice networks which support voice, data, video and wireless network services.  • Worked with CMS to implement and maintain NIOS (Network Inventory and Optimization Solution) to facilitate enterprise-wide visibility to proactively manage and optimize network and telecom assets.  • Analyzed data and provided reports to CMS to locate potential areas of cost saving during and after the transition. System Analyst II (HRSA) Turning Point Global Solutions, Inc January 2017 to November 2017 • Responsible for providing Tier 2 technical support and troubleshooting for agency staff as well as grantee users of the Electronic Handbooks (EHBs).  • Researched and evaluated customer issues and coordinated with Tier 3 and Tier 1 technical support to correct system problems and user errors.  • Created, updated, and tracked service tickets related to user systems issues utilizing SalesForce, JIRA and Remedy Ticketing Systems.  • Monitored the application production environment, application operations support environment and application training environment for system issues.  • Performed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on new system modules to validate and verify system enhancements on existing system modules.  • Updated records, training materials, and customer service work instructions using Microsoft SharePoint.  • Responsible for providing deskside customer training when necessary.  • Utilized SalesForce to develop weekly reports to track trends and issues for internal supervisors. System Analyst I, CMS - Virtual Customer Support Turning Point Global Solutions, Inc May 2016 to December 2016 • Monitored and supported the 1-800-MEDICARE Toll Free network to support 100% availability of service to beneficiaries.  • Utilized the Remedy application to report network anomalies to prevent or correct any service disruptions.  • Provided system support and updates for the NGD (Next Generation Desktop)  • Supported critical Severity 1 issues by leading stakeholder calls.  • Utilized the Genesys application to monitor and load balance call plans and call routing among call centers based on agent skills and language selection, to ensure optimum service and minimum wait times. Financial Administrative Assistant Industrial Steam Cleaning Inc - Rockville, MD July 2015 to May 2016 • Scheduled cleaning crews, prepared maintenance forms, and resolved customer complaints.  • Handled all inquiries and recruiting for The United States Academy for Kitchen Exhaust Specialists training seminars. Prepared and maintained class learning materials as well as arranged hotel reservations and catering.  • Handled all accounts payable as well as introductory-level bookkeeping and collections.  • Other responsibilities included daily confirmation calls, transfer of customer paper records to digital format, and computer file upkeep. Financial Service Associate Revere Bank - Rockville, MD September 2014 to July 2015 • Opened and closed checking and saving accounts as well as IRA's and certificates of deposit.  • Handled transfer of money domestically and internationally, and also responsible for cash handling.  • Troubleshooting and resolution of online banking issues and credit card fraud as well as loan inquiries. Education Masters of Science in Information Technology/Cybersecurity Certificate Hood College - Frederick, MD August 2019 Bachelor of Arts in Studio Art The Catholic University of America - Washington, DC May 2014 Skills customer service (Less than 1 year), Excellent customer service skills (Less than 1 year), FTK (Less than 1 year), JIRA (Less than 1 year), Microsoft SharePoint. (1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), RECEPTIONIST (Less than 1 year), Remedy (1 year), RETAIL SALES (Less than 1 year), SharePoint (1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), strong communication skills (Less than 1 year), team player. (Less than 1 year)