System Administrator System Administrator System Administrator - Reliv International Saint Charles, MO Network Administrator and Desktop Support Specialist with an inactive TS/SCI Security Clearance that was utilized during my time in the Marine Corps. Mission oriented leader who completes tasks utilizing vision, time management, and planning in order to deliver a desired end-state. Motivated, positive, and professional. Work Experience System Administrator Reliv International - Chesterfield, MO January 2018 to Present • Windows Administration across multiple servers and computers hosting many roles including Virtualization, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, and WSUS.  • Virtual Environment management utilizing VMWARE and HyperV, establishing nested virtualization for Thin Client deployment.  • VMWARE administration and virtual machine administration inside of an ESXI environment.  • WAN/LAN implementation and management, including VLANS and VPN's.  • Exchange 365 administration including domains, users, groups, resources, and mail flow.  • Management of EMC VNX storage array utilizing EMC Unisphere portal including Disaster Recovery replication and back-up.  • Utilize EMC to manage and create CIFS shares for network DFS.  • VPN management and configuration utilizing Cisco Meraki and RV0082.  • Shoretel phone system administrator.  • UNIX system administration.  • Desktop support for desktop, computers, laptops, phone systems, printers, and other peripherals.  • Router and Switch configuration, installation, and management.  • Vulnerability scanning and resolution implementation. Cyber Security Analyst/ Customer Support Charter Communications June 2017 to December 2017 • Identifying IP addresses within the Charter Network in order to identify specific customers.  • Use of Charter Abuse Tracking System (CATS) for ticketing; Solarwinds (Charter Performance Monitor) for node identification; DOCSIS Reporting Utilization & Measurement (DRUM) utilized for network monitoring; IPControl utilized for locating CIDR blocks; use of Remedy and Sales Design Review Process (SDRP) to confirm CIDR blocks for customer identification; use of Charter Gateway Billing system; PuTTY utilized to trace and confirm IP address ownership for static, DHCP, or fiber IP addresses; Sharepoint utilized for item tracking and job aids.  • Customer helpdesk and information collection point for all security related customer issues.  • Notify and educate customers on potential risks to their network, as well as prevention techniques. IT Support/ Helpdesk Analyst USCG Centralized Service Desk March 2017 to June 2017 • Provide worldwide IT support for the Coast Guard from the centralized St. Louis location.  • Troubleshooting server, laptop, and desktop workstations remotely to identify and resolve issues.  • Utilize Remedy to document and respond to incidents in a timely manner and to ensure maintenance of all active directory objects.  • Install, repair and manage a variety of software within a large scale network.  • Utilize Active Directory to create and manage Active Directory Objects within a domain.  • Provide application support for customers by performing tier 1 & 2 helpdesk duties. Production Batch Maker (Blender) Reliv International October 2015 to March 2017 • Works in a fast paced environment utilizing raw ingredients to create health supplements.  • Licensed forklift operator  • Inventory for raw ingredients Education Bachelors in Cyber Security Lindenwood University - Saint Charles, MO Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (Less than 1 year), UNIX (Less than 1 year), VPN (Less than 1 year), CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year) Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: E-5 Additional Information Skills  Application Support Self Motivated Communication Skills Network Administration Active Directory Time Management Troubleshooting Device Updates and Maintenance Customer Service Exchange 365 Admin Desktop Support Group Policy Admin VPN Management Work Order Ticketing Windows Linux/Unix