Senior Retail Marketing and Sales Associate Senior Retail Marketing and Sales Associate Sr. Retail Marketing and Sales Associate - TP-Link Technologies Corp Huntington Beach, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Retail Marketing and Sales Associate TP-Link Technologies Corporation - San Diego, CA September 2012 to Present Responsibilities  • Regional and store brand representative for all networking products.  • Oversee the Fry’s Electronics store with the 2nd highest sales volume in the nation.   • Meet with sales staff regarding TP-Link products, promotions, and advertisements.  • Responsible for the organization and upkeep of end cap advertising displays.  • Analyze product’s price points and compare against competitor’s range to gain U.S. market share.  • Monitor store inventory, time on shelf, and returned merchandise rates.  • Implement marketing fixtures to promote company products and brand awareness.  • Report on new market trends and competitor’s presence in stores. Fraud and Security Analyst DJ Networks - San Diego, CA November 2014 to February 2016 Responsibilities  • Verify credit card information, PayPal account authorizations, and international payments.  • Investigate fraud trends and implement new policies to combat current threats.  • Create security procedures and establish new strategies to ensure safe international payment processing.   • Assisted in lowering chargeback rates 62% in less than 3 quarters. Marketing Coordinator Binational Emergency Medical Care Committee - San Diego, CA January 2014 to December 2014 Responsibilities  • Met bi-monthly with multiple chamber of commerce organizations.  • Designed, planned, and oversaw company’s annual fundraiser.  • Created resource lists for various sponsorships within community.  • Wrote the quarterly newsletter for company’s website.  • Assisted in the implementation and progress of yearly charity drives.   • Trained for international medical transports. Marketing Analyst and Special Projects Internship San Diego Diplomacy Council (U.S. Department of State) - San Diego, CA January 2012 to July 2012 Responsibilities  • Consolidated data and analyzed annual reports.  • Created reports showcasing company performance based on the economic impact in San Diego County.  • Updated company’s Collective Impact Report Database.  • Created invitations, and resource lists for donations for the council’s annual event.   • Generate and present company statistics to the Board of Directors. Marketing and IT Innovations Internship Jack In The Box, Incorporated - San Diego, CA September 2011 to December 2011 Responsibilities  • Assisted in the integration of technology and social media.  • Focused on the ideation, research, development, and testing phases of new products.  • Created innovative advertising and promotional campaigns based on mobile applications.  • Updated database for integration to mobile application.  • Researched competitor’s mobile applications and bug tested beta applications.   • Presented findings on industry trends to VP and Chief level executives. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration Concentration in Marketing University of San Diego - San Diego, CA 2009 to 2012 Additional Information SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS  Bilingual, Fluent in both English and Spanish  Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Publisher and SharePoint  HyperText Markup Language, WordPress Content Management System and Adobe Photoshop CS4