Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - J.D. Power Ventura, CA Work Experience Information Security Analyst J.D. Power - Westlake Village, CA July 2018 to Present • Identified vulnerabilities, gaps and strategize and the initiatives for the gap remediation.  • Designed and implemented monitoring strategy for the different monitoring tools like Security Incident  Event Management (SIEM), Email Gateway, Intrusion Detection System (IDS) /Intrusion Prevention  System (IPS), Endpoint Security Forensics.( Alert Logic for AWS, Proofpoint Technologies for email  security, Symantec Endpoint protection, Symantec IDS, IPS).  • Curate and develop a Domain-based Message Authentication Reporting and Conformance (DMARC) to strengthen the email security.  • Being a primary support for the client request for information (RFI)/ Vendor assessment, inquiring about information security.  • Conduct Vendor risk assessment in compliance to ISO 27001/27002 for the organization.  • Administrator for Email Security Gateway, Targeted attack protection, helping to ensure the email  security.  • Prepare and train diverse teams on security incident response analysis and reporting.  • Create and edit information security and data protection policies as per ISO 27001/27002 standards and ensure the compliance.  • Work with managed service provider to ensure the Service level agreement achieved.  • Focused area of work also includes Information Risk Management (Data Security, Endpoint Security, Record Retention, Data Privacy, Identity and Access Management, etc). Information Technology Volunteer Turning Point Foundation - Ventura, CA January 2018 to July 2018 • Aiding the Nonprofit Foundation with an inhouse system security audit.  • Developing and Implementing strategy for the Identity management of users.  • Analyzing the vendor requests and quotations for the current services.  • Layout a plan to upgrade the infrastructure to AWS.  • Develop Payroll application and a user database. IT Infrastructure Student Assistant Technology and Innovation, CSU Channel Islands - Camarillo, CA October 2015 to August 2017 Installation - Experience in installing Cisco, Alcatel Lucent switches, Aruba wireless access point.  Enterprise printer and utilities, Cisco VoIP phones, Network Rackspace, Network UPS, Emergency  Analog phones and over 3500 feet of onsite Cat 3, 5e and 6 LAN cables.  • Maintenance - Experience conducting successful weekly and biweekly maintenance of Campus  Emergency Talk-a-Phone, Enterprise Printers, Server disk collection, Data center operations, network  Rackspace, network UPS, connectivity across 100 telecom rooms.  • Update - Inventory for the network equipment, documentation for printing manuals, Pharos printer  administrator and user console, Nagios network and server log monitoring dashboard.  • Troubleshooting: Highly experienced in troubleshooting using standard ticketing systems, for wired  network issues, enterprise wireless issues(BGP). Computer Science Tutor Learning Resource Center, CSU Channel Islands - Camarillo, CA August 2016 to May 2017 • Tutoring - Individual tutoring for computer science subjects, Object oriented programming (Comp 150), Data structures and algorithms (Comp151), Software engineering (Comp 350), Databases (Comp 420).  • Mentoring - Mentoring students to develop critical thinking and problem-solving attitude towards the coursework. Education MS in Southern California High Technology Task Force CSU Channel Islands - Camarillo, CA May 2016 to December 2017 MS Computer Science in Computer Science California State University - Camarillo, CA December 2017 B.Engineering Computer Engineering Savitribai Phule Pune University - Pune, Maharashtra July 2014 Skills SECURITY, ENCASE, IDS, IPS, METASPLOIT, NMAP, VLAN, VPN, TCP/IP, TCP, C#, C++, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, PHP, PYTHON, SCRIPTING, SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT, XML, Sharepoint Additional Information Skills  • Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Java, C#, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, Shell Scripting, XML,  Assembly programming (8085, 8086).  • Databases: SQL9, NoSQL.  • Cloud Services: Google cloud services, Amazon EC2.  • Network and Security: TCP/IP, LAN, VLAN, VPN, IDS/IPS, Metasploit, Burp Suite, Nmap, Alertlogic,  Proopfoint TAP.  • Software Development and Integration: Software development life cycle. Agile, Scrum, Git.  • Security: Stack/Heap Buffer Overflows, Burp Suite, Encase, FTP.