Information Security Specialist Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist Information Security Specialist - Unical Aviation Chino, CA Well informed IT professional with experience maintaining multiple systems utilizing extensive training and experience. Focused on ensuring reliable, secure systems are in place with an emphasis on strong communications and limited system downtime. Expert on multiple operating systems and programs provides for a diverse professional ready to take on the next challenge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Specialist Unical Aviation - Industry, CA March 2019 to Present Key Achievements:  • Manage and enforce policies, procedures, and quality assurance best practices.   • Maintain an awareness of Unical Aviation’s security policies and all standards pertaining to information security.   • Provide guidance and assistance to ensure IT controls are designed to mitigate intended risks.   • Evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of existing information security control measures.   • Implements security improvements by assessing current situation; evaluating trends; and anticipating certification/regulatory requirements.   • Write/Update information security-related business policies that meet security, compliance and business requirements.   • Research and assess new threats and security alerts and recommend remedial action.   • Coordinate with other departments to promote awareness and training on security protocols.   • Monitor organizational alignment to compliance policies and standards.   • Determine security violations and inefficiencies by conducting periodic audits.   • Establish and maintain compliance audit schedule and processes.   • Oversee and monitor routine security administration.  Network Associate Unical Aviation - Industry, CA March 2017 to March 2019 Key Achievements:  • Plan and implement IT infrastructure changes.  • Create user and group mailboxes utilizing Microsoft Office 365 and Windows Active Directory.  • Manage security incidents and vulnerabilities through Cisco AMP, Cisco Umbrella, Symantec  • Endpoint Protection and Tenable Security Center Vulnerability Management system.  • Assist in creating and managing virtual machines using VMWare.  • Manage Mobile devices through MaaS360 MDM.  • Manage email quarantine service and email logs through Cisco Ironport.  • Implemented departmental Change Management System.  • Assisted in creation and implementation of documents for ISO 27001 certification  • Manage workstation patches and updates via Manage Engine Desktop Central IT Desktop Support Specialist Unical Aviation - Industry, CA March 2016 to March 2017 Key Achievements:  • Implement IT infrastructure changes, strategies and procedures.  • Install and configure end-user computers.  • Correct user issues based on assigning priority levels (triage).  • Assisted in creation and implementation of on-boarding forms used by HR for IT user creation  • purposes. IT Technician Chino Valley Medical Center - Chino, CA June 2015 to December 2015 Key Achievements:  • Provide problem determination and resolution of PC software and hardware.  • Maintain catalog, software and hardware inventory.  • Install computer related hardware and software. Network Security Analyst - Intern Ariv Info Systems - Irvine, CA November 2014 to June 2015 Key Achievements:  • Monitor intrusion detection systems.  • Assist in computer incident investigations.  • Troubleshoot and problem solve client issues.  • Monitor and administer user authentication systems. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Southern California Institute of Technology - Anaheim, CA December 2015 Diploma in Computer Networking Southern California Institute of Technology - Anaheim, CA 2013 to 2014 Skills CISCO (2 years), SECURITY (2 years), VMWARE (1 year), NETWORKING (1 year), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    Operating Systems:   • Windows (XP, 7, 8.1, 10)  • Windows Server (2003, 2008, 2012, 2016)  • Mac OS  • RHEL, Kali Linux, Ubuntu    Active Directory  • Install/Configure domain controllers   • Create Users, Groups, Organizational Users, Groups, Organizational Units, DNS, DHCP, Site Replication     Software Applications:  • Cisco ESA   • VMWare Airwatch   • Altec Smart Client   • HP Web Jet Admin   • Manage Engine Desktop Central   • Manage Engine Service Desk   • Cisco Umbrella   • Cisco AMP   • Tenable Security Center  • Crowdstrike  • MaaS360     Networking  • Cisco Routing/Switching, Configuration and Troubleshooting     Virtualization  • VMWare ESX 6.5 Administrator   • VMware Workstation 10.X   • VMware Fusion   • Virtual Box   • Microsoft Hyper V     Standards  • ISO 27001   • NIST 800-171 