IT Risk Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Risk Analyst Jersey City, NJ Work Experience IT Risk Analyst Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank September 2018 to May 2019 • Conducted and documented Continuous Risk Monitoring and Detailed Risk assessment on critical applications and Vendors of the bank as per the risk review plan and risk entity matrix of the bank.  • Conducted Risk Assessment on different entities of the bank which includes infrastructure devices, databases, security applications and servers.  • Created the Entity Risk matrix using the NIST 800-53, ISO27001 and COBIT control libraries.  • Managed the implementation of the GRC tool for the bank, monitoring the project management standards and conducted security test for the tool by performing security risk assessment.  • Independently worked on the GRC tool and implemented various enhancements for the tool which included the Business continuity plan and Operational Risk Business requirements. Also Created reports for GRC tool using Jasper Soft Studio.  • Maintaining the Risk register and updating it timely with the risk issues identified in the Risk Assessments.  • Improved the firms threat detection efficiency by 20% by working on Defense matrix and forensic intelligence along with the Information Security department. Alongside performed Threat Analysis mechanism using Kill Chain Methodology to automate threat analysis. Information Security Intern IPC Systems June 2018 to August 2018 • Demonstrated the Proof of Concept (POC) for encryption of Data at rest on platforms like Mongo DB, CentOS7, Windows Server 2016 using Vormetric (Data Security Manager). On completing the POC, the testing was carried out in the Development Servers. The requirement was to get compliance with the ISO27001 Cryptography which included the encryption of data and the Key management.  • Integrated Vormetric with KMIP (Key Management Interoperability protocol).  • Configured KMIP client using the DSM server with open source KMIP4J and KyMIP in both the environment. System Administrator Tata Consultancy Services - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2015 to August 2017 • Monitored network devices and mail servers in TCS, Configured new servers in the environment as per the requests from the business owner. Timely performed BCP activities to ensure all the Linux servers were patch compliant and performed without any interruption.  • Worked in the Data Centre and performed server configurations for new servers and maintained patch schedule for the servers.  • Conducted service level proxy monitoring of prohibited webpages by using Curl Coding and J meter across 50 locations including India and APAC, EMEA regions. Education Master of Science (MS) in Information Systems in Cyber Security and Information Assurance Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems - New York, NY May 2019 Post Graduate Diploma in Management in IT Project Management Welingkar Institute of Technology - Mumbai, Maharashtra September 2017 Bachelors of Science in Information Technology Mumbai University, V.E.S College of Arts, Science - Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2015 Skills COBIT, METASPLOIT, NIST, SPLUNK, SSL, WIRESHARK, FIREWALLS, FISMA, ISO27001, TCP/IP, SECURITY, FTP, C++, Hadoop, JENKINS, PHP, PYTHON, LINUX, HADOOP, JIRA Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhavika-karkera Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: C++, Python.  Database: MySQL, PHP, Dynamo DB, Hadoop.  Software: Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite, Omni Graffle, Jasper Soft Studio, Jira, Jenkins, Wireshark, Splunk.  User Design Experience: User Research, Usability Testing, Moscow Prioritization, Wire framing  Cybersecurity Technologies: SSL, SSH, TCP/IP, UDP, FTP, Digital Certificates, Firewalls, Network and System Security, ISO27001, NIST frameworks, COBIT 5, FISMA, FIPS, FISA, Kali Linux tools, Penetration testing, Governance Risk and Compliance, MySQL Workbench, Putty, Metasploit, OWASP attacks, Cloud Security.  Project Management: Agile methodology (Scrum, Kanban), Managing and Scheduling Projects, Managing Project Vendor.