IT Support Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist IT Support Specialist - Dycom Lauderdale Lakes, FL Work Experience IT Support Specialist Dycom 2019 to Present • Evaluates system potential by testing compatibility of new programs with existing programs.  • Improves existing programs by reviewing objectives and specifications; evaluating proposed changes; recommending changes; making modifications.  • Evaluates vendor-supplied software by studying user objectives; testing software compatibility with existing hardware and programs.  • Maintains historical records by documenting hardware and software changes and revisions.  • Maximizes use of hardware and software by training users; interpreting instructions; answering questions. Security Lead Aecom - Camp Arifjan - KW 2017 to 2019 • Provide observation security and force protection support; responds and reports alarms, suspicious activities and violators in accordance with established procedures and policy.  • Assist in force protection operations throughout security force areas of operation as directed.  • Cultivate open lines of communication with security staff, supervision and client contacts that reflected optimum management development and implementation of updated security protocols.  • Prepare, publishes and posts daily duty scheduling and ensures duty logs are correctly completed.  • Assist in establishing, updating, and maintaining force protection standard operations procedures.  • Ensure strict compliance to safety practices and support the AC FIRST Safety Policies and Procedures. Service Desk Analyst Go Go Metro - Augusta, GA 2016 to 2017 • Addresses and resolves basic (Tier 1) incidents and requests and when applicable addresses and resolves Tier 2 incidents and requests with quality documentation; logs all incidents and requests in Remedy; engages other service desk resources or appropriate service resources to resolve incidents that are beyond the scope of their ability or responsibility.  • Takes ownership of issues and actively facilitates resolution of reported incidents.  • Generate new business through effective business development and community relations.  • Assisted the Manager-on-Duty resulting in a 100% guest service standard.  • Uses the appropriate product categorization for logging incidents and requests. Security Specialist 2015 to 2016 • Operated detecting devices to screen individuals and prevent passage of prohibited articles into restricted areas.  • Patrolled industrial and commercial premises to prevent and detect signs of intrusion and ensure security of doors, windows, and gates. Answer alarms and investigate disturbances.  • Monitored and authorize entrance and departure of employees, visitors, and other persons to guard against theft and maintain security of premises.  • Wrote reports of daily activities and irregularities, such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences. Education Communications West Georgia University 2013 A.S. in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems South Georgia Technical College 2012 Skills 70 WPM (Less than 1 year), Records Management (Less than 1 year), Technical Support (Less than 1 year), Time Management (Less than 1 year), TYPING (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support, Help Desk, MAC, Active Directory, Service Desk Certifications/Licenses Security+ December 2018 to December 2021 Comptia security+ certification Additional Information * Analytical Skills  * Operating Systems  * Records Management  * Technical Support  * Time Management  * Microsoft Suite Proficient  * Type 70 WPM