Security Control Assessor <span class="hl">Security</span> Control Assessor Security Control Assessor Leesburg, VA Work Experience Security Control Assessor Federal Student Aid - Reston, VA July 2017 to April 2019 • Cybersecurity authorization professional. Interviewed, Examined, and Tested NIST 800-53 rev.4 cyber security controls over nine FSA systems; co-authoring Security Assessment Plans, Rules of Engagement, and other formal executive reports for Security Authorization, Ongoing Security Authorization, and Guaranty Agency Authorization tasks  • Statistically examined evidence of cyber-threat mitigation; documenting Plan of Action and Milestones for critical findings with sensitivity for false positives  • Utilized java JMeter to create automated performance metrics for a Web DevOp (sample size =100 per test). Use Case Metrics include: latency, load time, response time, assertation of response code, traffic (up to 350 users at once)  • Singularly authored the internal Standard Operation Procedure Manuals; describing the big-picture objective and requirements of the Security Control Assessor specific to the purposes of Jacobs Engineering. Featured are process flow diagrams and supplemental Security Control Powerpoint presentations to streamline onboarding efforts to the team  • Custom Scripts include:  ? Autohotkey (.ahk) scripts to streamline Meeting Note processes.  ? Prototyped an advanced Meeting Notes solution via AWS transcribe  ? Python scripted report summaries over client POAMs for criticality changes over time  ? Python scripted a webcrawler for a custom text via the Beautifulsoup package  ? Server time manipulation script to (test timer related concerns) Qualys November 2017 to November 2017 Vulnerability Management - Trained in the deployment, operation and monitoring of the Qualys Security and Compliance Suite to implement, manage and protect IT systems and web applications Software Developer Booz Allen Hamilton - Springfield, VA July 2016 to November 2016 Jr. Software Developer Accenture - Arlington, VA May 2015 to May 2016 • Developed and executed over 400 test cases for real time data tracking system scalable up to 60 million messages per day (Kafka and Cassandra among core architecture technologies)  • Wrote high efficiency automation scripts in various languages, saving considerable man hours on the setup and tear down of test environment (Excel Visual Basic, BASH, BATCH, Python)  • Java Bootcamp Certification acquired, covering the full scope of Java Software language, JUnit, Spring Framework, and Apache Tomcat over a JSP Framework  • Certified in Agile SDLC. Utilized VersionOne and Sharepoint for team coordination and planning Udemy January 2016 to January 2016 Machine Learning with Python UC-NC31IWQU - Udemy Course on data science methods. Utilized multiple python packages to construct various data analytic tools including spam classifiers, recommender systems, and search engines that are scalable through spark for project management purposes  ICAgile Certified Professional July 2015  • Certified in the full stack development process for Agile DevOps management IT Project Analyst C2 Solutions Group - Chantilly, VA October 2014 to January 2015 Provided enterprise architecture analysis and technical support for the Veteran Affairs' Office of Information Technology Enterprise Architecture. Two Software Design Documents per week, whilst providing monthly support for Booz Allen Hamilton as a member of the divestment team Data Scientist Toolbox John Hopkins University October 2014 to October 2014 Coursera Course Track (hosted by John Hopkins University) of data scientist methods such as advanced data mining, NoSQL, MapReduce, and R programming  Android Application Programming April 2013  • Independent developer of several .apk applications utilizing the official ADT of Eclipse to ensure skills in Best Practices and Design Patterns remains sharp. Portfolio samples include:  ? Stock Quote Search App - Pulls SQL server information from finance.yahoo.com to retrieve and display stock present stock information using multiple "Intents"  ? Tricorder - Displays present information of a mobile device's various sensors. Command and Observer pattern design ensures that an absent hardware simply displays as null  ? Contact Lists App - Fully functional contacts list application prototype that can take a person's personal contact details and save it to a sqlite database within the phone Software Engineer Intern Integrity Applications Incorporated - Chantilly, VA May 2014 to August 2014 • Developed and coded the backend architectural foundation for an Integrated Operations Center; prototyping the exposure and discovery of diverse geospatial datasets (from sources such as UAVs, ground surveillance, satellites, DigiGlobe, etc)  • Coordinated IAI's national human resource assets to create a technical solution ahead of schedule  • Final prototype able to process 10.9 GB worth of geospatial information within 4-10 minutes  • Live demo'd the final prototype; complete with MSWord documents, marketing flyers, and a PowerPoint presentation to corporate stakeholders on potential products that could be further developed    Technology Experience  Comptia Training Summer 2019  • Network+- Trained in the OSI model to the standards of the Network+. Final Test pending.  • Security+- Trained in Comptia Security+ Methodology. Final Test pending.  (ISC)2 Certified Authorization Professional December 2017  • Certification Number 646905 - Demonstrable mastery over the Risk Management Framework for Government Systems Education Master of Public Policy in education George Mason University - Arlington, VA May 2011 Bachelors of Science in Economics in statistics George Mason University - Fairfax, VA May 2009 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidnoblemorris http://github.com/dnmorris7 http://codecrunchcorner.blogspot.com