Security Infrastructure Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Infrastructure Analyst - Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages Apply my experience in information security to help enhance processes, detect vulnerabilities and help enhance user awareness. Continue growing my knowledge base of information security by learning new technologies and methodologies. Work Experience Security Infrastructure Analyst Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages - Dallas, TX February 2018 to Present Cyber Security  ? Created a multi-phased plan for integration of AV consoles (Lookout, Better Mobile and Symantec)  ? Participated in the develop firewall rules  ? Tested all firewall rules with internal teams prior to deploying applications into production  ? Deployed antivirus applications to pilot group, monitored, identified and remedied exposures  ? Assessed security vulnerabilities based on CONA Security Standards and remediated exposures by coordinating with all relevant internal and external parties  ? Developed a cyber-attack remediation process for mobile devices  ? Analyzed findings to determine areas of risk exposure and potential process improvement.  ? Coordinated with internal and external teams to identify technology communication requirements for new acquisitions  ? Planned and executed multi-factor authentication campaign by raising user awareness, coordinating with management, adhering to deployment timeline, communication with stakeholders of encountered issues, final deployment to users, verification of full integration, support and monitoring of user activity  ? Coordinated the phishing campaign to create user awareness throughout the company  Physical Security  ? Created a Request for Proposal for the sustainment and maintenance of all security assets at the facilities  ? Managed all communication with prospective security vendors and addressed proposed services  ? Ranked all bids and offered a recommendation for awarding  ? Assigned to be the Project Manager over the Security Sustainment Project  ? Coordinated with internal teams to determine physical security equipment necessary at a new facility  ? Researched and identified a cloud solution for issues experienced with physical servers and analog cameras  ? Identified a pilot facility, integrated cloud solution and monitored for viability of companywide deployment  ? Handled and resolved all facility physical security issues reported through Service-Now  ? Coordinated with internal teams to assign physical security equipment to appropriate network segments IT Auditor Sally Beauty Holdings - Denton, TX October 2015 to November 2017 Obtained an understanding of controls, risks, and guidance prior to commencing audits  ? Participated, coordinated, led, and documented initial process control owner meetings  ? Perform walkthroughs of process narrative and updated accordingly  ? Determined a statistical sample size and performed control testing  ? Review security values and powerful access across all domains on the network  ? Reviewed IBM iSeries system security values and powerful access to systems  ? Validated all users have the appropriate access to Sally Beauty Holdings Systems  ? Validated successful restores and backups for iSeries systems  ? Audited mechanisms for controlling code changes to production systems  ? Verified incidents that are raised internally have the appropriate criteria  ? Validated financially significant projects met requirements before deploying into production  ? Reverse engineered information generated reports from IBM AS400 each time there was a change in code to ensure accuracy of the reports  ? Audited the transition of code from development to production - Change Management Audit  ? Audited security operations process used to scan company assets - Vulnerability Management Merchandiser Coca-Cola Company - Amarillo, TX January 2014 to May 2015 Independently worked to achieve daily goals assigned by management  ? Successfully restocked stores with required inventory  ? Maintained store displays with product to maximize customer appeal  ? Continuous customer service while upholding the highest degree of company values  ? Invoice completion    TECHNOLOGY  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES  Javascript, HTML 5, C#, SQL, CSS 3    FRAMEWORKS  ASP.NET 4.5 MVC, MEAN (fullstack javascript framework)    SYSTEMS AND SOFTWAREMicrosoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio 2013, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Visual Studio 2013, Microsoft SQL Server 2014, Notepad ++, IBM Rational, Microsoft Active Directory, Compliance Monitor, AS400, Service-Now, Project Server, CCURE, Prowatch and Exacqvision. Education BBA in Computer Information Systems West Texas A&M University - Canyon, TX August 2011 to May 2015 Additional Information ? Experienced in security infrastructure both cyber and physical  ? Familiar with implementing, monitoring, and testing security controls  ? Experienced in presenting technical information to internal/external stakeholders  ? Knowledgeable in analyzing, querying and reporting on various systems, user interface, and processes  ? Knowledgeable and experienced with multiple programming languages