Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - State of Oregon Salem, OR Floor manager and supervisor with 11 years of experience in customer service and retail sales. Have worked for large corporations and obtained a thorough knowledge of procedures and regulations. I'm highly proficient in popular business software applications and computer hardware knowledge. I graduated from West Los Angeles College in Computer Network and Security Management. Also, I obtained certifications in CompTIA Security+, Network and Information System Security and Computer Networking Management. I worked at West Los Angeles College in the Financial Aid Office and Computer Lab as a computer technician assistant for 2 years. I received the position due to an outstanding GPA. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst State of Oregon June 2016 to Present • Monitor the state's networks for security breaches and investigate a violation when one occurs.  • Install and use software, such as data encryption programs, to protect sensitive information.  • Install and configure IDS/IPS software on servers and VMs.  • Document all installations and configurations for the rest of the team to use.  • Analyst statewide alerts, from a third party, and forward them to the appropriate agency.  • Research the latest information technology security trends.  • Help plan and carry out security practices.  • Develop security standards and best practices for the state.  • Recommend security enhancements to management or senior IT staff.  • Help computer users when they need to install or learn about new security products and procedures. Desktop Administrator SCL / Emerus Community Hospital December 2015 to April 2016 • Install, upgrade, support, and troubleshoot Windows 7, 8, 10, Microsoft Office, Apple, and any other authorized desktop applications.  • Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, computer hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment.  • Perform general preventative maintenance tasks on computers, laptops, printers and any other authorized peripheral equipment.  • Customize desktop hardware to meet user specifications and site standards.  • Perform work in compliance with vendors specified warranty requirements.  • Returns defective equipment/parts to maintenance inventory, documents customer repairs, maintains and restocks assigned parts inventory to insure proper spare part levels.  • Safely package equipment for branches and arrange for the transport of the equipment.  • Responsible for monitoring, operating, managing, troubleshooting and restoring to service any terminal service client, personal computers or notebooks that has authorized access to the network.  • Escalate the issue/problem to proper tier 3 support team members.  • Develop trends by monitoring and analyzing incoming calls, problems and support requests.  • Troubleshoot network issues in a Cisco environment.  • Connect to Cisco routers and switches and run basic commands.  • Add new user to Active Directory and make sure they are part of the correct groups. IT Analyst / Campus Tech, HCL University of Phoenix June 2014 to March 2015 • Design, develop and test existing computer systems.  • Adding user accounts to Active Directory with the appropriate permissions.  • Troubleshoot existing systems and introduce new system for smooth working.  • Provide technical support and planning base for crucial projects.  • Document new and update existing technical specifications.  • Re-image exciting computer systems remotely with SCCM.  • Network troubleshooting with software tools. Field Technician Compucom February 2014 to June 2014 • Provide service and customer support during field visits or dispatches.  • Tie workflow to schedule.  • Manage all onsite installation, repair, maintenance, and test task.  • Diagnose errors or technical problems and determine proper solution.  • Produce timely and detailed service reports.  • Document processing.  • Operate vehicle in a safely manner and use field automation systems.  • Follow all company's filed procedures and protocols.  • Cooperate with technical team and share information across the organization.  • Comprehend customer requirements and make appropriate recommendations / briefings.  • Build positive relationships with customers. Junior Network Admin / Tier 2 Mega Path 2014 to 2014 • Troubleshoot and resolve trouble tickets related to technical difficulties with hardware, software, and the network.  • Triage Level II and Level III trouble tickets.  • Resolve network switch and connectivity issues.  • Collaborate with development staff to recreate problems in the test environment.  • Verify issue resolution on the customer's behalf.  • Verify with the customer that the issue has been resolved and update the ticketing system.  • Interface with infrastructure, database, and development personnel.  • Communicate plan, progress, and issues in a timely manner.  • Actively contribute to ongoing process improvement.  • Performs other duties or special projects as assigned.  • Ability to complete multiple simultaneous projects in a timely manner. Computer Technician November 2012 to December 2013 • Install and uninstall computers, hardware and computer software applications.  • Analyze, troubleshoot, and repair computers, printers and peripheral equipment.  • Maintain accurate inventory of all computer equipment and parts; maintaining records of repairs and services.  • Perform equipment installation, preventive maintenance, equipment upgrade, and modification of activities.  • Work with contract and vendor supplied personnel engaged in the installation, maintenance, and repair of computer equipment.  • Used POS terminals to handle customer purchases. Education Security+ Certification in Computer Network and Security Management WLA College 2010 to 2013 Computer Network Management WLA College 2011 to 2012 Music Theory Santa Monica College 2002 to 2005 High School Diploma Alexander Hamilton High School 1996 Skills Active Directory (1 year), Apache (Less than 1 year), CCNA (Less than 1 year), CompTIA (3 years), Security (3 years) Links http://www.chrisyaducl.wix.com/rim Additional Information CERTIFICATIONS&SKILLS  • Computer Network and Security Management  • Computer Network Management  • Network and Information System Security  • CompTIA A+, Network+, and Security+  • Cisco CCNA and CCNP  • Cisco IOS (routers and switches)  • Microsoft Server 2008 / 2012 and Windows Active Directory  • Microsoft Exchange Server and Network Infrastructure  • Linux Operating Systems  • Linux - Apache - MySQL - PHP (LAMP)  • Information Storage Management  • VMware ESXi Infrastructure  • vSphere Management    COMPUTERSKILLS  • Proficient knowledge working with VMware, Linux, Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8.  • Demonstrated expertise in testing software, backing up data, and learning new applications.  • Building Ethernet cables from scratch, connecting RJ-45 connectors to CAT 5, 5e, and 6.