IT Security Analyst I <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I IT Security Analyst I - Universal Health Services Downingtown, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst I Universal Health Services - King of Prussia, PA October 2017 to Present Responsible for the coordination, completion and review of internal security risk assessments, based on HIPPA and NIST standards, for over 250 Behavioral Health, Acute and IPM hospitals.  ? Reviewing and assessing 3rd party vendors for risk and compliance through the use of RSAM's vendor risk management module for entire organization.  ? Use of the MyCSF tool, through HiTRUST, to perform a self-assessment for Universal Health Services corporate to gain HiTRUST certification.  ? Member of vulnerability management team to identify and resolve top overall vulnerabilities for all Universal Health Services hospitals.  ? Perform pre-implementation risk assessments on all IT or EMR applications to identify any potential risks that will be posed to Universal Health Services.  ? Onsite physical risk assessments at numerous Universal Health Services acute hospitals throughout the United States. Senior IT Auditor The Chemours Company - Wilmington, DE November 2016 to Present Auditing IT general controls and business processes throughout Chemours global operations and collaborating with management to drive actions that will improve the control environment and operational efficiency.  ? Creation and ownership of PBC requests for yearly SOX testing for all three phases using SOXHUB online technology.  ? Testing, reviewing and approving of yearly in-scope IT SOX controls that are defined and completed by management.  ? Review of work papers created by Chemour's code-sourcing partners, KPMG, for IT SOX auditing.  ? Act as a consultant for the Chemours IT department during project implementations for both pre and post implementation reviews.  ? Onsite plant audits at numerous Chemour's locations throughout the United States and internationally. IT Audit Associate Campbell Soup Company - Camden, NJ September 2015 to November 2016 Auditing IT general controls, business processes, and SOX controls throughout Campbell's global operations and collaborating with management to drive actions that will improve the control environment and operational efficiency.  ? Creation of work papers to help analyze data and explain findings based off of specific tests and procedures put forth for each individual audit.  ? Ensuring that Campbell IT is complying with all SOX controls appropriately by performing tests on all current SOX controls within Campbell IT.  ? Performing audits on the completeness and accuracy of IT processes and reviews with respect to IT General Controls and SOX controls.  ? Use of Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access Database, and IDEA to help analyze data for each specific audit to help create work papers and explain findings after analysis.  ? Complete onsite audits at the numerous Campbell locations which include, but are not limited to, Connecticut, Ohio, Michigan, California, Canada, Mexico, Denmark, India, Australia and areas of Asia Pacific. Information Security Analyst Bank of America - Addison, TX March 2014 to August 2015 Provisioned user accounts, security groups, and share folders using active directory, CSDB, and Active Resource Server.  ? Creation, Modification, and Deletion of non-DFS and DFS share folders for all employees across all corporate world domains which include North America, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia.  ? Creation and Modification of user's accounts including their home spaces, groups, and share folders that allow them access to their day-to-day folders and applications to do their necessary job requirements and projects.  ? Use of Windows, Midrange, and Mainframe servers to analyze and provision all security access for every employee ranging from new hires to top executives.  ? Modification and restructuring of Merrill Lynch documentation and request types to ensure consistency and relevancy of all Merrill Lynch accounts that are provisioned and modified.  ? Testing and modification of ARM UAT requests between IIQ and ARM to ensure accuracy and relevancy of all data across all databases, along with ensuring documentation is up-to-date.  ? Member of testing team for AS400 GTI UAT access to update and modify documentation and processes to ensure new databases and systems are ready for all new releases. MBS Data Associate 7-Eleven, Inc - Dallas, TX August 2013 to March 2014 Maintained, updated, and monitored Excel and Access databases to ensure seamless and correct data across the existing items and new items teams when processing items from vendors to stores.  ? Updated item master database by adding and deleting data along with the attributes to allow stores to have correct prices and UPC codes to allow customers to purchase items without any issues.  ? Researched and analyzed data and future trends to be able to meet with the new items team to develop and produce new items and new prices for the stores.  ? Used SQL database to ensure consistency and relevancy of data and the attributes of data to allow the stores access to the correct prices and information for products. Education BS in Information Sciences and Technology in Information Sciences and Technology The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA 2013 Skills Business analysis (Less than 1 year), Data analytics (Less than 1 year), Hippa (1 year), Network design (Less than 1 year), Nist (1 year), Optimization (Less than 1 year), Project management (Less than 1 year), Risk assessment (Less than 1 year), Sarbanes oxley (3 years), Sarbanes-oxley (sox) (3 years), Sox (3 years), Active Directory, security, testing, access Additional Information SKILLS: Data Analytics Project Management HIPPA  Risk Assessment Network Design ITGCs  Business Analysis SOX Controls NIST