IT Security Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Consultant IT Security Consultant - Strategic Solutions LLC Laurel, MD INFORMATION SECURITY ASSESSOR/ INFORMATION SECURITY SYSTEMS ANALYST Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Consultant Strategic Solutions LLC February 2019 to Present • Conduct systems and network vulnerability scans to identify and remediate potential risks.  • Audit and analyze information security systems, applications, recommends, and developed  security measures to protect information against unauthorized modification or loss.  • Monitor controls after authorization. To ensure continuous compliance with the security  requirements.  • Create and update new policy documents based on sensitive data protection requests that map to business customer requirements and make recommendations if needed.  • Establish, review and update information system security policies, system security plans, and security baselines in accordance with NIST and other industry best security practices.  • Applied appropriate information security control for federal information systems based on NIST  guidance NIST SP800  • Participated in system security categorization following SP 800-60  • Prepare security assessment plan (SAP) using NIST 800-53A for CISO approval and monitored  the implemented controls.  • memutoni@icloud.com  • 2404674346  CompTIA Security+ Certified Security Analyst Maxim Solutions October 2016 to February 2019 • Created, reviewed and updated information system security policies, system security plans, and security baselines in accordance with NIST and other industry best security practices.  • Apply appropriate information security control for federal information systems based on NIST  guidance NIST SP800-37.  • Devised, evaluated, and executed information security governance processes, including policies,  standards, procedures, and risk management practices.  • Participated in system security categorization  • Conducted systems and network vulnerability scans to identify and remediate potential risks.  • Established, evaluate, and applied information security governance processes, including policies,  standards, procedures, and risk management practices.  • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with security  requirements. IT Help Desk Administrator American Eagle Tax Services January 2014 to September 2016 • First point of contact for information systems issues.  • Multitasked and troubleshoot remote issues.  • Tracked and manage hardware loan spreadsheets.  • Worked with vendor to manage, troubleshoot and maintain multipurpose printers.  • Installed and rebuilt laptops, desktops, hardware, and software including update as required.  • Ran monthly helpdesk reports to track and identify reoccurring issues. IT Business Analyst Equinox TSB Limited July 2012 to January 2014 Acted as technical liaison between the organization, application vendors, and other support organizations, as required for problem resolution, application upgrades and bug fixes.  Worked with users to identify business requirements, which could be automated using industry standards, or new technology to improve productivity, reduce costs, better serve the customer, or increase revenues.  Defined relational database specifications and data models required to support applications of varying degrees of complexity.  Designed, developed, configured, program, and maintain business applications per user specifications using standard technologies. Proposed solutions to best meet the requirements of the organization.  Set up procedures and testing methods to insure the ongoing accuracy of data maintained within all relational database applications.  Identify and implement end user computing tools. Allowing users to access relational databases directly for analysis and reporting.  Conducted periodic analysis of existing systems to identify those components that have become obsolete or ineffective due to changed business conditions. Communicates findings to appropriate users/management and works with them to develop new strategies.  Provided support and training on current and new business applications.  Researched current and new technologies and makes recommendations to implement those, which would have a positive impact on the division's business.  Perform other related task as assigned and required by the business. Education Master of Science in Cybersecurity University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2018 Skills Information Security, It Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ September 2018 to September 2021