Consultant, Risk Advisory & Security Compliance Consultant, Risk Advisory &amp; <span class="hl">Security</span> Compliance Consultant, Risk Advisory & Security Compliance - Deloitte & Touche LLP Chicago, IL 310 714 1058  ADARSHPREET SINGH    ? Functional Roles - Over 4 years of progressive responsibility in a diversity of roles in IT Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC), IT Security, Operational Risk Management, Internal Audit, Out-Sourcing. Experience spans consulting at a "Big 4" consulting firm, top global Financial Services Institutions and leading manufacturing firm.  ? IT / Security Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) - core competency in IT & Information Security GRC. Significant experience in performing GRC assessments and evaluations of IT governance. High literacy in the leading IT Governance, IT Risk and Quality frameworks including COBIT©, ITIL(TM), ISO 27001. Broad experience evaluating business & technical risks of the development, implementation, & operational support of IT systems, focusing on internal controls for regulatory compliance.  ? Enterprise & Operational Risk Management - well versed in the fundamentals of Enterprise Risk Management, Operational Risk & Technology Risk Management. Facilitated risk and control assessments to identify levels of inherent and residual technology risk. Work Experience Consultant, Risk Advisory & Security Compliance Deloitte & Touche LLP - Chicago, IL August 2015 to Present As a member of the enterprise risk consulting practice, charged with broad responsibilities to provide professional services to clients to inject security best practices and controls into their overall IT operations. Reviewed overall environment and developed an incremental roadmap for addressing critical gaps and charting a progressive course to more effective enterprise security over time    ? Working on risk management projects to help the clients understand their IT risk exposures and develop a risk management strategy to mitigate the risks using NIST SP800-30 frame work.  ? Analyze and assess client's existing information security and risk management program to verify and validate if the program meets legal and industry standards in people, process, and policy.  ? Assist client's management and IT professionals to identify and prioritize critical gaps related to information security, IT processes such as change management, vendor management, asset management.  ? Perform IT Risk Assessment covering various IT domains for client's global operations and IT scoping based on COBIT and NIST  ? Provide security consultation and assurance to client's management on protection of business information by integrating Controls, Policies, Processes, and Procedures  ? Provide recommendations based on the industry accepted security frameworks to help the client in improving the information security controls Information Security Analyst State Farm Insurance - Champaign, IL August 2014 to May 2015 Security & Risk Analyst Nationwide Mutual Insurance - Columbus, OH May 2014 to August 2014 Coordinated the IT risk assessment initiative with internal departments and developed strategy to prevent/mitigate the IT risks  ? Led a project to evaluate and implement a network monitoring tool by Solarwinds for a better visibility into the network, thus ensuring the project meets its objectives within budget and on time Assistant Manager, IT Infrastructure & Security Operations Maruti Suzuki India Limited - Gurgaon, Haryana June 2010 to June 2013 As part of the IT infrastructure and information security team, provided technical project management for infrastructure improvement projects and responsible for implementation of framework for integrated management system(ISO 27001), documentation of the system, internal audit training, internal audit, and assessment of the preparedness for certification of implemented Integrated management system    ? Facilitate completion of internal risk assessments and resolution of resulting findings through successful interface with internal business partners and external vendor contacts for 180 vendor relationships and 310 applications.  ? Risk assessment for the IT Infrastructure and business processes of the organization, based on which a risk mitigation and risk treatment plan has been made.  ? Planning and managing the implementation of the information security policies and the various activities like monitoring, compliance audits, presentations required to ensure ongoing success & feedback of the policy implementation.  ? Formulation of the procedures and guidelines, creation of baselines, Change management policy, monitoring solutions, hardening of security and operational infrastructure devices.  ? Managing Network/Wintel/Unix teams at various sites including L1, L2 and L3 engineers.  ? Evaluation and analysis of new & emerging technologies, which could be implemented per customer requirement to boost productivity and efficiency of network infra.  ? Ensuring availability of Data Center including various servers, Network Devices, security devices.  ? Managing the Implementation, Review and continuous improvement of ITIL Framework aligned IT service delivery and Service support Processes.  ? Customer and Vendor SLA management.  ? Infrastructure capacity planning & commercial negotiation with vendors.  ? Involvement in the key strategic decisions for the introduction of IT solutions to achieve business objectives.  ? Review of Security implementation in business processes and IT projects. IT Security Analyst Research and Development Center 2013 to 2013 compliance which involved identifying gaps in current controls with respect to user access and identity access management and mitigating the risks through the implementation of enterprise information security program    ? Coordinated the implementation of the enterprise information security program at the Research and Development Center (RDC)  ? Assisted the user access reviews on quarterly basis for RDC ensuring compliance for outgoing interns  ? Facilitated the security awareness program at RDC aimed at raising the awareness about information security amongst fellow interns  ? Assisted the team in the day to day Identity Access Management process for providing access to interns for different applications Education MBA in Information Technology & Operations Management University of Illinois - Champaign, IL May 2015 Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Science Thapar University - Patiala, Punjab May 2010