IT Auditor <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor IT Auditor at Fortune 500 Firm Houston, TX Work Experience IT Auditor Fortune 500 Firm - Houston, TX February 2011 to Present Recent Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) IT General Controls testing included validation of several SAP automated controls regarding SAP Shopping Cart creations, Purchase Order approvals, and Goods Received/Invoice Received (GRIR) reports. Recently completed a Data Privacy audit which included reviewing user access to SAP HR/Payroll Roles and Infotypes to mitigate inappropriate access. Performed various SAP data extractions and data analytics assignments. Assist IT Audit Services team with the pre-planning, planning, and fieldwork stages of the Mobile Security Assessment Audit of KBR mobile devices to include laptops, BlackBerry devices, BlackBerry Enterprise Server, and related infrastructure components. Interact and collaborate with department level managers and executives to support the business by analyzing and evaluating IT business controls, processes, and programs. Utilize my technical background and experience with KBR to understand complex business and IT processes to contribute towards a continuous audit program of reviewing KBR information system implementations, applications, and architecture. Duties include documentation of high level reviews and discussions of business and technical processes, procedures, and policies, in KBR Audit Management System, CCH TeamMate. IT Security Analyst KBR (Fortune 500 Firm) - Houston, TX March 2009 to February 2011 Manage four global Active Directory domains consisting of approximately 53,000 user account objects. Fulfill domain account access requests through the Service Ticket and Request Tracking (St@rt) system based on IBM Tivoli. Provide level 2 support to the Service Desk for security access issues. Collaborate with Product Line IT Approvers for proper resolution of escalated ticket requests. Duties involve creation, modification, and/or termination of network accounts, distributions lists, functional Exchange 2003 mailboxes, and Active Directory security groups. Perform data and mailbox migrations to ensure users have access to relevant and appropriate resources to maintain productivity. Responsibilities include maintaining security policy objectives for user accounts through research of Oracle user database and SAP Billing database for assurance of proper user identification and authorization of system resources. Utilize SAP query tools to validate user information for provisioning and system access. Act as a coordinator, with a firm understanding of the security access request lifecycle, to facilitate the business process of Enterprise Systems Access approvals. Work with other team members to maintain Service Level Objectives for the Global Security Access Team (GSAT). IT Security Analyst Universal American Corporation (Fortune 500 Firm) - Houston, TX January 2007 to February 2009 Manage the IT Security User Access Request process, ensuring security access requests are submitted within established guidelines and processed accurately. Complete fulfillment for account creations, terminations and modifications for domain accounts and multiple software applications including: HIMS, HIMSWeb, Ez-Cap, HEMIS, Project Server, Trizetto Facets, and SunGard Macess. Act as a Subject Matter Expert regarding access management for internal users and all IT personnel as well as for external business partners and vendors. Research and troubleshoot account access failures and develop solutions. Monitor daily network traffic activity with StealthWatch, a network behavior analysis tool. Maintain HIPAA regulatory compliance of electronic communications with Proofpoint. Report suspected information security misuse to management. Responsibilities also included maintenance of all objects within Active Directory and share permissions, coordination with system administrators for maintenance, management, and to achieve security objectives. Assist in quarterly recertification for user access security. Provide additional support as a Sharepoint Administrator for our intranet sharepoint sites. Cisco Consultant Deployment Solutions, Inc - Houston, TX May 2005 to December 2007 Installed, configured, and maintained various networking devices which primarily consisted of Cisco switches and routers for various clients within the greater Houston area. Several implementation projects were completed successfully within time constraints. A thorough network assessment was performed of a Siemens Energy & Automation office location. Network Administrator K & J Corporation - Houston, TX March 2002 to January 2007 A Windows Small Business Server 2003 environment was maintained utilizing Microsoft best practices regarding small client/server environments. Exchange 2003 was managed within the context of the environment.  Knowledge of technologies and research methods were utilized to support the business and its users. Education Master of Security Management University of Houston - Downtown Campus - Houston, TX December 2010 Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance University of Houston - Downtown Campus - Houston, TX May 2005 Associates of Applied Science North Harris College - Houston, TX December 1999 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) October 2011 to January 2015 Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE ver NT) Present