IT Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Security Specialist - Defense Point Security LLC Woodbridge, VA Work Experience IT Security Specialist Defense Point Security LLC 2017 to Present • Experience executing Step 4 ( Security Assessment) of the NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF).  • Experience in developing and disseminating Security Assessment Plans.  • Experience in interpreting and evaluating implementations of NIST 800-53 rev 4 security controls.  • Documenting findings within Requirements Traceability Matrixes (RTMs) and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).  • Experience reviewing and interpreting Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scans, WebInspect scans, IBM Guardian, Burpsuite and DbProtect scans  • Ability to execute Security Assessments and develop and deliver supporting documentation within aggressive timelines.  • Assessing systems of varying scope and complexity and comprised of various technologies.  • Work on multiple assessments simultaneously.  • Leading a team of 3-5 people  • Attend client meetings as necessary  • Provide weekly status reports IT Security Analyst XO Communication 2015 to 2017 • Help in updating IT security policies, procedures, standards and guidelines according to department and federal requirements  • Support Cyber Security analyst in conducting Vulnerability Management, Security Engineering, Certification and Accreditation, and Computer Network Defense.  • Responsible for the adequate assessment of all identified risk(s) and the generation of a mitigation plan for the PEO EIS Cyber Security Office to receive an accreditation decision for all information systems. Evaluate and ensure security threats are mitigated, remediated or waived IAW DoD guidelines.  • Perform risk assessments, update and review System Security Plans (SSP) using NIST 800-18 (Guide for Developing Security Plans for federal information systems) Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, Configuration  • Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM): Responsible for acknowledging and tracking IAVM notices and creating Plan of Actions and Milestones (POAMs) for review and approval by the Authorizing Official (AO) formerly known as Designated Approving Authority (DAA).  • Management Plans (CMP), Contingency Plans (CP), Incident Response Plans (IRP), and other tasks and specific security documentation. COOP/Disaster Recovery (DR) Security Engineering  • Responsible for conducting analysis of security incidents. Perform investigations of unauthorized disclosure of PII. Responsible for reporting findings and provide status to senior leadership. Perform escalations to the Regional Computer Emergency Response Team (RCERT) when required.  • Perform vulnerabilities scan and monitor continuously using NIST 800-137 as a guide with the aid of Nessus Crest consulting group, IT security analyst Information Security System Policies 2013 to 2015 • Developed, reviewed and updated Information Security System Policies, established security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, FIPS, and industry best security practices.  • Performed vulnerability scanning with the support of Nessus scanning tool to detect potential risks on a single or multiple assets across the enterprise network.  • Updated IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department and federal requirements.  • Performed risk assessments, help review and update, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, Configuration Management Plans (CMP), Contingency Plans (CP), Incident Response Plans (IRP), and other tasks and specific security documentation. (SA&A) Security Assessment and Authorization using NIST SP 800-53 rev4/FIPS 200 ( Security Controls), NIST SP 800-53A rev4 (Assessing Security Controls).  • Monitored controls post authorization to ensure constant compliance with the security requirements Special Police Officer/ IT intern Centerra Group LLC 2011 to 2013 • Armed with a .38 revolver handgun  • Responsible for the safety of visitors and employees of the Holocaust memorial museum.  • Certified in the usage of X-Ray machines to scan visitors and employee's belongings coming into the museum and administration building  • Required to have great personality and friendly  • Interned as an IT analyst at the museum Gunsmith IDS, Homeland Security Solutions Inc - Quantico, VA 2008 to 2013 • Armed with a 9mm Beretta pistol  • Worked directly with the provost marshal by assisting the Marines with providing all the necessary weapons  • Assisted with the revising of the SOP (standard operating procedure) for the armory  • Responsible for the accountability of weaponry system and ammunition  • Responsible for the issuing of weapons and ammunition to Marines and civilian police officers  • Responsible for the scheduling of employees work hours    Memberships/Affiliations and certifications  • Currently have a Secret Clearance  • NASM (National Academy of Sports Medicine) certified Personal trainer  • Member, National Society of Collegiate Scholars  • Member, Phi Theta Kappa international honor society  • CPR, First Aid and AED usage certified by the American Red Cross  • CAP certification in progress (August, 2017) Education B.S. in Biology Howard University - Washington, DC 2011