IT- Security System Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span>-<span class="hl">Security</span> System Administrator IT- Security System Administrator - Raymond James Financial Pinellas Park, FL A self-motivated IT-Professional with seven years of technical and customer service experience. Possess an excellent history of managing numerous projects and business requirements in a timely manner. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT- Security System Administrator Raymond James Financial - Saint Petersburg, FL November 2013 to Present St. Petersburg, FL  A billion dollar brokerage firm with approximately 6,500 financial advisors serving in excess of 2.7 million client accounts who puts client's needs first.    IT- Security System Administrator November 2013 to Present  Administrated multiple security related applications such as but not limited to anti-virus, data loss prevention and Ciphercloud that enforce and maintain high level security while overseeing system health and monitoring.  * Implement, administrate, develop, maintain, and oversee enforcement of policies and procedures for our data loss prevention application.  * Assist and oversee other technicians with deploying data loss prevention applications and troubleshooting.  * Designed and implemented internet URL filter/proxy rules for end users through our firewalls.  * Designed, created and trained staff on information security procedures and workflows.  * Recommend, schedule, and perform security improvements, upgrades, and/or purchases.  * Provided on-call security support for end users.  * Interact and negotiate with vendors, contractors and other areas of operations to obtain protection services and products and procedures.  * Recommend and enforced health and monitoring for security applications.  * Create and review security application documentation for use of training and troubleshooting. IT- Security Analyst Raymond James Financial - Saint Petersburg, FL August 2012 to November 2013 Create and review security measures to ensure high level of Information Security while assisting customer needs.  * Supported corporate endpoint anti-virus, firewall, and network access control applications.  * Created, updated and reviewed application troubleshooting procedures.  * Created SIEM reports used by other areas of operations.  * Managed internet access request queue for end users for the entire firm.  * Utilized security applications to investigate threats and attacks.  * Subscribed and worked with (FS-ISAC) Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center to review security threats and vulnerabilities other businesses have found to verify security within our firm.  * Designed and created an improved corporate workflow for end user website access requests.  * Created and presented turn over documentation to other areas of operations to support end users.  * Implemented network firewall and URL filter rules and policies.  * Provide on-call security support for end users.  * Reviewed client email containing PII and wire fraud. Support Technician Raymond James Financial - Saint Petersburg, FL November 2011 to August 2012 Customer focused technician, skilled in troubleshooting security application issues for clients.  * Assisted end users security related problems via E-Mail, phone and other electronic mediums.  * Reviewed and granted end user internet access requests.  * Worked with vendors and contractors to support security applications.  * Supported our firm's internet proxy and reporting application.  * Assisted with corporate anti-virus changes and upgrades.  * Trained new interns within the team to assist with daily operational tasks. IT Security Intern Raymond James Financial - Saint Petersburg, FL November 2008 to November 2011 Worked with the Operation Service Center and Access Admin teams which focused on multiple technologies such as firewalls, Internet Proxies, Active Directory Services, Telecom and Networking.  * Assisted branch technical liaisons with connectivity and end user issues via E-Mail, phone and other electronic mediums.  * Created and review team procedures.  * Modified and permissioned user accounts.  * Performed security software troubleshooting on end users devices.  * Assisted end users with telecom issues and maintained telecom wiring infrastructures.  * Created and modified internet access policies for end users.  * Worked with vendors to help troubleshoot security application issues.  * Reviewed client emails for PII leakage. Education A.S in IT- Security St Petersburg College - Saint Petersburg, FL 2018 Northeast High School, Academy of Information Technology June 2008 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Software: Microsoft Office 2003-2013, Windows 2000-Windows 8, CA Service Desk, SharePoint, Anti-Virus, Proxies, NAC, Active Directory, Palo Alto Perimeter Firewalls and URL Filtering, Data Loss Prevention, Ciphercloud, Box, WinSCP, SIEM.    Hardware: Desktop, laptops, Handheld Devices, Servers