Application support specialist Application support specialist Application support specialist - Modis IT/Bibliotheca Blaine, MN Obtain a position in the IT industry that launches my career, utilizing my skills and education, while offering the potential for continued professional growth. Work Experience Application support specialist Modis IT/Bibliotheca September 2017 to Present • Provide first line support for all products via phone, e-mail and web portal  • Diagnose and provide hardware and software support for customers  • Manage accurate daily case activity in Microsoft CRM  • Foster relationships with other departments to improve the quality of our service Jr. Security Analyst Apex Systems/UHG/Optum April 2017 to Present • Secure access management suite  ? used to add and remove users as well as view their access to what applictions they are allowed to access  • ServiceNow Ticketing System  ? respond to tickets dealing with rsa tokens being reset or not setup  ? password resets and generic passwords for users to setup RSA tokens and smart cards,  ? network troubleshooting tickets  • MyId Credential Management System  ? Used to assign smart cards to users as well as unassign users from smart cards  • Assigning and deleting user information for smart cards & RSA tokens  • assigning users to various groups and global groups through an RSA Portal Customer service Modis IT/Bibliotheca February 2016 to February 2017 Feb 2016 - Feb 2017  • Implementation project for Fairview organization and clincs  ? Installed Imprivata software for Hosptials and Clinics  ? Installed badge readers for Physicians/Nurses which coincided with the Imprivata software  • Added users to a designated group in Active Directory  ? Active Directory Management  ? Adding/Removing Users  • Configured each workstation to a various type designated by a master list of greentags for each and every computer throughout the organization that were having the software installed on them  • Installed and manually tested installed software  ? After Installation and reboot, tested the software to make sure badge readers and software were correctly installed  ? Tested the functionality of the software with the applications it was synced with. Ex: Outlook, Epic Clinical Application, Dragon Dictation, etc.    • Software support  ? Support over the phone or in person for the Software and badge readers that we installed  ? Customer service in regards to answering an questions regarding the software and badge readers  ? Helping physicians and nurse's getting enrolled with there badges and explaining what the software should entail to help increase workflow  • Customer service  • Service Now ITSM Suite ticketing system  ? Resolution of tickets coming into the ticketing system regarding the Impirvata software  ? Escalating higher priority tickets to the appropriate tier of support if a resolution was not obtainable  ? Opening and closing of tickets within the systems  ? writing detailed descriptions for each of the ticketing incidents that were opened and closed IT Technician Dave's Artistic Images - Saint Paul, MN July 2013 to September 2013 • Setup small LAN network  • Set up 3 servers running VMWare  ? Each of the VM servers is running windows server 2012  ? The main server has a backup policy set on it to back up to each of the other servers at the end of every night as well as backing up to a cloud drive he has registered online  ? VM server has multiple virtual machine desktops that are configured on it which are also backed up when the server is backed up each night  • Set up virtual desktops for users  ? Set up windows 7 professional on each of the users virtual desktops  • Added users to active directory and set up provisions for each user for the files they need access to  • Set up each users logon credentials using active directory and group policy management  • Built a small database for inventory  ? used a small basic sql database set up for his inventory  ? used sql server 2008 for the database structure  • Still doing ongoing support when needed Education Associates Degree in Computer Networking Systems in Computer Networking Systems ITT Technical Institute - Eden Prairie, MN June 2013 Skills Active Directory (1 year), Customer service (1 year), RECEPTIONIST (1 year), RETAIL SALES (1 year), Security (1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  • Windows XP, Windows 7  • Windows Suites  • Configuration  • Troubleshooting  • Routers/Switches Configuration  • Computer Maintenance  • Hardware/Software Installation  • Customer Service  • Programming  • System Security  • Networking  • VMware  • MS Office Products  • SQL Database  • Active Directory Configuration and Troubleshooting  • Networking projects  • Linux Administration  • Imaging Machines using Ghost