Sr. IT Auditor Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor Sr. IT Auditor - Keystone Advisors - Deloitte (DoD), VA Alexandria, VA IT Controls Analyst & IT Auditor with over five (5) years of IT experience. Solution-focused, team-oriented IT process risk assessment and Support Analyst with broad-based experience and hands-on skill in the successful implementation of highly effective IT operations and the cost-effective management of innovative customer and technical support strategies. Seeking a position in a reputable organization where my technical, analytical and customer service skills can be utilized and enhanced. Work Experience Sr. IT Auditor Keystone Advisors - Deloitte (DoD), VA September 2018 to Present * Performing all stages of audit in their entirety from developing test plans, testing procedures, field work executing, and documentation of test results and exceptions and follow up.  * Documenting result findings, exceptions, observations, recommendations and liaise with process owners' remediation action.  * Performing audit tests, compliance tests, substantive tests and identified key controls and weak points and mapped it against FISCAM and NIST frameworks.  * Prepared IT Audit program to include Access controls, change management controls, operations controls, and application controls and identified deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls and provided recommendations.  * Performing walk-through and testing of IT internal controls within the DOD business units to ensure compliance with FISCAM framework.  * Providing management with timely and accurate assessment of narratives, work papers, other documentation; recommends modifications as appropriate.  * Apply audit knowledge and critical thinking skills to ensure that test procedures are still relevant to the controls and objectives we are testing. Security Control Analyst Randstad - Vanguard Bank February 2018 to August 2018 * Conducting IT risk assessment; document related risks and note key control issues; developing appropriate audit programs to test the control risks identified and subsequently evaluate control designs, optimization and assurance over operational and compliance processes Perform walkthroughs and testing relating to Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs) for financially related ERP systems (SWIFT) * Performing tests of IT general and application controls identify deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls and provide recommendations.  * Assisting in the development of audit objectives and detailed test procedures that effectively address key controls and risks.  * Performing IT general controls testing for Sarbanes-Oxley 404 compliance in public companies, OMB A-123 in government agencies, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports in compliance/SSAE16 (formerly SAS 70).  * Performing Audits with regards to ISO 27001 IT Security Implementation and remediation.  * Use pre-defined tests to complete controls testing of IT Operations Internal Controls.  * Execute tests of internal controls for IT Operations using IT auditing techniques & methodology * Communicate potential findings to teammates & control owners.  * Apply audit knowledge and critical thinking skills to ensure that test procedures are still relevant to the controls and objectives we are testing. IT Controls Analyst / IT Auditor 4 Square IT Consulting June 2013 to February 2018 * Performing comprehensive Security Control Assessment (SCA) and prepare report on management, operational, and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems.  * Support security tests and evaluations (ST&Es) and generate security documentation including Security Assessment Report; Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM); Contingency Plans; Disaster Recovery Plans; Risk Assessment (RA); Privacy Impact and Assessment (PIA).  * Formulate security assessment reports and recommendations for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits in the system * Performing audit of Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs), systems development, change management, business continuity, and disaster recovery and computer operations.  * Performing IT general controls testing for Sarbanes-Oxley 404 compliance in public companies, OMB A-123 in government agencies, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports in compliance/SSAE16 (formerly SAS 70).  * Reporting findings to management and provided remediation recommendations for security related control by means of written reports and oral presentations.  * Performing tests of IT general and application controls identify deficiencies in the design and operating effectiveness of controls and provide recommendations.  * Conducting IT risk assessment; document related risks and note key control issues; developing appropriate audit programs to test the control risks identified and subsequently evaluate control designs, optimization and assurance over operational and compliance processes Perform walkthroughs and testing relating to Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs) for financially related ERP systems (PeopleSoft, Oracle Financials, SAP) for various leading clients in the public and private sectors.  * Worked on SAP, Financial statement Audit, Remedy, COBIT and ITGCs, making sure the controls are in place and operating effectively.  * Assisting in the development of audit objectives and detailed test procedures that effectively address key controls and risks.  * I accomplished successful testing of applications developed as a part of the automation for security vulnerabilities that can put the application and business at risk.  * Supervised and mentored new and junior employees within the team and performed supervisory and peer reviews.  * Handle of special projects such as Segregation of Duties (SOD) and SOX Compliance business challenge projects, PCI DSS, HIPAA and identify conflicts or inadequate internal controls and provide recommendations * Tracking the status of testing, findings, and remediation efforts. Develop and present related reports.  * Excellent technical, analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to adapt to new technologies.  * Working with the client to perform corrective action plan validation active to verify if remediation activities have been implemented.  * Performing Audits with regards to ISO 27001 IT Security Implementation and remediation. IT Field Technician Artech Information Systems LLC - Endicott, NY July 2009 to March 2013 * Install and replace laptop battery, screen, memory, nic card, keyboard, touchpad, HDD, fan, CD/DVD drive and power supply * Diagnose and Reimage Hard drives.  * Install, configure, and support an organization's LAN, WAN, VLAN, SAN and Internet systems or a segment of a network system. Monitor network to ensure network availability to all system users and may perform Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.  * SQL Server installation and configuration for application specific requirement * Professional experience with SQL server Database server installation, PL/SQL, Backup/Restore, Troubleshooting and Performance tuning on 24/ 7 systems * Complete application project-based work. Perform responsibilities in accordance with all organizational standards, policies and procedures.  * Administrator: create user accounts manage access control and administer company group policies, map user to network drives, install and setup user applications Conduct technical tasks associated with install, configure and implementing server operating systems, maintenance, and issue resolution to the requisite environments in support of the project * Responsible for deploying new computers, memory upgrades and migrating user data and settings Integrate packages and software deployments into SCCM distributions throughout the organization Education Bachelor of Science degree ITT Technical Institute - Atlanta, GA Skills Cisa, SOX, It Audit, Internal Audit, PCI, Risk Management Additional Information Secret Security Clearance