IT Infrastructure Engineering Security Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure Engineering <span class="hl">Security</span> Lead IT Infrastructure Engineering Security Lead - US Census Bureau Waldorf, MD Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) with over seven years of experience in designing, developing, implementing and managing complex Enterprise Cybersecurity and Information Assurance Programs for U.S Government Agencies and top global corporations. Extensive experience in vulnerability analysis, and developing security architectures of cloud-based systems. Project manager(PMP) with experience successfully leading multiple large-scale IT projects. Experience in Advance Security Analytics(ASA) and numerous IT security tools including Nmap, Wireshark, Nessus, Splunk, Encase, Secure@Source, Q-Radar, ArcSight, ThreatConnect, Firefly, Snort, LogRhythm etc. Has security clearance. Work Experience IT Infrastructure Engineering Security Lead US Census Bureau - Suitland, MD July 2017 to Present Manages IT infrastructure provisioning and security operations including endpoint security, security event management, incident monitoring/response, security awareness and compliance reporting.  • Provision secure IT network infrastructure for high availability failover and disaster recovery.  • Oversees continuous monitoring for AWS cloud hosted enterprise systems.  • Lead Penetration testing and complete IT Security Auditing for all cloud hosted applications  • Develop and maintain comprehensive set of operational documents, procedures, and disaster recovery plans used in maintaining IT Security compliance. Senior Cyber Security Analyst Capital One Bank - McLean, VA June 2016 to July 2017 Conducted incident analysis, detection, and response across Enterprise IT systems and provided system configuration recommendations to harden cyber security posture.  • Conducted security assessments based on NIST 800-53, Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and ISO 27002 standards.  • Identified vulnerabilities, implemented corrective measures and ensure the adequacy of existing information security controls.  • Performed security research, analysis and design for all client computing systems and network infrastructure.  • Experienced in Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), Intrusion Detection & Prevention (IDS / IPS), Data Leakage Prevention (DLP), forensics/ log analysis, vulnerability scanners, sniffers and malware analysis tools  • Performed Certification and Accreditation of on-boarding systems to ensure IT security compliance.  • Oversaw Disaster Recovery (DR) operations and penetration testing of 74 AWS cloud hosted systems and made recommendation to close identified security gaps. IT Security Senior Analyst JP Morgan April 2015 to June 2017 Assessed Information Systems risk and facilitated remediation of identified vulnerabilities within Bank network, systems and applications. Performed vulnerability assessments and security analysis utilizing IT security tools and methodologies.  • Performed assessment of payment systems and data security, and implemented network and endpoint security upgrades to meet PCI-DSS compliance and EMV enhance security protocol.  • Assigned point of contact to address questions from internal and external IT audits and reviews  • Conducted analysis of Cyber threats, attacks and intrusions, and implemented countermeasures to mitigate cyber threats  • Extensive experience in IT security governance programs, risk management, cyber security tools, data Security, security solutions design, security assessments, privacy laws, IT audit and compliance frameworks such IT general controls (ITGC), COBIT, SOX Compliance, HIPAA, FISMA, etc. Project Manager Fannie Mae - Mae, WA November 2013 to May 2015 • Successfully managed multiple end-to end software development projects with responsibilities that included project initiation, planning, managing requirements gathering, design, construction, testing, production deployment and post- implementation review.  • Coordinated multiple upstream and downstream systems, vendors, and external interfaces to successfully deliver mission critical application to production within scope, budget and time.  • Provided executive level communication, reporting and program governance responsibilities that included weekly status reporting, stakeholder engagement, project quality checkpoints and approvals for a large SI program comprising three workstreams and 64 projects.  • Proactively managed project risks and issue, project quality, change control, and coordinated numerous project work and multiple project teams. IT Security Auditor Hilton Worldwide - McLean, VA April 2012 to October 2013 • Planned and executed IT Security audits across multiple hotel locations, performed testing of IT general controls and disaster recovery/BC plans, prepared and presented audit reports and recommendations to senior management.  • Performed independent objective reviews of financial, operational, and compliance risks and controls across Hilton Worldwide operations, including financial statements, contracts, and hotel-level operations processes.  • Provided data analytics support for audits work, SOX compliance testing, and assisted with forensic reviews.  • Assessed the design and effectiveness of controls related to treasury and money market management system, identified gaps in controls and made recommendations to strengthen controls.  • Performed audit follow-up activities to test the implementation of management's responses to audit findings. Project Specialist Pepco - Washington, DC February 2011 to July 2012 • Managed installation of smart meters, performed quality control checks on smart meter installation project, and conducted periodic quality audits to identify opportunities for improvement.  • Trained technicians on smart meter installation, use of handheld devices, configuration of mobile workforce management software (Clevest) for electric utilities smart grid operations.  • Captured and validated installation data, transfer data into other software applications for reporting and management analysis and handled customer communications related to smart meter installation Education Master of Science in Accounting and Information Assurance Robert H. Smith School of Business, University of Maryland - College Park, MD MBA in Finance New Mexico State University - Las Cruces, NM Bachelor of Science in Economics University of Port Harcourt