IT Audit Support Specialist, Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Audit Support Specialist, Senior IT Audit Support Specialist, Senior - United States Marine Corps Woodbridge, VA Seeking an Information Security Analyst or Auditor position with special interest in Cyber security and compliance in an organization where my skills and experience will be utilized in achieving the goals and objectives of the organization. Work Experience IT Audit Support Specialist, Senior United States Marine Corps - Arlington, VA May 2017 to Present • Perform pre-audit activities like review prior year audit issues and ensures corrective actions, system documentation is current, procedures are being followed, Plan of Action and Milestones are up-to-date.  • Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for Prepared by Client (PBC) requests from auditors regarding financial statement audit.  • Provide Subject Matter Expect (SME) audit support for financial statement audit  • Assist in obtaining, reviewing and submitting IT audit specific Provided by Client (PBC) requests, as well as coordinating answers to IPA follow up questions.  • Perform quality control review of documents provided by stakeholders to for PBCs and samples.  • Assist stakeholders to understand PBC request as well as requested documents from auditors.  • Coordinate with stakeholders to obtain status of PBCs.  • Assist in the review and development of management responses for notice of findings and recommendations for information systems and enterprise level audits. Information Assurance Analyst Soliel, LLC - Washington, DC October 2016 to April 2017 • Developed and maintained information security documentation for major applications in accordance with Federal Departmental and Agency guidelines, including System Security Plans, Security Risk Assessments, Plans of Action and Milestones (POAMs), System Categorization Worksheets, Privacy Impact Assessments, Contingency Plans, Business Continuity Plans, Memoranda of Understanding (MOU), Interconnection Security Agreements (ISA), Rules of Behavior, and eAuthentication Risk Assessments.  • Provided Senior Subject Matter Expert (SME) audit support for the following types of information system and enterprise-level audits to include current and prior year as well as roll-forward testing activities: Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA), Financial Statement Audit (FSA), Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 16, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization, and Specialized Audits.  • Served as SME for Prepared by Client (PBC) and Document Request List (DRL) requests from auditors at the entity-wide or system levels.  • Assisted in the review and development of management responses for notice of findings and recommendations for information systems and enterprise level audits to include assisting in the validation of statement of facts.  • Performed pre-audit activities like review prior year audit issues and ensures corrective actions, system documentation is current, procedures are being followed, Plan of Action and Milestones are up-to-date.  • Reviewed, managed, and tracked POA&Ms in CSAM for audit findings for all Agencies of the Department.  • Maintained security compliance descriptions within the Cyber Security Assessment Management (CSAM) C&A web tool for all NIST 800-53rev4 controls for each major application.  • Updated Incident Response forms, Track PII incidents, update the incident database, review and revise draft Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Breach Notification Packages.  • Maintained a central repository and up-to-date tracking report of information and official files for all information systems and enterprise-wide audits. IT Auditor PAHO/World Health Organization - Washington, DC May 2013 to October 2016 • Reviewed IT operations of organization against best practices and general computer controls to determine the adequacy of internal controls and compliance with company policies and procedures.  • Assisted in the review of operational, financial, and technology processes to provide management with an individual assessment of business risk, internal control, and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the process.  • Assisted in the planning, execution and completion of IT audits, business process reviews and other service offerings in various industries from an IT perspective.  • Analyzed and evaluated IT risks, security controls, policies, and procedures.  • Identified audit issues, develop collaborative audit recommendations and assist in drafting audit reports under limited supervision.  • Performed and coordinated follow-up audits to determine if management has taken action to mitigate Identified risks.  • Performed vulnerability scanning using Nexus and ACAS. Information Security Analyst Motor Vehicle Administration, Gaithersburg April 2011 to June 2013 • Performed security control assessment and updated Security Assessment Report using NIST SP 800-53r4/53A.  • Performed systems risk assessment of security controls using the NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF) and NIST SP 800-37.  • Performed FISMA compliance audit reviews and documentation.  • Reviewed security Certification and Authorization (C&A) documentation including System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Risk Assessment Report (RAR), Contingency Planning (CP), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), and Plan of Actions & Milestone (POA&M).  • Reviewed POA&M for remediation and closure and recommended corrective actions.  • Assisted in the completion of POA&Ms, enforced timely remediation of audit issues, and updated system security plans (SSP) using NIST SP 800-18 guidelines.  • Worked with ISSO to perform continuous monitoring on information systems in accordance with NIST 800-137 to maintain ongoing ATO. Cyber Security Analyst H & R Block December 2008 to April 2011 • Assisted in ensuring the integrity and protection of networks, systems, and applications by enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices.  • Developed Security Assessment Plan (SAP) and performed security control assessment to ensure security controls are implemented correctly and operated as intended using NIST SP 800-53A.  • Performed periodic and system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts management, application access and file system using NIST SP 800-53r3/53A.  • Assisted in ensuring that Information Security policy, standards, and processes are routinely assessed for all systems.  • Audited systems for vulnerabilities and provided recommendations for mitigations.  • Performed risk assessments of controls and applications to maintain protection of assets using Risk Management Framework (RMF), NIST SP 800-37 and ISO/IEC 27001. Education MBA Marymount University - Arlington, VA May 2011 Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Philosophy University of Ghana - Accra, GH May 2006