Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - TWM Associates INC Falls Church, VA Work Experience Security Analyst TWM Associates INC November 2016 to Present Worked indirectly for DOD on multiple locations. Analyzed their systems for cyber security purposes across the country. Helped every SITE to improve their SSP and security situations and directed them to achieve maximum possible security in following areas: ? MS Windows ? MS Windows/WEB ? MS SQL DATABASE ? Risk Management Framework ? Developed a method in which data metrics from the Evaluator Scoring Metrics (ESM) can be translated and implemented into the Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS) framework ? Analyzed the eMASS control system and operations to gain an understanding of implementation ? Controls Development: Inherited common controls and created some additional controls according to the requirements of client.  ? Implemented the ESM into the eMASS system by developing the framework of data metrics ? Deconstructed data metrics from ESM and reconstructed under the eMASS framework guidelines ? Validated controls on eMASS for different programs and systems.  ? Thus, assuring future CSSP Validations, and evaluations are able to proceed efficiently.  ? Developed a process in which CCRI Data for DODIN Readiness and Security Inspections can be reviewed and pre-validated by Cyber Review Division (RS12). Also created SOP with each step-in detail for the process.  ? Tested Pre-Inspection Validation Process Including verifying all necessary files are present and making changes SharePoint Data Processing and sending system generated e-mail messages.  ? As a CCRI, A&A, and SAV Inspector, continuously monitored and graded the sites. Also helped the Sites to hardened their hardware and software situations by applying the STIGs from IASE website by using different tools. IT SPECIALIST MWCOG - Washington, DC December 2015 to November 2016 Support the MWCOG Information Technology & Facilities Management ("ITFM") Director in managing day-to-day information technology ? Specialist functions as the described in the position description that follows: Provides a high level of customer service to COG's user base by providing 1ST and 2 ND tier support for Laptop/PC/Mac hardware and software incidents ? Service requests that flow through the Service Desk, walk-ins, phone, and email. The position will work in a team environment internally and externally of the Office of Information Technology and Facilities Management.  ? Implements and troubleshoots hardware and software deployments and department/user moves/adds/changes.  ? Participates in the knowledge management process, creating, and performing root cause analysis and documenting internal processes and procedures.  ? The Desktop Tier 1/ Tier 2 support position requires an experienced detailed oriented Desktop Technician to support various applications and hardware configurations.  ? The successful candidate will communicate with end users at various levels to troubleshoot technical issues.  ? Possess strong troubleshooting and computer configuration skills within a Windows 7, 8, and 10 environments.  ? Installing, configuring, maintaining and supporting desktop computing hardware, peripherals and software, ensuring adherence to the terms of all license agreements ? Managing the technology request fulfillment and deactivation processes for desktop/laptop deployments and peripherals ? Develop and maintain a sound understanding of approved operating systems and application software as well as business-related processes and procedures, organizational guidelines.  ? Creating, testing, deploying and maintaining desktop computer operating system images, software installation scripts, and associated documentation ? Logging, updating and closing incidents within the help desk system, contacting third-party service provider or application support partners as required ? Auditing desktop computing hardware and software and maintain accurate configuration data, complying with Plus asset life cycle procedures ? Supporting telephony, mobile configuration, wireless, access card, and other peripheral end-user systems ? Responsible for monitoring, operating, managing, troubleshooting, and restoring service to client personal computers (PCs) or laptops that have authorized access to the network.  ? Developing and maintain end-user deployment processes, pre-deployment checklist, and post-deployment testing processes ? Performing preventative maintenance tasks and monitor the performance of the desktop computing environment, taking remedial action as necessary.  ? Manage PC setup and deployment for new employees using standard hardware, images and software ? Assign users and computers to proper groups in Active Directory ? Perform timely workstation hardware and software upgrades as required ? Coordinate user and staff testing of software, assist with development of test plans, ? participate in testing and provide appropriate documentation of any problems found ? Maintain patch management for workstations and servers ? Ability to prioritize work and complete tasks unsupervised Overall understanding of TCP/IP networks and phone systems ? Laptop and desktop computer imaging, setup, and configuration Document incidents and requests according to ITIL standards ? Extensive use of a ticket system (Remedy, Heat, Web Help Desk, etc.) ? Take guidance from IT Manager to ensure tasks are completed successfully and on schedule DC Government - Washington, DC August 2014 to December 2015 Diagnose troubleshoot problems with hardware and software and provide appropriate solutions, monitor computer processing systems ? Use Remedy Ticketing System to create incident requests, assign incidents to the correct queue, ? Follow up and resolve in a timely manner, as well as escalating unresolved incident requests to next level of support.  ? Provides remote support to staff working remotely through Bomgar.  ? Install software and perform test to computer equipment and programs.  ? Analyze network problems and manage preventive maintenance procedures.  ? Manage Windows network environment consisting of 100+ users identify hardware and software needs for user computers.  ? Use Remedy Ticketing System to create incident requests, assign incidents to the correct queue, follow up and resolve in a timely manner, as well as escalating unresolved incident requests to next level of support.  ? Replace defective parts from Dell desktop and laptops. Maintains documentation of ? Technical maintenance procedures carried out. Daily use of Windows 2012 Print Server to add new network printers as well as ? Troubleshoot current network printers.  ? Provides remote support to staff working remotely through Bomgar. Replace defective parts from Dell desktop and laptops.  ? Connect hardware and peripherals such as printers and scanners and configure them to work accordingly.  ? Troubleshoot Xerox WorkCentre (5335, 5755, 7556, D95, D110) and HP printers issue. Ensures computers and networks are secured by installing anti-virus and anti- malware applications.  ? Assists users with their hardware issues by providing customer service over the telephone, directly, emailing and ticketing services.  ? Install/Upgrades antivirus and firewalls to computers and networks to ensure security. Resets and unlocks user accounts via Active Directory system.  ? Configure and troubleshoot Multi Factor Authentication (MFA) for Webmail logins. Modify and grant user access to the appropriate agency's shared network drives.  ? Directly resolve or appropriately escalate network reported problems/issues. Trained new techs covering all aspect of Tier I/II job duties. Help Desk Technician Easy Tech - Falls Church, VA March 2012 to July 2014 Installed and configuring new hardware/software; develop, deploy and manage software applications to assist business processes while applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes.  ? Resolved client related technical software and hardware problems.  ? Provided input and recommendations regarding hardware/software technologies and how these technologies can proactively assist the business.  ? Worked with network specialists, application developers, and security specialists to prevent problems and documenting solutions to problems.  ? Monitored, detected, and analyzed network traffic for anomalies or malicious activities as well as overseeing system activities for potential security breach.  ? Recommended fundamental changes to systems configurations to prevent recurrences and perform daily system monitoring, verifying available hardware integrity, server resources, systems and key processes.  ? Presented technical findings and procedures in daily company briefings ? Reviewed system application logs, and verified scheduled jobs completion, such as backups.  ? Tuned hardware upgrades, resourced required optimization and configured CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.  ? Evaluated, responded, and resolved first-level requests for computer assistance from users, including employees, experiencing primary problems with hardware, software, networking, and other computer related technologies ? Preformed domain administration and user setup tasks as needed ? Documented problems, resolutions, processes and procedures ? Provided printer, peripheral and handheld device support as necessary ? Responded to telephone calls, email and personnel requests for technical support.  ? Installed, assisted, and supported corporates laptops, desktops, printers, multifunction devices, scanners and other various hardware technologies.  ? Participated in project planning for assigned contracts.  ? Instructed users in software application usage and basic computer navigation; advised users on best security practices. Education Bachelors of Science Punjab University June 2008 Information Technology NETS College (Sialkot Pakistan) - Sialkot, PK April 2006 Skills Active Directory, testing, security, HTML, access Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Testing Tools: HP Quality Center, JIRA, Selenium  Programming Language: C#, Java, .Net  Scripting Languages: VB Script, Java Script, Shell Script, HTML, XML  Databases: MS SQL Server, Oracle, Access  Design/CASE Tools: MS Excel, MS Word, Outlook  Operating Systems: Mainframe, Windows 7,10, Server 2008, 2012  CompTIA Security + Certified ( COMP001020478576 )    ADDITIONAL SKILLS    ? Communication Skills: Exceptional listener and communicator who effectively conveys information verbally and in writing.  ? Interpersonal Abilities: Proven relationship-builder with unsurpassed interpersonal skills.  ? Analytical/Research Skills: Highly analytical thinking with demonstrated talent for identifying, scrutinizing, improving, and streamlining complex work processes.  ? Managerial skills such as Systematically Improvements; Personnel Management.  ? Computer/Technical Literacy (Microsoft Office Suite, Excel, PowerPoint)  ? Fully adept in Flash, FTP, FrontPage, PageMaker, Photoshop, Publisher and Outlook.  ? Flexibility/Adaptability/Managing Multiple Priorities.  ? Planning/Organizing/Multitasking.