Marketing Analyst Marketing <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Marketing Analyst Chicago, IL Innovative business builder with new marketing approaches. My unique skills developed at a start-up company led by CPG executives and at Nielsen with CPG clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Marketing Analyst Nielsen - Chicago, IL June 2013 to Present Accomplishments  • #1 Packaged Vegetable Brand – Led competitive analysis and uncovered new drivers; unique fresh message and sourcing authenticity. The improved positioning increased awareness by 20%.  • #1 Packaged Salad Brand - Developed a shopper analysis using Homescan and Spectra to identify a large segment with high index and low ACV. New distribution resulted in 17% increase in penetration.  • Leading Packaged Fruit Brand – Identified optimal package size to appeal to snacking trend and increased sales by 12%.  • Leading Grocery Retailer – Identified the top categories and created effective group merchandising to increase basket size by 7% during the Super Bowl season.  • #2 Supermarket Retailer – Managed a comprehensive multi-category produce analysis and created a template for on-automated analytic process for timely results. This replaced expensive research with 20% cost reduction.  • Weekly/Monthly Reports – Managed and delivered over 100 ongoing reports in a month. Received several recognitions from management for innovative analysis and timely reporting.  • Training and Client Service – Improved usage and knowledge of Nielsen tools, increasing client engagement by 20%. Operations and Marketing Manager Fresh D'Lite Grill - Geneva, IL August 2010 to May 2013 • Opportunity Assessment - Analyzed trends using many syndicated and custom research to identify the white space, concept, marketing plan, and bank presentations to help procure funds in six months.  • Brand Development – Created a unique message using “fresh, unpackaged, and artisan” to cue healthy in a new way. The improved message created 50% more interest in purchase intent.  • Business Model – Assessed over ten healthy restaurants to identify a more efficient business model (product format, investment, operation, and messaging) that is attractive to investors.  • P&L Reporting – Led the process with an improved P&L format to align food and labor cost with the industry norm. This project brought the labor cost structure close to the lowest cost leader, Chipotle.  • Innovation Project Teams – Managed many multifunctional teams to move projects from concept to commercialization. Received recognition for improving innovation success rate by over 20%.  • New Platform Process – Identified cash cows, dogs, and key drivers with a process that will allow on-going menu rationalization and new platform creation.  • Menu & Product Development – Managed all product development and research to create the menu achieving high taste ratings even with lower fat and sodium (8 on a hedonic 10 point scale). IT Applications Security Intern Rexam Beverage Company - Chicago, IL June 2012 to August 2012 World leader in consumer products beverage packaging)  • Played a leadership role in implementing different IT authorization process for 3000 employees that improved business efficiency and reduced cost by 20%.  • Led a project to interact with Finance and IT to simplify a process using Government Risk Compliance, saving over $130,000. Education Bachelor of Science in Finance and Managment Information Sciences University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL 2009 to 2013 Additional Information SKILLS MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Access, Graphics, and SAP