Information Assurance Analyst Information Assurance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Assurance Analyst - AmerisourceBergen Laurel, MD A meticulous goal oriented and detail oriented information security professional with strong problem solving and project management skills seeking an information security analyst or information security assessor position. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Assurance Analyst AmerisourceBergen - Rockville, MD October 2016 to Present Performed IT risk assessment based on the NIST standards to ensure that security designs sufficiently mitigate risk; and prepared risk assessment reports and provided recommendations to client.  ? Developed test plans and conducted security test and evaluations based on NIST 800-53A.  ? Met with IT team to gather evidence, develop testing procedures and document test results and exceptions.  ? Assessed a selected subset of the technical, management, and operational security controls employed within and inherited by the information system in accordance with the organization defined monitoring strategy.  ? Ensured that appropriate steps are taken to implement information security requirements throughout the system's lifecycle from the requirement security phase through disposal.  ? Researched and made recommendations on cyber security best practices, trends and regulations. IT Security Analyst National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) - Silver Spring, MD November 2015 to September 2016 11/2015 – 09/2016    Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Frederick, MD- IT Security Analyst    Responsible for conducting structured security certification and accreditation (C&A) activities utilizing the Risk Management Framework and in compliance with the Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA) requirements.    Conducted IT system testing based on the appropriate analysis and review techniques provided by NIST.    Developed and update the information systems security documentation (e.g., System Security Plan, Contingency Plan, Contingency Plan Test, Business Impact Analysis, FIPS-199, eAuthentication, Privacy Threshold Analysis, Privacy Impact Assessment, System of Records Notice).    Experience using NIST SP 800 series including SP 800-60, SP 800-53, SP 800-53A, SP 800-18, SP 800-34, SP 800-62, SP 800-37..    Assessed adequacy and efficiency of security controls by updating Security Control Assessment Plan (SCAP), Security Test & Evaluation (ST&E) Report and Security Assessment Report (SAR).    Planned, developed, implemented, and maintained an Incident Response and Audit Program for events of interest and address Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) in continuous monitoring with various point of contact    Planned, scheduled, coordinated, prepared, executed and documented the results of test plans and test scripts, and provided lessons learned for incident response, contingency, and continuity of operations drills, exercises, and activities.     Effectively communicate technical information to non-technical personnel via email, face-to-face meetings and periodic bulletins. Senior Information Security Analyst Arthur Group - Burtonsville, MD October 2013 to November 2015 Schedule and conduct security assessments of systems to determine compliance with applicable security control and standards (NIST SP 800-53A) to ensure controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended and producing the desired outcomes with respect to meeting the security requirements of the information system.  ? Conduct system risk assessment, assess assets within a system boundary and identify all possible vulnerability with systems.  ? Conduct security assessment by reviewing system security plan (SSP) to create kick-off presentations, Security assessment plan (SAP) and security control assessment matrices.  ? Conduct meetings with various system teams to gather evidence, develop test plans, testing procedures, and document test results and exceptions.  ? Upload plan of action and milestones (POA&Ms) into trusted agent FISMA (TAF) and validate artifacts provided to remediate (POA&Ms).  ? Draft security assessment reports (SAR) to provide stakeholders information regarding the security posture of their system in accordance to the control outlined in Nist SP 800-53 rev.4. Review (POA&M) and enforce timely remediation of audit issues.  ? Review tenable Nessus vulnerability and compliance scans as part of security control assessments.  ? Perform vulnerability assessment by compiling and analyzing scan results for weaknesses and vulnerabilities and recommend remediation processes to the identified weaknesses and vulnerabilities.  ? Perform FISMA continuous monitoring related activities. IT help desk Real News Network - Baltimore, MD August 2012 to September 2013 Monitored service desk for tickets assigned to the queue and process first in first out (FIFO) based on priority.  ? Modified configurations, utilities, software default settings, etc. for local work station.  ? Utilized and maintained the helpdesk tracking software.  ? Installed, tested, and configured new workstations, peripheral equipment and software.  ? Provided end user training on SharePoint and Citrix software use.  ? Developed and updated SOP's and process flows used for the onboarding of fellow help desk colleagues. Education MSc. in Information Technology/Health Informatics (in progress) University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD B.A. in Media Communication Studies University of Maryland Baltimore County - Baltimore, MD A.A. in General Studies/Business Technology Admin Howard Community College - Columbia, MD Skills NIST (5 years), NESSUS (5 years), SAR (5 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (5 years), SHAREPOINT (5 years), Quality Assurance Certifications/Licenses Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge (CCSK) November 2017 to Present Health Data Analytics (HIMSS) Present AWS-CERTIFIED-DEVELOPER-ASSOCIATE October 2018 to Present Additional Information Skills  MS office suite, Visio, SharePoint, Clarity, Pplus, Theracall, Risk Vision, Nessus Tenable, Splunk, CSAM, Risk Management Framework, COSO, COBIT, ISO 27002, PCI-DSS, HIPAA, HiTRUST, Vendor Risk Management, Fedramp, FIPS 199, FIPS 200, SORN, E-Authentication, PTA, PIA, RA, SSP, CP, CPT, SCA(ST&E), SAR, POA&M, NIST SP 800 series.