IT Infrastructure Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Infrastructure <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Infrastructure Analyst - Control Risks Houston, TX • 4+ years' experience in server administration.  • 4+ years' experience in Exchange administration.  • 3+ years' experience in PowerShell scripting.  • 3 years' experience in Skype for business and O365 Management and administration.  • ACI Concrete Field Testing Technician - Grade I / ID #01391333.  • PMP exam preparation course, REP No. 3403.  • Extensive AutoCAD experience. -currently preparing for "AutoCAD Certified Professional" certification-  • Extensive MS Project experience.  • Excellent planning, communication, motivational, and leadership skills with a reputation for providing excellent user service. Work Experience IT Infrastructure Analyst Control Risks January 2018 to Present Duties:  • Implementation and migration to cloud services.  • Managing Nasuni Management Console and 32 Nasuni filers.  • Resolving problem records as assigned within the prescribed OLA, ensuring prompt status updates are placed within the call  logging system.  • Resolving alerts from the monitoring systems for all infrastructure services and systems.  • Identifying trends, logging the trend as a problem ticket and ensuring the problem record is updated in a timely basis.  • Make recommendations for changes when required and ensures the relevant testing and CAB entry has been carried out and approved.  • Regularly review capacity of the infrastructure systems and raise recommendations for dealing with issues before they impact the business.  • Proactively monitors the infrastructure and resolves any potential issues to ensure business impact is minimized.  • Monitors performance of the infrastructure and optimizes as required.  • Applies patching and ensures all infrastructure services are maintained with the latest software updates.  • Tests and applies security patching as per the Infrastructure Patching policy ensuring business systems are not impacted by the patch process.  • Create and maintain documentation as it relates to system configuration, mapping, processes, and service records for all  infrastructure production systems and services.  • Project management of IT-related projects and assist with other IT-related projects as required.  • Recommend and execute modifications to Windows systems to improve efficiency, reliability, and performance.  • Resolves major incidents outside core working hours when on call.  • Liaises with the Infrastructure Architecture team to ensure Infrastructure standards are applied and any recommendations for improvement are applied as requested via change control.  • Escalates incidents and problems to the Infrastructure Architecture team when required and ensures a resolution is applied  promptly.  • Participates in disaster recovery testing and rehearsals.  • Provide tier-3 support for SD (Service Delivery team) and Application support team.    Milestones: -  • Part of the 2-man infrastructure team which was responsible for managing, monitoring, and maintaining operations across 4  domains with 300+ servers in the environment.  • Filled the position of Deputy SDM (Service Delivery Manager) were I managed and supervised the Americas Service Delivery  team    Projects: -  • Houston office relocation  • VoIP phone system upgrade (from Polycom CX to Polycom VVX and Trio) IT Service Delivery Analyst Control Risks - Houston, TX August 2016 to January 2018 Duties:  • Create and Manage user accounts, security groups and distribution lists in Quest console  • Create and Manage users in O365 (Exchange and Skype)  • Create and Manage users in BB Good server  • Write PowerShell scripts to reduce the time required to complete tasks  • Identify and address patterns and trends in issues to prevent major incidents and reduce the impact to business continuity  • Assist with server patching to ensure all servers are compliant and up-to-date with security patches  • Monitor Americas servers' status and respond to any incidents  • Travel to other CR offices to provide local IT support.  • Manage NTFS permission for shared files and folders  • Provide day-to-day support to all users in the Americas region via telephone, email and in person  • Create a forensic image of requested laptops using TD2 and Deft Zero  • Deploy CR image to laptops  Milestones: -  • Promoted to Infrastructure within a year. IT Technician NorthStar Memorial Group October 2015 to August 2016 Duties:  • Provide support for all company employees across 3 domains and 96 locations in the US  • Create, edit and mange users and groups in O365 environment  • Manage and edit O365 exchange whitelist and black list  • Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware  • Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software  • Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems  • Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems.  • Develop training manuals and knowledge base articles for end users and IT team.  • Maintain daily performance of computer systems  • Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur and get them resolved before they have any major impact on business continuity.    Projects:  • Migration from On-Prem environment to Hybrid O365 environment. System Administrator State Department, US Government January 2014 to July 2015 Duties:  • Provide guidance to all 10 systems administrators at supported constituent posts within Iraq  • Create and Manage user accounts and security groups in Active Directory  • Create and Manage Lync accounts for users  • Administration, support and maintenance of 37 servers including 7 Exchange servers  • Support 27 U.S. Government agencies and 2 Regional Embassy Offices with all IT related issues to include but not limited  • to (LAN, WAN, Server Management, BlackBerry Enterprise Server management)  • Support 3400+ users and 2500 workstations in three main buildings and numerous off-site Aux. buildings with all IT related  • issues to include but not limited to (account creation, SharePoint permissions, NTFS permission) Administration and • management of world's largest overseas post BlackBerry (BB) Servers  • Write PowerShell scripts to reduce the time needed to complete tasks  • Monitor Baghdad's Information Systems Center (ISC) computer operations and work order support section to make sure  • that all computers have only approved and compliment software installed and servers health status  • Progressing/Escalating the trouble tickets appropriately to ensure embassy clients receive the highest quality of service  • Manage Embassy computer management assistants team  • Provide weekly status reports to the Information Systems Officer (ISO) concentrating on any problem areas that might  • require escalation to upper management  • Support the DoS OpenNET system at US Embassy Baghdad and its supported constituent posts in Basra and Erbil  • Ensure full functionality for the SBU hardware and software computer systems  Houston, TX * Cell: (224) 829-8492 * msmohammed989@gmail.com  • Responsible for the maintenance and day to day operations at all unclassified systems facilities  • Provide Tier 1-3 support to all US Embassy customers  • Provide systems information and coordination support to GITM and Consular Affairs installation teams visiting the post  • Re-image workstations and reinstalls application  • Manage NTFS permission for shared files and folders  • Manage NetApp storage arrays    Milestones: -  • Supervised 4 junior computer management assistants to ensure continues and quick service to all embassy personal  • Projects Completed: -  o Planning, coordination and successful relocation of the Diplomatic Security Office from Aux. Site Prosperity to the embassy (50+  Computers, peripherals, network equipment and Vetting team local SQL database)  o Planning, coordination and successful of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) from Aux. Site Prosperity to the embassy (30+ Computers and its peripherals).  o Successful migration of all US Embassy Baghdad workstations (2500+) from windows XP to Windows 7  o Upgrade US Embassy Baghdad workstations (1000+) to a newer model IT Security Analyst II KBR. Inc August 2013 to December 2013 Duties:  • Evaluate, test, monitor and maintain information security policies, procedures and systems such as Hardware, Firmware and Software  • Ensure security design, controls and procedures are aligned with information security standards and are appropriate to mitigate risk of exposure  • Analyze possible solutions using standard procedures while developing advanced skills.  • Performs and manages the implementation of countermeasures or mitigating controls. Ensures the integrity and protection of networks,  systems, and applications by technical enforcement of organizational security policies, through monitoring of vulnerability scanning devices,  research, malicious code reverse engineering, penetration testing, and threat intelligence.  • Performs periodic and on demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, application access, and file system.  • Coordinates with users to discuss issues such as computer data access needs, security violations, and programming changes. IT Reprographic Lead KBR. Inc February 2012 to August 2013 Duties:  • Respond to customer requests for Computers (Hardware & Software) issues  • Respond to customer requests for Network related issues  • Maintain and repair reprographic equipment (Printers, Scanners, Shredders)  • Install, configure and maintain satellite equipment  • Install, run and terminate network cables and jacks  • Install, run and terminate Fiber optic cables  • Archive files as per archiving procedures  • Monitor the trouble tickets queue to ensure to ensure clients receive the highest quality of service  Milestones: -  • Promoted 3 times in one year  • Promoted to IT Reprographic lead Education Bachelor's Skills Active Directory, Powershell, Hyper-V, Nasuni, O365, Exchange and Exchange Online Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+