Job Seeker Arlington, TX Possess MS in Cybersecurity, MBA in Finance, CompTIA Security+, Network+ and Healthcare Information Security and Privacy Practitioner (HCISPP). Looking for Cyber Security or IT related position in a local or a major global organization that is looking for someone with Networking, Cyber Security, Linux Admin skills, and master's level education in research, management, finance, security planning, monitoring, incident response, and knowledge in digital forensics. Work Experience Citi Group (Contractor) October 2017 to Present • Helped the organization to stay compliant to customer notification and regulatory requirements.  • Performed Risk Exposure Assessment (REA) to assist the Legal team in their assessment and regulatory notification role.  • Helped the organization in its risk assessment and mitigation processes by participating in the GDPR in - Scope compliant risk assessment by helping the company to avoid any punitive sanctions, such as heavy financial fines.  • Participated in the daily Peer Review to determine which event is an incident and also assigned the right classifications to the various incident.  • Determined which incident would merit SIM Research, Not a SIRT, and immediate closures • Played major role in making sure management has good visibility in the day to day incident.  • Coordinated with other departments to ensure all security incidents are contained and eradicated.  • Assisted the Business Information Security Officers (BISO) to complete their self-service Incident IT Security Analyst Inova Health Systems Nokes Blvd - Sterling, VA August 2015 to September 2017 • Worked in the Governance Risk and Compliance department • Performed Vulnerability scanning using Qualys Guard and Nessus Pro throughout enterprise.  • Performed vulnerability and threat analyses from scanned results and provided adequate information for risk remediation.  • Worked as Identity and Access Management Analyst • Provisioned a number of accesses using Oracle Identity Manager and RSA to create both soft and hard token biometric authentication factors.  • Reviewed existing policies to meet HIPAA security and privacy compliance.  • Conducted risk assessment and formulated a road map for risk remediation  Carried out risk remediation.  • Implemented Security Controls to protect company's IT infrastructure • Conducted Gap Analysis and prepared a roadmap for risk mitigation • Coordinated the procurement of security monitoring tools and devices.  • Reviewed policies and procedures and risk management programs to ensure compliance with HIPAA and PCI DSS regulatory framework. Information Technology Consultant Inova Health Systems Nokes Blvd - Falls Church, VA 2012 to July 2014 Responsibilities   • Participated in building HIPAA and PCI compliant system for Inova Health Systems EPIC project in all the healthcare centers and Command Centers • Installed and configured hardware and software devices (over 55,000 devices) • Conducted technical dress rehearsals prior to the EPIC rollout.  • Installed peripheral devices such as scanners and signature pads. Upgraded web interface applications, Microsoft office and other applications. Installed dual monitors and USB graphic adapter drivers.  • Attended to tickets submitted by users, conducting routine troubleshooting. Completed resolution setting and performed disk check. Replaced storage, memory upgrades and other system resources.  • Performed active directory management and access control management.  • Completed Imaging and configuration of devices. Education Master of Science in Cyber Security University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2013 to 2015 MBA in Finance Methodist University Ghana 2007 to 2009 B.A in Information Studies University of Ghana 2000 to 2003 Skills Cyber Security (2 years), Governance (2 years), MS office (2 years), Nessus (2 years), Security (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Possess deeper understanding of Cyber Security control objectives, governance risk and compliance, policy design and implementation.  • Possess excellent knowledge and/or hands on experience on networking as well as outstanding communication skills.  • Understanding of the TCP/IP protocol; HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, DNS, DHCP, SSH, ICMP, SNMP, SMTP, ARP, RARP, Ping, Netstat, Telnet, Tracert, Nslookup, etc.  • Familiar with Security Assessment tools: Nessus, Zenmap, Netcat, MBSA, Snort, Cain & Abel, John the Ripper, Wireshark.  • Knowledge of Windows Server environments and Linux and PowerShell Platforms.  • Experience with: MS office (Words, Excel, Outlook, Access, PowerPoint)  • Knowledge of System Security/Cryptographic Algorithms, incidence response management, Vulnerability Analysis.