Operations Analyst, IT Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Experienced IT Operations Analyst and Technology Professional Fairfax, VA Current IT Operations Analyst with over nine years of experience in departmental operations, cross-functional teams, and problem-solving, to provide exceptional user support and assistance in resolving conflicts. Diversified skills include project coordination, organizational process improvements, budget management, and technical writing. Ability to oversee and manage multiple tasks, while ensuring timely completion of deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Operations Analyst, IT Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance - Washington, DC September 2014 to Present +Oversee an IT budget of more than $7M with a cost savings approach. Work in collaboration with the Chief Knowledge Officer (CKO) to draft a multi-year operational and capital budget with a focus on strategic business investment spend. Analyze general ledger transactions for accurate reporting, and to ensure spend is in alignment with the budget. Track and forecast budget spends, consistently coming in under budget. Advise the CKO of budget adjustments, risks, re-allocations, variances, and spend trend.   +Administrator for the ServiceNow environment for Incident, Change, Demand and Project applications. Provide training to staff on the use of the application. Manage the operation of the environment with necessary changes to increase usability and productivity.  +Chair the Change Advisory Board (CAB) for all IT-related changes. Authored the ITIL-aligned change management policy, and own the process across the organization. Assess all IT-related changes for any associated risks, and recommend actions to the CAB before change approval and implementation. Measure the success of changes against monthly metrics and KPIs.  +Design, create, and maintain operational policies and processes for information security, acceptable use, budget management, SDLC, and an enterprise architecture board, based on the COBIT 5 framework.   +Produce monthly PowerPoint reports for the CKO and Senior IT staff from KPIs, to deliver insight into departmental operations.  +Manage On-site Service Desk staff to ensure tickets are resolved promptly, with the customer experience being the top priority. With this feedback, real-time adjustments were made to problem resolution and personnel training.  +Resolve user questions as part of Tier II technical support for 300+ staff. Provide support for video conferencing, onboarding, and end-user training.  +Maintain IT capital assets per the asset’s lifecycle and Accounting policies, to facilitate accurate modeling of the asset’s depreciation.   +Orchestrated a ServiceNow environment upgrade project from Eureka to Fuji with minimal downtime and impact to users. Controlled the upgrade deployment across development, test, and production platforms to ensure environment stability, by facilitating bug fixing and QA testing between consultants and system users.  +Spearheaded an office physical access upgrades project by identifying new equipment and software to streamline office access for staff. The project came in on time and budget.  +Delivered a project to repurpose conference rooms. Partnered with the Operations department to convert unused conference rooms into video conference rooms for staff, allowing for a 40% increase in available conference rooms for internal meetings. Sales Associate Bath & Body Works - Fairfax, VA November 2006 to Present Provide customer service and product knowledge to customers with finding Bath and Body Works products to meet their individual needs. Itemize the sales floor and stockroom with the required product shipments and product. IT Technician Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance - Washington, DC September 2007 to September 2014 +Provided Tier I support for the installation and maintenance of a global IT infrastructure. Perform initial diagnosis and analysis, and assist in the repair of network issues. Managed APC monitoring capabilities for a secondary data center, providing real-time statistics of the data center's environment.  + Managed On-site Service Desk staff to ensure tickets are resolved promptly, with the customer experience being the top priority. With this feedback, real-time adjustments were made to problem resolution and personnel training.  + Attained Microsoft licensing compliance by executing a Microsoft Enterprise Agreement (EA). Signed the EA before Microsoft's year-end, allowing for the utilization of existing software assurance credits, and for an additional 20% savings, with the total cost of the EA coming in 10% under budget.  + Integrated existing Microsoft SQL licenses into a Microsoft Enrollment for Application Platform (EAP) agreement to attain licensing compliance. The integration allowed for existing licenses to have software assurance and upgrade rights at 50% of the cost of a new license. Achieved total savings of $186,000 in license costs over three years.  + Resolved user questions as part of Tier II Service Desk for 250+ staff for general technical problems, video conferencing, new staff onboarding, and end-user training.  + Authored "how-to" technology guides for staff, and IT communications regarding upcoming technology deployments, outages, and general information.  + Engaged in the yearly financial audit for general IT controls. Developed quarterly and annual audit reports on user and administrator access to the network, servers, and data centers.  + Managed IT purchases in alignment with the approved budget, and Finance and Procurement procedures. Interfaced regularly with the Procurement department and vendors to ensure a robust relationship between both, and the timely execution of contracts and invoice payments.  + Worked with staff cross-teams and local partners' in-country to provide support for board meetings held in Gavi countries (previous meetings held in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and Phnom Penh, Cambodia).  + Provided guidance and support to the design and implementation of solutions that contribute to strategic business goals, while aligning with the overall IT Strategy.  + Maintained Cisco Unified Communications and video conferencing environment. Associate Security Engineer Corsec Security - Fairfax, VA June 2006 to August 2007 +Reviewed client programs and products, developed test plans and criteria, and analyzed results for Common Criteria (CC) evaluation assurance documentation.  + Analyzed, documented, and generated evaluation assurance documentation for intrusion detection systems (IDS), storage area network (SAN) devices, storage resource management (SRM) and device management software, patch management software, clinical patient software, and virtualization software products.  + Analyzed, compared and documented the variances between CC versions 3.1 versus the existing version, 2.3. Provided internal feedback for updating CC evaluation assurance documentation. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA 2002 to 2006 Skills ITIL (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Technical Writing (9 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Technical Documentation (9 years), User Training (9 years), Remote Desktop Support, Microsoft Licensing (4 years), Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Sharepoint, ServiceNow (1 year), Salesforce (1 year), Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio (9 years), COBIT (1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ckummers Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Foundation Present Cisco CCENT September 2013 to September 2016