Cyber security analyst / Firewall administrator Cyber <span class="hl">security</span> <span class="hl">analyst</span> / Firewall administrator Cyber security analyst / Firewall administrator - US Patent & Trademark Office Centreville, VA Professional and highly experienced NOC/SOC network security analyst and firewall administrator motivated to deliver results and grow in a fast paced environment.    Clearance/ Certifications Currently hold Active Secret Clearance and CCNA Routing and Switching (Expected April 2019) Work Experience Cyber security analyst / Firewall administrator US Patent & Trademark Office - Washington, DC January 2018 to Present • Develop, implement, enforce and communicate security policies and/or plans.  • Knowledge of the Juniper Networks Junos OS, networking fundamentals, and basic routing and switching.  • Evaluate engineering and integration initiatives and provide technical support to assess security policies, standards and guidelines.  • Monitor, evaluate, and maintain systems and procedures to safeguard internal information systems and databases from unauthorized users.  • Research, recommend, and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance security.  • Create incident response plans, including coordination with appropriate departments, other business units, and appropriate authorities.  • Collaborate with business management to communicate security risk and countermeasures.  • Use HP Open View to manage applications, device availability, network conditions and status, system performance, service and program maintenance, and storage resources.  • Author reports on threats, vulnerabilities, and security attacks.  • Configure routine FW changes as requested by clients: update object names or IPs, add objects to groups, revise rules, etc. Have advanced knowledge of, and experience with, Juniper Firewall/VPN products.  • Create and review reports, analyze logs to verify proper function, and identify anomalies.  • Interact with clients to receive requests, request clarifications, triage, troubleshoot and resolve Network Security issues.  • Collect and analyze data obtained by the USPTO's Security tools.  • Analyze security and firewall logs and investigate all incidents as needed.  • Alert the SOC to all intrusion attempts and report findings to appropriate parties. Responsible for maintaining copies of all reported Firewall incidents, and report quickly on all reporting requirements, scheduled and ad hoc, as required by Federal and agency programs.  • Performs other IT Security task and duties as assigned based on business needs and technical expertise  • SOC application/network/hardware/database monitoring of all nodes mission critical devices.  • SOC monitoring security network detection Intrusion with various monitoring tools Splunk & QRadar. IT Admin Liljenquist & Beckstead - McLean, VA November 2009 to July 2018 • Provided hardware and software support of PC's and network/telecommunications system infrastructure equipment.  • Installed, configured, upgraded, and troubleshot problems related to hardware, software, and other equipment.  • Responded to calls from users.  • Troubleshot problems related to any aspect of network/telecommunications systems and PC's.  • Diagnosed, tracked, resolved, and documented problems.  • Served as initial point-of-contact with vendors to solve problems.  • Identified and resolved hardware, software, communications, and networking problems related to end-user computing  • Scheduled and coordinated preventative maintenance on computer and peripheral equipment.  • Installed, configured and tested new and updated releases of end-user software systems and computing equipment.  • Advised, trained, and assisted users on how best to utilize system and ensures installation of desktop hardware and software according to established standards.  • Trained and cross-trained fellow employees on system operations and usage.  • Performed password and other various levels of security support on systems.  • Analyzed statistics and wrote reports on system events and performance.  • Created and managed databases, procedures, and documentation, including equipment inventory of utilized and spare equipment.  • Monitor customer network 24/7 with On-Call support to assist with all IT Outage, Failure, and Emergency. IT Technician Liljenquist & Beckstead - Fairfax, VA May 2017 to December 2017 • Used VMware Service Manager and Servicenow to manage tickets and document findings.  • Used Active Directory to manage account profiles, lock outs, password resets, and for inventory of county hardware.  • Monitored network components for inventory purposes  • Assisted in installing, configuring, upgrading, moving, and administering PC, network/telecommunications systems and components.  • Loaded and tested computer software.  • Performed password and other various levels of security support on all network systems.  • Checked for computer viruses using appropriate software.  • Provided desktop support and inventory control support  • Collected data on system events and performance for reports and analysis.  • Set up A/V equipment for events, meetings, and conferences including laptops, LCD projectors, and web cams, and polycomms.  • Worked with different applications and technologies including GoTo Assist, GoTo Meeting, Citrix, Windows operating systems 7, 8.1, and 10, Apple OS, and Microsoft office. Education High school Skills Cyber Security, It Security, Information Security, Network Security, Siem, Cybersecurity Additional Information Interpersonal Skills  • Proven record of outstanding performance and dependability with increasing responsibility, both in Teams and Stand-Alone Projects.  • Bi-Lingual in both English and Pashto.  • Worked in various different types of environments ranging from Small/Medium Businesses, Enterprise Corporation, Call Centers, Data Centers, NOC, and SOC.  • US