Junior Cyber Security Analyst Junior Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Junior Cyber Security Analyst - CyberASquare Fairfax, VA Aspiring Cybersecurity Analyst with an extensive IT background who enjoys troubleshooting to finding solutions to technical and security issues. Critical thinker who addresses customer support issues quickly and who consistently exceeds performance standards. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Junior Cyber Security Analyst CyberASquare - Stafford, VA March 2016 to Present • Responsible for maintaining the integrity and security of PCI POS, systems and networks.  • Employ techniques to perform log analysis in the systems.  • Performing network traffic analysis utilizing raw packet data, net flow, IDS, and custom security tools as it pertains to the network.  • Conducting malware analysis of attacker tools by providing indicators for enterprise defensive measures  • Performs Network Monitoring and Incident Response.  • Create, modify, and update IDS and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM).  • Identifying, analyzing, remediating, and reporting security incidents  • knowledge of TCP/IP, firewalls, routers, and network protocols and technologies.  • Excellent communication, organization, and troubleshooting skills.  • Experienced in Risk management, risk assessment, and security audits.  • Experienced in identifying potential threats and ensuring security of network systems.  • Knowledge of system, network security, log analysis, and intrusion detection technologies.  • Knowledge in taking quick action on cyber threat intelligence.  • Knowledge of Kerberos and multifactor authentication systems  • Identify and work to detect cyber security threats to the firm globally  • Troubleshoot database connection, permission, space management, and performance issues. Run trace and gather statistics on SQL statements causing issues.  • Performed backup and recovery, migrate database for upgrade and administrative purposes.  • Retrieve and restore archived data for testing.  • Conduct users training to ensure systems security and increase user awareness.  • Conducted users training to ensure systems security and increase user awareness.  • Conduct risk assessment on all system changes  • Review, analyze and troubleshoot antivirus dashboards and endpoint deployments  • Work with a tight-knit team with a spirit of open and frequent communication  • Member of Cyber Security group focuses on automated notification and response  • Participate in discussions to further review and refine existing automation measures  • Performs monthly vulnerability scans, maintenance and expansion of related tools, identification of current issues, tacking of remediation efforts.  • Performed backup and recovery, migrate database for upgrade and administrative purposes. Graduate Assistant IT Support Virginia International University - Fairfax, VA August 2015 to December 2015 IT Support IT Helpdesk June 2011 to January 2015 • Provided maintenance of computer desktop environment by analyzing requirements.  • Resolving problems, installing hardware and software solutions, and supporting the internal IT Helpdesk.  • Responsible for the administration and internal support of the Company's PCs, printers, servers, and related equipment.  • Tasks include end user support, license tracking, and performing PC maintenance, upgrades, migrations, data eradication and configurations.  National Assembly Complex, Abuja, Nigeria June 2011 - Jan 2015  IT Support  • Provide technical assistance for end users on their PCs for their daily routines  • Systems Configuration and Installation  • Troubleshooting LAN and WAN issues, and Cabling  • Install and configure windows operating system and applications  • Static and Dynamic routing including RIP, IGRP, EIGPR and OSPF Education MS Computer Science in Computer Science Virginia International University - Fairfax, VA December 2016 BS Computer Science & Engineering Ladoke Akintola University of Technology November 2008 Skills CSS (Less than 1 year), EXCELLENT WRITTEN AND VERBAL COMMUNICATION SKILLS (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), risk assessment (1 year), SQL (1 year) Additional Information COMPETENCIES  • Information Assurance • Network Engineering  • Microsoft Office suite • IT Virtualization Methodologies  • Systems Applications Products (SAP) • Vulnerability Assessment - Nessus, MSBA  • Risk Assessment / Analyst • Splunk Search and Reporting  • IT System Administration  • Programming: Java, C, HTML, Perl, PHP, SQL, CSS  • Proficient written and verbal communication skills    • Network Traffic Sniffing - Wireshark