IT Audit Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Audit Senior Princeton, NJ • Be recognized as an expert in Information Technology audit and security best practices. Work Experience IT Audit Senior September 2012 to Present IT Audit Staff - Newark, NJ July 2010 to September 2012 07102  • Planned, Scoped & Executed IT Audits to Support SOX 404 Compliance.  • Conduct Operational Audits to evaluate efficiency and effectiveness of various IT Systems  • Provide consultative audit services to management to strengthen control environment  • ITGC Auditing: Risk-based IT General Controls assessments  • In-depth reviews of Logical access, User Administration and program change procedures for IT systems.  • Documenting & Testing User Recertification process for IT systems.  • Prepare narratives, risk/control matrices, system/process flowcharts  • Perform testing of key automated controls for IT systems such as Oracle Financials and other complex in-house developed Telecom Software  • Anti-Fraud program in collaboration with Rutgers CAR lab: Duplicate payments and vendors, refunds, commissions etc  • Fraud Investigations  • Interview management and document the discussions relating to the internal control environment  • Identify and document any internal control related deficiencies based on conversations, observations and testing of internal control activities.  • Involved in testing and documenting financial processes like Financial Statement close process, Accrued Expenses, Accounts Payables for SOX 404 Compliance.  • Through & comprehensive work paper documentation  • Present audit results through detail audit reports detailing weaknesses and recommendations.  • Prepare scorecards and participate in yearly Aggregation of Issues analysis with management to identify risk appetite  • International Experience including field office visits to branches in Dublin and London for onsite testing of IT Systems. IT Audit Intern Mandem Consulting Inc July 2009 to December 2009 New Jersey  Working at Mandem, I was assisting the Audit team to conduct IT audit for their client, a public corporation that assists professional and individual traders with financial market data. Duties included    • Preparing audit work papers and documenting audit interviews for SOX Compliance  • Performing revisions on the Mandem Inc. published book " IT Auditing: A Practical Guide to the CISA Exam  • Developing and formatting an E-learning quiz module for candidates taking the CISA certification. Security Analyst WIPRO Technologies - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 2005 to 2008 Chennai, INDIA.    • Delivering Managed Security services (24X7) for Washington Mutual, Seattle WA.  • Providing support for 150+ Cisco PIX and Checkpoint firewalls and access control servers.  • Managing other security and network infrastructure based on strict SLA Definitions.  Technology used:  • Cisco PIX 6.3.3(over 100+ firewalls)  • Checkpoint Firewall NG with Application Intelligence R55  • Nokia IPSO 3.7.1 (build10)  • Monitoring Tool - NET COOL, Netcool for security events (NFSM)  • Cisco Authentication control Servers (ACS)  • Nortel Contivity Client  • Firewall Logs - Pix syslog + Checkpoint Tracker  • AR system Remedy Ticketing Tool Education Masters in Information Systems New Jersey Institute of Technology 2008 to 2010 Bachelors in Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering Easwari Engineering College, Anna University 2001 to 2005