Network/ Security Administrator Network/<span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Network/ Security Administrator Irving, TX Resourceful Network and Security Associate offering an aggregate of 3+ years' work experience in Networking and Security domain. Looking for a new employment opportunity which utilizes my Network and Security skills in a constant learning and a fast-paced environment. (Willing to Relocate). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network/ Security Administrator Transportation Services, Delaware State University - Dover, DE September 2015 to May 2017 Dover, Delaware.    • Configuration and maintenance of Palo Alto firewalls PA-500, PA-200, and Cisco ASA 5520 and 5515 on a complex environment.  • Responsible for administering (Create, modify & add) Palo Alto and Cisco Firewall security policy and rule base.  • Layer 3 support level for network security and firewall issues on Palo Alto and Cisco ASA firewalls.  • Managing security devices (ASA, Checkpoint and Juniper SRX) for Projects  • Provide L1 and L2 assistance to the Cisco firewall, IPsec VPN, Cisco SSL AnyConnect including troubleshooting the networks belonging to Enterprise level customers  • Performing packet captures using TCPDUMP, Snoop, Wireshark.  • Used SIEM tools like Splunk and HP NNMi to analyze firewall logs and incident event analysis.  • Worked on Cisco ASDM for configuring VPN on Cisco ASA Firewall  • Implemented Zone Based Firewalling and Security Rules on the Palo Alto Firewall.  • Configured and maintained URL filtering on Palo Alto Firewalls  • Upgraded IOS on various routing and switching platforms.  • Assessed the Organization Security Posture and helping the administration to fill the gaps.  • Utilized several functions of Cisco IOS to better meet user needs such as AAA, ACL filtering, NAT.  • Responsible for troubleshooting IGP like OSPF, EIGRP.  • Administered users accounts in active directory.  • Performed backups and restores.  • Provided weekly reports to supervisor.  • Interact with staff and customers daily and was required to have customer service. Network Administrator THALES(INDIA) - Bengaluru, Karnataka June 2014 to August 2015 Bengaluru, India.  • Worked in TCP/IP, UDP, IP addressing and Subnetting.  • Configuring and troubleshooting HSRP, ACL, layer 2 security technologies.  • Responsible for proper functionality of networking protocols like DHCP, DNS, TFTP.  • Monitored ticket queues for incidents and change requests and maintains solid documentation of all  activity in support of ticket.  • Managed and Upgraded IOS on Cisco ASA firewalls.  • Implementing and troubleshooting firewall rules and performed packet captures to solve network issues.  • Provide Tier2 technical support; assist users facing network problems  • Firewall security policy administration, monitoring, and logging functions.  • Monitor the VPN configuration and Debug/logs Analysis for Complex Issues.  • Developed organizational units in Active Directory (AD), managed user security with group policies.  • Operational support Including Network Communications and Server Performance.  • Configured and maintain managed switches. IT Infrastructure Analyst (Internship) SriTech Systems - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2011 to January 2012 Hyderabad, India    • Respond to tickets and diagnose problems in Inter-vlan routing, access-lists and dynamic NAT issues.  • Log messages using Syslog server and analyze the issues related to high CPU utilization and parameters that can degrade performance of the network.  • Conduct through analysis, problem solving, and infrastructure planning.  • Provide assistance to Network Associate and serve as Secondary Network support.  • Demonstrated solid understanding of DNS, DHCP and VLAN.  • Prepare end users pc for newly hired employees and pc upgrades. Education Master of Science in Information Assurance Wilmington University December 2017 Bachelor of Tech in Electronics& Communications Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University April 2015 Skills FIREWALL (2 years), CHECKPOINT (1 year), WIRESHARK (1 year), IDS (Less than 1 year), IPS (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses PaloAlto ACE Present Additional Information Familiar with:  • F5 load balancer.  • Virtualization technologies (VMware).  • Checkpoint Firewall technologies.  • Python programming.  • IDS/IPS.  • Wireshark