Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Paragon Systems Germantown, MD A competent Information System Analyst with vast 5+ experience in Managing and Protecting Enterprise Information Systems, Network Systems, and Operational processes through Information Assurance Controls, Compliance Verifications, Risk Assessment, and Vulnerability Assessment in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB and industry best Security practices. Organized and detail-oriented individual who demonstrates professionalism and ability to multi tasks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Paragon Systems - Rockville, MD May 2016 to Present Works with ISSOs to complete A&A artifacts including System Security Plans, Security Assessment Report, Plan of Actions and Milestones, Incident Report Plans and any other documents referenced in the SSP.  • Create and update the following Security Assessment and Authorization (SA&A) artifacts; FIPS  199, Risk Assessments Report (RAR), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Analysis  (PIA), Contingency Plan, Security Test and Evaluations (ST&Es), E-Authentication, Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and any other documents referenced in the SSP.  • Perform Federal Information Security Management Act audit review using NIST 800-37.  • Conduct FISMA complaint security control assessments to ascertain the adequacy of management, operational, technical and privacy controls.  • Review and updated System Security Plan (NIST SP 800-18), Risk Assessment (NIST SP 800-30), and Security Assessment Report (NIST SP 800-53A).  • Evaluates POA&M activities to ensure identified vulnerabilities and risk are managed efficiently.  • Assists in developing the ATO package for accreditation decision to be made.  • Perform ongoing gap analysis of policies, procedures, and practices as they relate to established guidelines outlined by NIST, OMB, and FISMA.  • Involve in security incident management to mitigate or resolve events that have the potential to impact the confidentiality, availability, or integrity of information technology resources. IT Security Analyst Mubuxx LLC - Severn, MD June 2015 to May 2016 Monitored, identified, and reported on security incidents, and work with appropriate personnel to develop corrective action plans to resolve the incidents.  • Reviewed the preparation of comprehensive and Executive Certification & Accreditation (C&A) packages for submission to the Information Assurance Program Office for approval of an Authorization to Operate (ATO).  • Worked with the other members of the information assurance team to plan and conduct meetings with system owners where information about the systems and security is gathered and reviewed in accordance to the Risk Management Framework (RMF) authorization process.  • Performed comprehensive Security Control Assessment (SCA) and prepare report on management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems.  • Assisted with conducting Vulnerability Scans on system infrastructure and applications using Nessus.  • Identify security control weaknesses; compile them in a POAM document and track their remediation with system owners.  • Reviewed the preparation of comprehensive and Executive Certification & Accreditation (C&A) packages for submission to the Information Assurance Program Office for approval of an Authorization to Operate (ATO).  • Conducted annual assessment, updated existing Artifacts and worked with ISSO to secure information systems. Cyber Security Analyst Advanced Technologies Inc - Newport News, VA April 2012 to June 2015 Worked with information assurance team to review security policies and ensure that they are designed and are functioning in accordance with NIST guidelines.  • Supported security tests and evaluations (ST&Es) and generated security documentation including Security Assessment Report; Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM); Contingency Plans; Disaster Recovery Plans; Risk Assessment (RA); Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), and POA&M.  • Performed tests and monitored activities to ensure that information systems are in compliance in order to obtain and maintain Authority to Operate (ATO) status.  • Assisted in developing the appropriate documentation and reports necessary to validate systems that meet security and privacy requirements in accordance to the Risk Management Framework (RMF) authorization process.  • Collaborated with Information System Security Officer (ISSO) in performing key role of NIST Certification and Accreditation (C&A) and Documentation and Continuous monitoring.  • Analyzed results from vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus. Help Desk Support 9 Solutions Inc - Upper Marlboro, MD January 2009 to April 2012 Served as point of contact for all users in a help desk environment and provided excellent customer service to end users over phone and using a ticketing system.  • Followed up with end-users to ensure issues have been resolved and tickets are closed.  • Escalated issues to IT support team for additional assistance with resolving reported issues.  • Maintained, updated and kept track of computer systems, peripherals and software inventory management.  • Maintained customer satisfaction and served as the primary escalation point for any customer issues.  • Participated in continuous learning and training in an industry that is constantly changing.  • Demonstrated leadership, strong verbal, interpersonal and listening skills.  • Assisted customers to troubleshoot basic network issues on their devices. Education management Montgomery College - Gaithersburg, MD