Cyber Security Engineer Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Cyber Security Engineer - Booz Allen Hamilton Virginia Beach, VA Increased the Navy's ability to exercise Command and Control of the Navy/Marine Corps Intranet while acting as a Process Analyst for the Business Analysis Office.  - Achieved process improvement for Information Technology Service Management processes through extensive collaboration with government and vendor stakeholders.  - Reduced system vulnerabilities by implementing and validating technical security controls.  - Enhanced security posture of cyber assets by managing McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator server and its product modules such as Host Intrusion Prevention System (HIPS), Rogue System Detection (RSD), Asset Baseline Monitor (ABM), Policy Auditor (PA), and Data Loss Prevention (DLP). Work Experience Cyber Security Engineer Booz Allen Hamilton May 2014 to Present Performed deployment, configuration, and testing of HBSS McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator and point product modules for CNIC client at NAVSTA Guantanamo Bay.  - Acted as Information Assurance Officer for CNIC and assisted clients with the preparation and validation of Certification and Accreditation (C&A) packages.  - Reviewed and validated pertinent documentation such as C&A plan, Risk Assessment Report (RAR), Plan of Action & Milestones (POAM), Test Plan, Contingency Plan, Architecture diagrams and other security artifacts.  - Provided Security, Testing & Evaluation (ST&E) guidance and ensured all DIACAP testing are properly implemented for Secure Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) benchmarks, Retina scanning, and Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) compliance.  - Analyzed client security posture and ensured that vulnerabilities are assessed and remediated. Security Analyst General Dynamics Information Technology June 2013 to September 2013 Analyzed Information Assurance Vulnerability Alerts (IAVA), Information Assurance Vulnerability Bulletins (IAVB), and implemented countermeasures utilizing patch management.  - Supported vulnerability management by leveraging the Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) tool.  - Performed vulnerability scanning, configuration assessment and network discovery for IT assets.  - Assisted with the development and improvement of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), and other pertinent documentation related to vulnerability management.  - Appointed as technical lead in support of HBSS deployment to network infrastructure. Information Security Specialist Department of the Navy September 2010 to June 2013 Assisted with the development of six critical Information Technology Service Management processes.  - Operated and managed suite of network devices including Sidewinder firewall, Cisco switches/routers, Red Hat Linux servers and Windows 2003 servers.  - Performed system administration for McAfee Host Based Security System (HBSS).  - Implemented security approved service requests and directives such as firewall rule creation or modification, and DNS black hole blocking malicious domain names for Internet access.  - Conducted Retina scanning and performed vulnerability assessment for IT assets.  - Validated Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) checklist for compliance and performed appropriate corrective actions to enhance security posture of Department of Defense information systems. Cyber Analyst TEK Systems September 2008 to May 2010 Performed network security monitoring, detection, and analysis for U.S Joint Forces Command.  - Performed information gathering from appropriate tools and databases such as Arcsight correlation tool, log appliance and packet capture.  - Reviewed current intelligence for relevant threats and developed appropriate actions and response.  - Performed incident handling in response to NSA Threat Operations Center alerts and incident reports from Defense Information Systems Agency.  - Performed investigation and analysis utilizing different tools such as Symantec Network Security, McAfee IPS, and Arcsight correlation tool.  - Performed initial investigation on any suspicious activity and reported potential events to Navy/Marine Corps Intranet Command Center and Computer Incident Response Team. IT Systems Technician PSI Pax June 2007 to April 2008 Provided Tier 2 / Tier 3 technical assistance to 3 Navy/Marine Corps Intranet call centers, assisting with network access, printing, and application software operation.  - Physically and remotely configured, troubleshot, and administered users, laptops, desktops, and  Blackberry devices for onsite users.  - Actively tracked and followed up on trouble tickets, reducing average response time from 2 days to 3 hrs.  - Assisted Navy personnel with hardware and software problems provided troubleshooting and resolution, increasing customer satisfaction levels by 15%. Helpdesk Analyst Electronic Data Systems January 2006 to February 2007 Utilized Remedy ticketing system in tracking and documenting client issues.  - Coordinated with Base Operations and Network Operations center for resolution and escalation if  needed.  - Performed troubleshooting and problem resolution for Microsoft office applications, remote access  service (RAS), Citrix, legacy applications, hardware devices and network connectivity issues.  - Received 100% Quality Assurance evaluation for customer support.  - Administered user accounts, printers and other resources using Active Directory. Education B.S. in Information Systems Security University of Phoenix - Dallas, TX Present Cisco Networking Academy - Virginia Beach, VA