Critical Infrastructure IT Specialist Critical Infrastructure <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Critical Infrastructure IT Specialist - DHS NPPD OCIA McLean, VA 15+ years in Cyber Security related activity including SOC Intrusion Detection, incident handling and infrastructure risk management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Critical Infrastructure IT Specialist DHS NPPD OCIA January 2014 to Present • Primary function is to provide risk and consequence analytical products that are cyber security related which affect the 16 critical infrastructure sectors as identified by Presidential Policy Directive 21 (PPD21). This line of duties focuses on the following activity:  ? Development of Project Management Proposals (PMP) for new projects as well as engaging partnering labs with Statement of Work (SOW) requirements and expectations.  ? Providing guidance on outlining and writing of all products provided to OCIA based on goals and objectives of OCIA and agreed to scope and tasks as well as agreed to deliverables.  ? Project management of National Lab collaborative efforts affecting burn rate, agreed to services and timeline management for final products.    • Interagency sector outreach program for both energy and aviation sectors which included core agencies at DOE, FAA, IP/SOPD, TSA and DOT.  • Production of various DHS/OCIA internal released documents such as white papers and internal reports that delved into emerging cyber risk topics in Energy and Aviation such as the FAA's Next Generation Air Transportation Management System.  • Recommend and develop cyber related topics that may develop into deeper diving products within the 16 identified critical infrastructure areas as described by the Department of Homeland Security.  • Function as a Non-Traditional Aviation Technology (NTAT) SME for OCIA. Information Security Analyst ASE, INC - Chantilly, VA December 2012 to December 2013 • Using Packeteer and Wireshark, perused known compromised machine traffic at the National Computer Investigative Joint Task Force for the purpose of counter intelligence. Specifically looked for traffic that was novel in terms of recruiting more "bots" and understanding which TTP's were utilized in the recruitment of those bots.  • Worked directly with FBI's Cywatch to share information breaking news events regarding newly found C2 domains and recently found compromised systems that were IP related to known bad systems. Security Analyst Cloudburst Security August 2008 to December 2012 Executive Office of the President, Washington DC    • Provided network and firewall support to security operations team working with Palo Alto and Sidewinder products.  • Provided web access problem solving support to the NOC.  • Performed packet analysis for identified anomalous activity to ascertain whether a compromised had occurred or not using Netwitness and Splunk.  • Participated in daily anti-spear phishing activity to mitigate effects of that type of activity.  • Blackberry overseas compliance assistance. Security Analyst Part Time Cloudburst Security - Leesburg, VA August 2008 to December 2012 Using Arcsight, provided traffic analysis for monitored FAA traffic and Department of Education B.S. in Public Administration/Political Science James Madison University MBA in Business Administration The George Washington University - Washington, DC Certifications/Licenses CISSP November 2004