Sr. Security Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. Security Analyst - SilverSky Miami, FL Work Experience Sr. Security Analyst SilverSky - Fort Lauderdale, FL June 2013 to Present Same position before the acquisition Sr. Security Analyst StillSecure - Fort Lauderdale, FL September 2012 to June 2013 Served as an escalation point, mentor, and Team lead for Security Analyst  • Perform advanced troubleshooting on multiple platforms to Identify and resolve network and security issues including but not limited to network latency, routing issues, vulnerability review and mitigation, identify and mitigate security risks leveraging firewall rules, IDPS, Web Application Firewall, etc.  • Audited Clients to ensure they adhered to Compliance requirements (PCI, HIPAA)  • Evaluated Security Analyst strengths and weaknesses to aid in ongoing training  • Training of new Security Analysts, Took ownership of critical customer facing issues  • Conducted and participated in SOC Operational Meetings  • Successfully communicated with Management to enhance Operations Security Analyst Log Management September 2011 to September 2012 Encrypt data transmissions and erect firewalls to conceal confidential information as it is being transmitted and to keep out tainted digital transfers.  • Properly Document all configuration modifications performed  • Maintain and Implement services such as Network Firewall, IPSec and SSL VPN, Content Filtering, Log Management, Web Application Filter and more on multiple Platforms  • Successfully Leverage networking tool sets to identify and resolve performance issues on customers' networks. Analyze and respond to Real Time IDPS based signature alerts  • Interface with customers to provide detailed explanations of network issues and complete requests. Administrative Assistant/ IT Support Palmetto Ford - Miami, FL February 2007 to September 2011 Read technical manuals, confer with users, or conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems or to provide technical assistance and support.  • Develop training materials and procedures, or train users in the proper use of hardware or software.  • Administrator for Servers, Ford Website, ADP Suite, ADP WEB CRM, E-mails and company websites.  • Create advertisements for events, help handle weekly advertisements.  • Assist in managing, purchasing, and trading of Inventory for Ford Dealer Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Security ITT Technical Institute - Miami, FL 2010 Certifications/Licenses Security+