IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Cout and Investment Houston, TX Work Experience IT Security Analyst Cout and Investment September 2015 to Present • Create NIST Risk Management Framework templates while gathering and reviewing artifacts to develop Authorization packages (SSP, SAR and POA&M) for information system to be granted Authorization To Operate using NIST 800-37 as a guide.  • Perform information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security processes using RSA Archer GRC platform working within a matrixed corporate environment to assess threats, risks, and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues.  • Assist with selection and implementation of controls that apply security protections to systems, processes and information resources using the NIST family of security controls thereby protecting the Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability of the system.  • Determine security risks and provide proof of compliance in security categorization, security control selection, security control implementation, security control assessment, information system authorization and security control monitoring with a broad knowledge of security risks and controls.  • Provide implementation details tailored to NIST SP 800-53 Rev 4 controls for assigned applications.  • Assess systems security controls using SP 800-53A to identify control gaps and perform the documentation, implementation and testing of the entire IT security control portfolio and recommend improvements for the risk compliance/applications access control process.  • Develop, review and evaluate security plans based on NIST Special Publications 800-18. Develop, support and coordinate periodic IT compliance and compliance risk management training and promote a risk aware culture throughout the organization. Information Security Analyst Winners Chapel August 2011 to August 2015 • Planned, directed, and coordinated activities, specifically relating to Information Security and IT Audits.  • Served as a Business Analyst liaison between Information Technology ( IT) staff, security staff and the business stakeholders to incorporate non-functional security requirements on the business, business processes and IT systems.  • Participated in client interviews to determine the Security posture of the System and to assist in the completion of the Security Assessment Plan using NIST SP 800-53A test required to maintain Company Authorization To Operate (ATO), the Risk Assessment, System Security Plans, and System Categorization.  • Maintained accurate information/data regarding end user issues within the tracking system and updates assets information/data when equipment is moved, added or changed in the inventory database.  • Provided other IT related duties as assigned. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM).  • Worked with internal clients, IT staff, and vendors to provide timely and efficient IT coordination  • Created status reports for key security projects in very detailed and organized manner.  • Investigated possible security breaches identified through review of audit reports and follow up accordingly with departments/ management IT Support Intercontinental Bank Plc September 2008 to July 2011 • Troubleshoot Laptop/Desktop issues including hardware replacements such as motherboards, RAM, HDD, Processors, Screen and Cooling fans.  • Configured TCP\IP on devices for network programming and connectivity.  • Downloaded and apply updates and patches as recommended by software vendors.  • Setup, configured hardware\software enhancements, upgrades to onsite and remote users.  • Configured LAN segmentation on switches through VLAN and port securities.  • Built and configured PCs and laptops as well as loading software, and conducting audits for unlicensed software.  • Built and administered database servers, SQL Server.  • Provided base level IT supports to both internal and external customers.  • Logged all complaints and informed customers about issue resolution progress.  • Worked closely with the team to resolve or properly close aging tickets.  • Managed the individual and ticket queue for the team.  • Assigned issues to appropriate support group for thorough support and prompt resolution. Education MBA in GLOBAL University of Houston May 2016 Skills Business continuity, Data loss prevention, Disaster recovery, Dlp, Hipaa, Ids, Ips, Nist, Payment card industry, Pci, Sox, Security, Drp, Bcp, Intrusion, Rsa, Incident response, Sap, Risk assessment, Security plan Additional Information SKILLS AND ABILITIES    Risk Management Framework (RMF), NIST SP 800 Series, Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) 199 & 200, System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Plan (SAP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Risk Assessment (Impact Analysis), Plan of Action & Milestone (POA&M), Incident Response Plan (IRP), Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion Prevention System (IPS), Data loss prevention (DLP), Business Continuity Plan (BCP), Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP), The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), SOX, HIPAA, MS Suite (Word, Excel, Access, Power Point), RSA Archer, Threats and Vulnerabilities Management.