IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Georgetown, IL Work Experience IT Security Analyst Assurant 2012 to 2019 • Track Compliance items on a Monthly and Quarterly basis for various systems.  • Track Incidents and recording details in SharePoint.  • Manage Active Directory account creation in Saviynt and Hitachi. Analyze data workflow from Workday to ensure the ID creation process was smooth. Interact with Saviynt when issues occurred  • Run web site and server vulnerability scans. Analyze/test results, identify risks and making recommendations for remediation.  • Control and monitor physical access to information processing facilities.  • Interact with Project Managers and team members to conduct application and system vulnerability and configuration scans as part of the SDLC  • Collaborate with information technology resources to take proactive measures  preventing the exploitation of vulnerabilities that exist within the technology infrastructure.  • Analyze trends and produce metrics.  • Participate in Risk Assessment for the organization  • Manage the Panda Cloud antivirus and systems management environment.  • Tickets tracked using Service Now. Contractor SelectRemedy 2011 to 2012 Payer Website Registration Clerk - Walgreens Accounting Center    • Uploaded pharmacy payment information into the accounting system.  • Manage User ID's in Active Directory.  • Managed User security.  • Install, configure and troubleshoot approved software on PC's.  • Install, maintain, and repair local and network printers.  • Support other projects as directed. Volunteer IT Support Pregnancy Resource Center 2010 to 2011 • Maintain Dell, MAC laptops, HP and Dell desktops and HP printers.  • Maintain network hub, wiring, switches, and wireless router.  • Assist with installation of new PC's, printers, and network related equipment while maintaining integrity of users data  • Analyze future IT needs and propose solutions  • Maintained asset inventory. Senior Systems Analyst EDS 1994 to 2009 • Manage IT Asset inventory via Asset Center application.  • Day-to-day monitoring of help desk tickets.  • Manage User ID's in Active Directory.  • Manage Backup strategies on Windows servers.  • Install, maintain, and repair local and network printers.  • Install, configure and troubleshoot approved software on PC's.  • Perform backup tape changes, offsite storage processing, and tape retrieval when necessary. Change backup strategies when necessary.  • Network troubleshooting and wireless surveying, including RF access points in production areas, various Cisco Switches and routers, and wireless connectivity.  • Provide local support for corporate IT projects. Education B.S. degree in Leadership Greenville College - Greenville, IL 2007 A.A.S. in Programming and Operations Danville Area Community College - Danville, IL 1991 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, DHCP, LAN/WAN, TCP Assessments Technical Support — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nyq6hl0a2il-0ele Basic Computer Skills: PC — Familiar July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/gicukrfdlk0yg3-y Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Technical Expertise    Operating Systems: Microsoft Server 2003 and 2008, Active Directory, SMS,  Windows 7, Windows XP, Unix, MAC OS, Red Hat Linux, Ubuntu  Linux, CentOs 5.8    Software: Microsoft Office 2010, 2013, 2016: Outlook, Word, Excel,  PowerPoint, Access, Visio, various Quality Control Applications, Matrics, and  Prism: Installation and support    Hardware: Personal computers and servers: HP, IBM/Lenovo, Dell, Compaq, MAC, Cisco VOIP phones  Fork truck based computers: Intermec 5055, Intermec CV60,  Intermec Scan guns, Symbol Scan guns  Printers, network and local: Hewlett Packard, IBM Laserjet and impact, Fujitsu, Dell, Xerox, Intermec    Network: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, NETBEUI, DNS, DHCP, WINS, VPN, Ethernet, Telnet, Cisco Switches and Routers, Intermec Access Points, Solarwinds Network tools    Security: Acunetix versions 8 to 12, Alert Logic, Digital Defense, VM Ware Configure Soft, Kastle Systems, Hyena system tools, NMap. Heidi SQL, Panda Cloud Office Protection and Systems Management, Critical Watch Web based and VM  vulnerability scanners, Splunk log management