IT Security Compliance Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Compliance Specialist IT Security Compliance Specialist - IP Connect Consulting Mansfield, TX A Result oriented professional, dependable in achieving set goals/ targets and talents for making creative ideas profitable. Ability to provide guidance on risk and compliance initiatives that includes IT audit, Control & Governance, Security Awareness, Policy and Standards, Vulnerability Management, Cloud Security Compliance. Work Experience IT Security Compliance Specialist IP Connect Consulting - Las Colinas, TX January 2016 to Present Duties and Responsibilities  ? Review Organization IT Security policies to ensure it meets both industry standard and best practice.  ? Establish the Scope, Objectives and approach to assigned Controls using a Risk Based Methodology that fully assesses the areas under review.  ? Provide IT Security Risk and compliance oversight as well as conduct analysis of IT environments and processes to validate control strengths and weaknesses as well as collaborate with process owners to develop remediation plan or develop applicable compensating controls to mitigate risk.  ? Conduct Gap Analysis to validate Hitrust Security Controls.  ? Partner with IT leadership and other key stakeholders to help coordinate and execute the scope definition, evidence gathering, Security policies and procedures as well as Organizational risk factors in preparation of Hitrust readiness assessment.  ? Review the adequacy of key controls such as Segregation of duties, Accountability Control, Maker-Checker concepts and Role-Based Access control (RBAC).  ? Assist planning and implementation of information security controls.  ? Review audit trails and access control violations, reporting such violations to the analysts and management when necessary.  ? Ensure that audit procedures exist for critical systems.  ? Conduct third party vendor risk assessment and accurately interpret audit reports against define criteria.  ? Ensure audit trails enabled in mission critical Application and ensure necessary audit events are captured-User Id, time of access, location of access and the activity that was performed. Also validate that log content are kept and protected based on retention policy of the organization.  ? Ensuring there is adequate and up to date disaster recovery plan and providing support during testing in disaster recovery and business continuity (DRBC).  ? Ensuring all users are granted accesses on a 'need -to-know basis or on principle of 'least privileges in line with their job functions.  ? Establish, consult, track, monitor and report all internal Risk Control Self-Assessment (RCSA) in compliance with standards and policies.  ? Maintain a working knowledge of Information Security Assessment industry standards/best practices.  ? Establish Mitigating and Compensatory Controls to address key Control gaps thereby implementing preventive and detective Controls in critical systems. IT Auditor IP Connect Consulting - Las Colinas, TX March 2013 to December 2015 Duties and Responsibilities  ? Conduct a comprehensive Business Application Audit review  ? Establish the Scope, Objectives and approach to assigned Controls/Audit using a Risk Based Methodology that fully assesses the areas under review.  ? Conduct network security compliance review by validating control strengths in Firewall, disabling of insecure service or protocols, changing defaulting settings, up-to-date on application of security patches, ensure security of point of egress and ingress etc.  ? Evaluate complex Business and Technology Risks as well as identifying related opportunities for Internal Control improvement.  ? Review the adequacy of IT Procedures and processes to help address Control deficiencies AML/KYC Compliance Analyst Zenith Bank International January 2008 to August 2011 Duties and Responsibilities  ? Complete planning for Risk assessments for Audit engagements and participate in risk identification supporting periodic Audit plans.  ? Performed the required KYC screenings on customers documenting the information obtained on the clients as required by global KYC procedures.  ? Effectively conduct AML/KYC formality reports on questionable accounts and transactions.  ? Completed analysis of transactional information to identify risk, trends and potential wary activities.  ? Maintain a working knowledge of Information Security Assessment industry standards/best practices.  ? Conducts regular reviews of data samples of accounts opened to ascertain degree of compliance using the KYC monitoring schedule.  ? Track action on the resolution of all compliance-related audit or regulatory findings and related actions, management-initiated actions, and actions coming from compliance framework activities.  ? Periodically review reports filled by AML/CFT surveillance officers to ensure that eligible transactions are filled based on transaction scenarios. Skills Security, Cobit, Hipaa, Information security, Nist, Sox, Ssae16, Security policies, Risk management, Governance, Process implementation Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Process Implementation - Security Policies and Procedures  Information Security Governance and Risk management  Project Management  Industry Standard exposure - NIST, PCIDSS, HIPAA, HITRUST, SOX, COBIT, SSAE16