Infrastructure Manager Infrastructure Manager Infrastructure Manager - Driven Solutions McKinney, TX IT Infrastructure Security Manager with expertise in network operations, systems administration, PCI compliance, and leading successful IT Support teams. 15+ years experience delivering effective business-focused solutions and support. Work Experience Infrastructure Manager Driven Solutions August 2015 to Present • Manage IT Support teams that provide 24/7 assistance across multiple call center locations  • Manage, configure, & maintain network equipment, making recommendations for expansion development projects, as necessary.  • Monitor & maintain physical servers, VMs, ESX hosts, UPS, other systems to ensure stability and performance expectations are met.  • Provide disaster recovery/incident response to global outages.  • Plan & execute scheduled maintenance windows ( security patches, firmware upgrades, etc) with respect to business impact.  • Manage environment monitoring tools: Lansweeper, Splunk, Solarwinds, Nessus, & environment monitoring systems for IDF/DC.  • Manage SSL certificates for internal and external facing sites.  • Develop and manage IT budget and invoicing.  • Provide mentoring, training, and coaching for support teams.  • Technical resource to IT and Executive teams.  • Oversee all security access controls within the organization.  • PCI Internal Security Auditor. Initiate remote penetration testing to ensure compliance. Systems Administrator Sheplers Western Wear August 2011 to August 2015 • Configure & manage Cisco ASA, routers, switches, & IP phones.  • Maintain scheduled backups for all production servers.  • Monitor servers and internal processes to ensure PCI compliance.  • Systems administration and maintenance of Exchange, Active Directory, print servers, etc.  • Identity & Access Management for all corporate systems and assets, as well as provide system level support for company applications.  • Provide technical support for local users and remote retail locations, as needed. IT Security Analyst PepsiCo March 2008 to August 2011 • Administration of Identity and Access Management for hardware, operating systems, and application software on a global scale.  • Initiate and review quarterly security audits to manage user access and data.  • Create, modify, and disable employee access in all organizational environments, as required.  • Ensure adherence to SOX and Information Security guidelines in order to mitigate and minimize corporate risk.  • Provide support for Active Directory, Oracle, Identity Management, LDAP, SSO, Exchange, and other legacy environments.  • Management of escalated issues to maintain SLA for PepsiCo's Information Security Group.  • Facilitate training classes for international and domestic helpdesk associates. Infrastructure Support Analyst PepsiCo March 2007 to March 2008 • Address access, authentication, and synchronization issues with Exchange, Active Directory, LDAP, Identity Management, and other SSO environments.  • Isolate and resolve OS related issues including profile corruptions, GPO sync issues, registry modifications, virus/malware removals, and OS reloads in a mixed Windows and Mac environment.  • Resolve network connectivity issues involving VPN, wireless, network printing, & hardware failures.  • Facilitate training and on-boarding for new helpdesk personnel. Skills Cisco, Vmware, Data Center