IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Proven Success in Systems Optimization and Strategic IT Security Solutions Atlanta, GA I am an experienced Forensic Analyst, C/Perl script writer, and Network Engineer currently working my Master’s degree at Florida institute of Technology. I transitioned into cyber security with over 10 years of experience at the United State Air Force DOD, CDC and FEMA including Reverse Engineering, DSP, Red hat Linux systems and RF systems.    My cyber expertise spans File system, Windows, Memory and Network Forensics, Signals Analysis, Log Analysis, Malware Analysis, Digital Communications, Technical Writing & Presentation, Red Hat/Ubuntu Linux, Perl/Bash/Python/C/PowerShell programming, Reverse Engineering, and RF systems. I have used Encase, FTK, VMware, Virtual Box, Volatility, Wire shark, net cat, tcpdump, nmap, Ollydbg, Idapro, WinHex, WRR, Splunk.    Accomplished systems administrator with 6 years of experience managing server infrastructures and data-center operations across multiple platforms (Unix, Linux, Windows). Effectively plan, install, configure and optimize the IT infrastructure to consistently achieve high availability and performance.    Proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. Skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter comfortable managing systems, projects and teams in a range of IT environments.    EDUCATION  •MS Information Technology Cyber Security Florida Institute of Technology | 2018  •B.B.A., Computer Information Systems (CIS) -Jackson State University: Jackson, MS | 2011  • Security + CompTia Certification   • Cisco Certified Networking Associate, (CCNA)   • Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)     TECHNICAL SKILLS  System Administration  LAN/LAN/NOC Administration  Project Management  Technical Support  Systems Installation  Configuration & Upgrading  Security Solutions   Database Design &Management  NOS Patches & Updates  Training & Mentoring  Cyber Security  Noc environment Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist FEMA - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to Present Full-time Currently working DR4337 Disaster Relief Operations as an IT Specialist in Fort Myers.   • deployed to the Puerto Rico warehouse as an IT Manager and I have also received my Elevated Privileges (EP) account which allows restricted rights behind the FEMA Firewall to resolve IT issues.   • Worked DR4337 Disaster Relief Operations as an IT Specialist in Orlando.   • During this disaster I worked closely with office staff and end users to maintain operations and resolve problems as they relate to system, hardware, and software utilized in the assigned organization.   • Use proficiency with computers and software tools to troubleshoot issues related to Windows 7 and Widows 10 Operating System and Microsoft Office Suite.   • Assist in a developmental capacity performing assignments designed to provide day-to-day support for the organization in the use of automated equipment and applications.   • Participate in computer moves, packing equipment, installing workstation software, re-imaging computers, and wiping hard drives.   • Maintain procedures to protect the integrity and confidentiality of systems, networks, and data for the assigned organization  • Configure, troubleshoot, and maintain Cisco switches and routers using Remedy ticketing system terminate fiber and copper cable Cat5 Cable  In this position, I will serve as a Information Technology Specialist with responsibility for one or more operating systems functions, analyzing systems requirements, monitoring performance, and evaluating new systems engineering technologies. Typical assignments include:  Analyzing systems requirements in response to business requirements, risks, and costs. Evaluating, selecting, verifying, and validating systems software environment. Monitoring and fine tuning performance of systems environment.  Designing, coordinating, and implementing systems technology projects. Evaluating new systems engineering technologies and their effect on operating environment.  Maintaining technical proficiency by attending expositions and meetings, reviewing computer literature, and training.  Identifying and anticipating operating systems performance, availability, capacity, or configuration problems. Initiating corrective or preventive actions to improve performance.  Reallocating resources as available, optimizing systems performance, and recommending virtualization/additional components to improve systems performance.  Analyzing, evaluating, and resolving malfunctions by adjusting equipment configurations, recommending acquisitions, distinguishing between equipment and operation low voltage supplies (e.g. basic field tech hand tools, Cat5 cable, cable tester, punch down tool FEMA supplied ToolBox for troubleshooting networks and installation, troubleshooting, repairing and/or replacing of the low-voltage cabling and peripheral devices, and networked wireless printers Knowledge of hard-wired and wireless devices: Routers, Switches, Firewall Cyber Security Analyst United States Air Force Homestead, FL - Homestead, FL March 2016 to September 2016 Maintain systems, policies, and procedures, to protect clients, data/voice systems and databases from unauthorized activity.   • Audit and identity potential threats and manage resolution of security violations.   • Deploy hardware and software tools to ensure protection of data and federal IT portfolio   Created programs to help automate checks for standard technical implementation guides (STIGs) of U.S. computer systems.   • Created Remote Management Framework report format by coding in VBA Excel macros.   • Documented tests and steps to help those with little technical backgrounds perform these checks. IT Security Analyst CDC Center of Diseases Control - Atlanta, GA June 2014 to March 2016 IT Security Analyst  • Maintains security systems and administers security policies to control access to systems.  • Provides status reports on security matters to develop security risk analysis scenarios and response procedures  • Review certification and accreditation (C&A) documentation for the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to ensure information systems meet minimum requirements.   • Knowledge of security technologies encryption, data protection, design, privilege access, network design and engineering  • Assisted subject matter experts with response to problem with ICE, IMPACII incidents vendor issues and change or create tickets.  • Effectively escalate issues and coordinate support while adding vendors to UFMS Systems Administrator ACCU COMM - Jackson - Jackson, MS September 2009 to February 2014 • Evaluated and reconfigured company's Unix/Linux/Oracle setup, including reallocating SAN disk space to engineer a robust, scalable solution.  • Improved system security through setup and ongoing maintenance of NetScreen- Security Manager. Delivered a cohesive solution managing Juniper firewalls and containing all IDP software.  • Researched, recommended and implemented network enhancements that improved system reliability and performance.  • Revamped NetBackup schedule and upgraded 15 Oracle servers. Optimized system availability (averaging 99.9% uptime) and equipped company with scalable systems to support fast business growth. vTrained employees across multiple departments on network operations including log-in procedures, network management software, permissions, printing issues, security and use of software.  ACCU COMM - Jackson, Ms, 2009 to 2014  System Administrator / Technology Team Lead / Project Manager    Consulted with client companies to provide Web-based and network solutions along with strategic planning and project leadership over systems migration, configuration, administration, upgrades and troubleshooting initiatives.  Key Contributions:  • Directed the implementation and performance tuning of Windows 2003 Server environment for client's global operations. Delivered a major improvement over old VPN system that catapulted productivity of remote sales force.  • Led in-house and consultant team in large-scale Linux server upgrade for multinational consulting firm, which significantly enhanced system performance.  • Resolved a history of problematic network failure by troubleshooting LAN/WAN connections between multiple stores for a regional retail chain.  • Drove a 25% decrease in Web site downtime by migrating RaQ4 server sites and online stores to Linux server. Corrected server configuration problems, wrote scripts to ensure smooth server/reboot functioning, and assisted with a variety of Linux-based inquiries and concerns.  • Replaced major manufacturer's vulnerable network with robust security through joint architecture of firewall and DHCP.  • Stabilized, expanded and protected client network and PC environment. Built new file servers to maximize Web hosting, terminal server, file/print sharing and domain control performance.  Additional IT Experience    Excelled in early IT career, advancing through increasingly responsible roles including: Experience/administration of Oracle Identity and Access Management suite OIM, OAM, OAAM Computer System Operator United States Air Force National Guard - Houston, TX October 2002 to July 2007 • Ensured incident resolution by executing Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) or escalating to the System’s technical support and problem management teams.  • Performed system monitoring and level 1 triage of incidents/problems based on SOP which include escalation to subject matter experts where appropriate  • Knowledge and experience with VLANs, Spanning-Tree, LACP, VRRP, Multi-Chassis Trunking  • Knowledge of information security techniques, requirements, methods, sources, and procedures, including skill in applying IT   • security principles , concepts, methods, standards and practices to organizational information systems.  • Ability to evaluate security and privacy controls provided for the protection of systems, infrastructure, and associated information interests.   • Knowledge of project management principles, methods and practices and present project briefings to senior management officials.   • Assisted subject matter experts with response to problem, incident and change tickets. Traffic Manager USAF - Randolph AFB, TX April 1995 to October 2002 Responsibilities  • Performed and managed traffic management activities. Using military and commercial transportation to move personnel, eligible dependents, material, and property.  • Planed and organized traffic management activities. Received and packages items for shipment or storage.  • Arranged shipment and storage of personal property. I made cost comparisons between various modes of transportation, and between government and commercial storage facilities.  • Maintained and issues transportation documents. Prepared passenger related travel documents. Processed pay adjustment vouchers for cost charge travel, and issued service and purchase orders.  • Establishes and maintains personal property case files, rate printouts, basic agreements, and carrier tenders of service, accountable document registers, and military or carrier tariffs for household goods movements.  • Monitored equipment availability, service to required destinations under current operating rights, shipping status, condition of household goods packing, and local drayage contracts. Education MS in Information Technology Cyber Security Florida Institute of Technology - Florida 2016 to 2016 AA in Network Specialist Atlanta Technical College - Atlanta, GA 2014 to 2015 BA in Business Administration Computer Information Systems Jackson State University - Jackson, MS 2007 to 2011 Skills Hadoop, Jenkins, Puppet, Chef, Project Management, Linux,Cyber SecurityDatabase Design &Management (7 years), Help Desk, Information Technology, Desktop Support, Secret Clearance, Network Support, Comptia, Computer Repair, It Specialist, Cisco, PL SQL, Army Military Service Branch: U.S. Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: SSGT April 1995 to October 2002 Computer systems Certifications/Licenses IT Security December 2019 CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) December 2015 to December 2018 Linux+ December 2019