Business Developer Business Developer Cyber Security Analyst Hudsonville, MI Strategic and highly analytical information technology professional, offering hands-on experience in network and information security, troubleshooting, and disaster recovery. Armed with proven expertise in securing computer systems, networks, and data. Skilled at implementing and upgrading security measures and controls; identifying new technologies; and providing recommendations on security enhancements and purchases. Knowledgeable of process optimization, penetration testing, risk assessment, and framework establishment. Bilingual in English and Vietnamese. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Developer Omni Connection - Hudsonville, MI July 2016 to December 2018 Served as a liaison among customer for new automotive programs coming into Omni  ? Resolved business solutions by re-engineering blue print for customer's production issues  ? Cultivated positive customer relationships to improve the quality and efficiency of product IT Security Analyst Johnson Controls - Holland, MI December 2015 to July 2016 Proficiently utilized Qualys for vulnerability management, executive reporting and enterprise risk management  ? Setup and analyzed network scanning on firewalls, servers and IP address for vulnerabilities  ? Coordinated with plant IT staff to train and resolve production IT security issues SAP Governance, Risk & Compliance IT Analyst Johnson Controls - Holland, MI May 2015 to December 2015 Implemented SAP GRC 10.1 for Firefighter ID user provisioning, super user access, and control access  ? Generated user reports for Fire Fighter IDs using SAP GRC  ? Managed SAP licensing using SAP Flexera SAP IT Analyst Johnson Controls - Holland, MI April 2014 to May 2015 Functioned as SAP disaster recovery coordinator, responsible for the creation and maintenance of SAP disaster recovery plans over 40 SAP systems  ? Efficiently handled and resolved disaster recovery rehearsal on annual basis  ? Assisted with the internal control self-assessments to ensure proper identification, evaluation, implementation, and communication to appropriate level of audit controls IT Service Desk Analyst Johnson Controls - Holland, MI March 2011 to April 2014 Assisted the Network Security Team with network/application system administration, internal Sarbanes Oxley audit, and financial system account provisioning and de-provisioning  ? Provided access to network folders, VPN, local drives, LDAP, software installments, company portals, Citrix, GLIMS, Microsoft office, Integrated Forecast, Kronos and many other applications using active directory GPO's  ? Assisted the Information Security Team with applications server vulnerability patching, penetration testing, and ISO 27001 standards and frameworks execution    Career Highlight:  ? Created a statistic call reporting tool and established a knowledge base server for frequently asked questions (FAQ) article entries, thus improving quality and efficiency of the Help Desk Service Team by 25% Cryptography Manager United States Marine Corps - Okinawa, JP 2004 to 2008 Trained Marines in the operation of RF, EHF, SHF, UHF, and VHF Satellite for voice and data communications  ? Functioned as site chief for field operations to manage, set up, maintain, and secure satellite transmissions on NIPR/SIPR net  ? Oversee secret level cryptography data and hardware Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Information Systems ITT Technical Institute - Canton, MI 2012 Associate of Applied Science in Computer Network Systems in English and Vietnamese ITT Technical Institute - Wyoming, MI 2011 Additional Information Strategic and highly analytical information technology professional, offering hands-on experience in network and information security, troubleshooting, and disaster recovery. Armed with proven expertise in securing computer systems, networks, and data. Skilled at implementing and upgrading security measures and controls; identifying new technologies; and providing recommendations on security enhancements and purchases. Knowledgeable of process optimization, penetration testing, risk assessment, and framework establishment. Bilingual in English and Vietnamese. Areas of expertise include:    Network Administration Technical Support Vulnerability Management  Systems Integration Server Management Malware Analysis