Sr. IT Security Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Analyst - UTHealth Science Center Richmond, TX Work Experience Sr. IT Security Analyst UTHealth Science Center November 2018 to Present • Maintained support for enterprise applications and integrated systems.  • Conducted risk and security assessments, disaster recovery planning and testing on applications and critical systems.  • Participate in weekly CAB call with upper management BRM's, IT Systems group, IT Security, VP's which potentially impacted security changes, data integrity, and interfaces on critical and integrated systems.  • Prepare formal IT risk assessment remediation and security audit reports of critical findings to be distributed to executive management, business owners, and vendors.  • Maintained risk assessments and controls for system upgrades, new implementations on applications and integrated systems.  • Support, develop and maintain IT security awareness and end user training programs.  • Perform security scans on critical systems for vulnerabilities.  • Identify and develop Control Self Assessments for IT systems and processes  • Maintained Vendor Risk Monitoring Tool on going for new and existing risk assessments, business sponsors, and third party vendors.  • Provide recommendation, analysis, and information security best practices on several technologies and processes.  • Interacted effectively with Information Security management, corporate managers, department managers, and served as consultant to the Information security organization. Sr. IT Security and Controls Analyst XTO Energy February 2018 to September 2018 • Worked closely with the business to make sure that the business needs and IT Security framework aligns.  • Validate and process workflows relating to IT General Controls.  • Maintain compliance and control processes to improve assessment processes.  • Document and develop system incident response and recovery standards.  • Participate as an Incident Response team member and insure the team follows the security strategy, policies and procedures to properly respond to an information security incident.  • Identify and monitor daily alerts and system review information for notification and tracking purposes using Splunk.  • Identify and develop Control Self Assessments for IT systems and processes.  • Validate procedures and controls to ensure compliance in IT systems and processes. Including but not limited to system access and patch management.  • Coordinated with IT security members on severity, business impact and resolution efforts assessments.  • Maintained risk assessments and controls for system upgrades and new implementations on various business units.  • Developed remediation reports and guidance for various levels of IT security and business operations staff.  • Work with Internal Audit and Enterprise Risk Management to track and remediate new and outstanding security-related issues.  • Initiates and participates in periodic IT security audits, test controls, and prepare reports.  • Performed and maintain IT Audit's on various business units.  • Maintained and Updated ITGC's.  • Maintained SOX, Disaster Recovery planning, and Business Continuity reviews quarterly  • Maintained SOX reviews yearly for Internal Auditor's and External Auditor's.  • Report SOX, ITGC's, IT Audit, and Control findings with upper management, and Stakeholders. Sr. IT Security Analyst II CB&I September 2014 to September 2017 Sr. IT Compliance Analyst  • Managed installation, configuration, upgrades, and troubleshooting of the ERP systems/ servers (Windows, Linux, and AS400) infrastructure including: databases, user applications, hardware and software.  • Prepared and Review documentation/reports for Internal/External SOX and IT audits.  • Managed application and integrated systems, program change management controls, maintained support for enterprise application and integrated systems, processed output controls related to Internal / External Audits.  • Prepare IT audit programs that identify IT risks, IT controls, and IT audit procedures that is utilized company wide.  • Prepare formal Information security audit reports of critical findings to be distributed to executive management and penetration testing security controls.  • Developed interfaces for internal and external vendors.  • Developed and maintained an IT security awareness and end user training program.  • Recognize identifiable business and system Information security risks and make recommendations for addressing them.  • Interacted effectively with Information security management, corporate managers, department managers, and served as primary liaison to the Information security organization.  • Review the Information security controls periodically and, when necessary, update the security controls.  • Participate in weekly CAB call with upper management BRM's, Information security systems group, Information security, App owners, VP's which potentially impacted security changes, data integrity, and interfaces on (Windows, Unix, VMware & Identity) systems.  • Maintain support for work instructions, GPO's, security policies, documentations, certifications, data integrity and operational support manuals on IAM tool/application.  • Review the adequacy of the security controls and their ability to protect the information system.  • Determine if the security plan correctly identifies the potential risk to organizational operations, assets, individuals, other organizations, and recommend changes to the plan if it is insufficient information.  • Managed AS400 data storage, security setup, menu tasks, user accounts, objects, change management upgrades and tickets.  • Managed UAT, application entitlements, role setup, collections, reports, document review, and configuration changes on IAM tool.  • Manage the onboarding, off boarding ticketing, SQL/Queries, training end-users, upper management application on IAM software, utilities, and hardware (Aveksa).  • Coordinate with RSA with configuration changes, custom fixes, and data integrity reporting changes on IAM (Aveksa- Identity man agent tool).  • Trouble Shooting Proxy's, Web application, Security Scans and Firewalls, check vulnerabilities for Malware, Phishing emails, and Ransomware.  • Managed / Perform IT Compliance and Information security risks processes with upper Management, App owners, Systems Team, and Internal Audit.  • Maintained IT compliance with Information security GPO, standards, and procedures.  • Managed ITGC's for SOX systems / servers and applications.  • Managed and perform Information security risk assessments companywide for all related IT applications. Sr. Accountant ASTRO WASTE, INC December 2013 to September 2014 • Reconciled major accounts nationwide  • Create Journal Entries  • Prepare Forecasting and Budget  • File monthly sales & use tax returns; Reconcile tax liability accounts  • Reconcile bank accounts and credit cards  • Process vendor payments, employee payroll and billing company wide  • Conduct month-end close  • Maintain ERP system application (Route Manager & Peachtree); Created new Tax area's and Tax codes in system  • Prepare and Review invoices/documentation for Tax Audit's Sr. System Analyst PRIDE INTERNATIONAL December 2005 to March 2013 • Provided JD Edwards E1, Windows, SAP, and PeopleSoft Financials functional support to users  • Provided technical support for the Enterprise Data Warehouse and custom applications that support the corporate departments such as HR, SPRM, Legal, GL, Payroll, AP and other business units  • Supported, configuration and maintenance for the IAM infrastructure on, IDM, SSO, LDAP, and IAM.  • Conducted UAT on E1 and PeopleSoft Financials  • Exploration & Production Upstream GIS applications and data management as well as data integrity support  • Managed installation, configuration, upgrades, and troubleshooting of the ERP systems/servers infrastructure including: databases, user applications, and hardware  • Coordinated activities between end users, operations and vendors to help implement, promote, and support a standardized approach to ERP systems/servers, GIS and spatial data management  • Assisted in the planning, design, development, quality review, and deployment of new applications and enhancements to applications as requested  • Organized training and implementation of JDE, PeopleSoft, and Oracle Financials  • Supported JD Edwards E1, SAP, and PeopleSoft Financials  • Helped develop application user and administrator procedures as well as user manuals  • Maintained detailed application and interface documentation, and exchanged data for interfacing application and integrated systems  • Worked with the business users, database administrators to integrate the geo spatial databases into the corporate geo and business data warehouses  • Liaison between internal and external development resources to ensure smooth execution for implementation of PeopleSoft and JD Edwards upgrades  • Process SQL's to correct issues within JD Edwards or PeopleSoft  • Entered new account codes and new business units to be used by end-users  • Conducted weekly meetings with managers and executives to discuss process improvements, system enhancements, budgeting, and implementation projects  • Worked closely with developers and a variety of end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction  • Supported upper management, and end users on Hyperion  • Organized training for end-users on running, importing, and exporting of Hyperion application Sr. Accountant THE MEN'SWEARHOUSE April 1998 to December 2005 • Prepared journal entries and reconciled accounts daily  • Prepared budgeting and financial reports to be presented to upper management  • Conducted weekly meetings with upper management to go over budgeting and forecasting  • Prepared sales and used tax returns for over 43 states on a weekly basis  • Entered budget, journal entries, and prepared reconciliations for month-end close  • Filed monthly sales & use tax returns in 43 States as well as local jurisdiction filings  • Reconciled sales tax liability accounts monthly  • Review purchase invoices for taxability  • Audit the use tax accrual system to verify that controls are in place Education Bachelors of Business Administration in Finance in Finance Texas Southern University - Houston, TX Associates of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Houston Community College - Houston, TX Skills Oracle, Sql, Jd edwards, Peoplesoft, Sap, Nist, Qualys, Sharepoint, Linux, Tivoli, As400, Esri, Excel Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • PeopleSoft • SAP • Oracle  • JD Edwards Enterprise One • AS400 • SQL  • Excel (Advanced) • ESRI • SharePoint  • Proofpoint • Blue Coat • Cylance  • Qualys  • NIST    • Tivoli  • Linux    • Aveksa (IAM tool)  • Windows OS