Advisor, IT Security (remote) Advisor, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> (remote) CISSP Certified Network Security Professional Pahrump, NV Detail-oriented and collaborative professional with 20+ years of diverse experience in all aspects of IT, with particular expertise in firewall engineering    Well versed in the use of management and support tools including CheckPoint MDS (R77.30, R80), Juniper NSM and Space, FortiMgr, TippingPoint SMS, and Remedy tracking system    Extensive background in enterprise-wide network support and engineer-level maintenance of edge security devices including Juniper, CheckPoint, FortiNet firewalls, and TippingPoint IDS/IPS    Effectively communicate with customers, third-party vendors, and internal developers to ensure business needs are met in a timely manner    Tenacious in testing networks and protected systems to evaluate security posture    Additional strengths:  ? Technical documentation ? Intrusion detection and prevention  ? Network administration ? Compliance auditing  ? Disaster recovery ? Service delivery  ? Hardware and software upgrades ? Troubleshooting and break/fix support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Advisor, IT Security (remote) SECUREWORKS - Atlanta, GA July 2016 to January 2019 Provided tier 2/3 maintenance and participated in the operations of the clients' firewall and network security infrastructure. Primary focus was on Juniper, CheckPoint, and FortiNet firewalls and TippingPoint IDS/IPS.    • Performed hardware and software upgrades and configuration changes.  • Utilized content filtering and vulnerability assessment tools in order to confirm, determine,  and/or troubleshoot network and system security issues.  • Responded to Tier 1 escalations; assisted in troubleshooting and incident isolation, served as liaison for vendor support issues, and performed device return materials authorization (RMAs).  • Mentored junior engineers. Senior Network Security Analyst (remote) SECUREWORKS 2013 to 2016 Provided daily maintenance as part of a dedicated team supporting firewalls and edge security infrastructure.  Primarily worked on CheckPoint, Juniper, and FortiNet; and TippingPoint IDS/IPS firewall products.  • Assisted in troubleshooting network and system security issues.  • Developed and applied specialized knowledge in support of CheckPoint, Juniper, and FortiNet  firewalls and management systems, with primary focus on problem isolation and service restoral. Senior Network Security Analyst NCR Corp. - Columbia, SC August 2008 to October 2013 Provided network and security support to customers hosted through the Beltsville data center.  • Administered the CheckPoint and Juniper firewall platforms; supported network security appliances and components at all levels of the OSI.  • Supported multi-vendor layer 2 and 3 network switches (Brocade/Foundry, HP, and Cisco) including moves, adds, and changes for NCR Cloud Services Group.  • Administered and performed yearly audits for multiple tenants to ensure PCI-DSS compliance of Juniper SSL VPN and Active Directory server for remote user access.  • Documented the cloud services network, providing in-depth Visio diagrams, Excel inventory spreadsheets, and Word policy documents. Senior Network Analyst NCR Corp. - Columbia, SC October 2005 to August 2008 Provided Tier 2 support within a multi-vendor equipment environment that monitored and maintained heterogeneous wide-area networks located across the U.S. and Canada, with some remote locations in Mexico and South America.  • Supported Expand accelerator units used to create the support DMZ. Consistently met 98.99% up time SLA.  • Participated in the restructuring of connectivity for NSMC which improved access to its global customers.  • Supported customer networks using HP Openview and Cisco Discovery Protocol and provided detail network diagrams and performance reports to assigned customers.  • Designed, built, and developed all required documentation for the NSMC training lab which consisted of Cisco routers and switches, Pix firewalls, Paradyne CSU/DSU, and multivendor hubs and patch panels.    Earlier career experience as IT Systems Manager, Field Engineer, and Retail Loss Prevention Specialist (Please reference my LinkedIn account for more details.) Education High school or equivalent Skills Cisco, Security, firewalls, DNS, Cisco, Security, DNS, LAN, VPN, Networking Links https://linkedin.com/in/tonycromer Certifications/Licenses JNCIS-SEC February 2019 to March 2022 Juniper Networks Certified Specialist- Security (JNCIS-SEC) is designed for experienced networking professionals with intermediate knowledge of the Juniper Networks Junos OS for SRX Series devices, the exam verifies the candidate’s understanding of security technologies and related platform configuration and troubleshooting skills. CISSP June 2019 to July 2022 Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) validates an information security professional’s deep technical and managerial knowledge and experience to effectively design, engineer, and manage the overall security posture of an organization. The broad spectrum of topics included in the CISSP Common Body of Knowledge (CBK) ensure its relevancy across all disciplines in the field of information security.    Successful candidates are competent in the following 8 domains:  • Security and Risk Management  • Asset Security  • Security Architecture and Engineering  • Communication and Network Security  • Identity and Access Management (IAM)  • Security Assessment and Testing  • Security Operations  • Software Development Security    https://www.isc2.org/MemberVerification (Cert ID: 384502) JNCIA-Junos February 2016 to February 2022 Juniper Networks Certified Associate, Junos (JNCIA-Junos) is the first certification within the Juniper Networks certification program. All training from Juniper relies on the JNCIA-Junos level certification and a good working knowledge of Junos. By acquiring the JNCIA-Junos certification, engineers are then able to specialise in a chosen discipline where JNCIS, JNCIP and JNCIE level certifications can be attained. Assessments Technical Support Skills — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vgtg6rur9derqd94 Critical Thinking Skills — Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to use logical approaches when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/p967tmolexyupqvs Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Military Experience: Data Systems Tech 2nd Class (Acting 1st Class)  • Good Conduct Medal  • Sea Service Ribbon with Bronze Star  • Navy Expedition Medal  • Honorable Discharge (2)