Senior Compliance Analyst Senior Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Compliance Analyst - PFS Web McKinney, TX IT professional with the ability to multi-task, recognize trends, and identify systematic approaches to solving problems in this fast-moving, dynamic environment. I am seeking more than just a job but a continuation of a career with a company that trains and promotes internally within the business services industry. Work Experience Senior Compliance Analyst PFS Web - Allen, TX July 2015 to Present • Monitor daily, weekly and monthly audit requirements to ensure effectiveness of controls.  • Participate in multiple projects relating to risk assessments, financial audits, end user security awareness training and ongoing corporate level audits.  • Execute and maintain the framework for compliance with SOX, PCI-DSS, SOC 1, NIST 800-53, FedRAMP, GDPR.  • Maintain central repository of documentation and evidence of process outputs related to IT policies and procedures. Review policies, procedures, and evidence for completeness and accuracy.  • Partner with IT Operations users to compile audit requests, including requests regarding Windows security, network security and topology and all other logical security for separation of duties and other required controls.  • Proactively conduct research on new laws, regulations and compliance best practices and standards in order to provide guidance to management and staff on regulatory requirements, audit concerns and process improvements. IT Security/Compliance Analyst T-MOBILE - Frisco, TX May 2012 to July 2015 • Responsible for preparing and maintaining all SOX/Change Management documentation for all user company applications (Entitlement Reviews)  • IT Audit Support/Regulatory Compliance (SOX, CPNI, PCI DSS) and general IT compliance activities.  • Have strong knowledge of information security compliance and have conducted internal security compliance assessments (SSAE 16) and change monitoring.  • Work closely with corporate customers, internal/external Audit, business units and the IT department to evaluate and provide solutions that address information security.  • Evaluate and recommend controls for technologies to address areas such as infrastructure, security administration, user identification and authentication, access to data, monitoring and reporting.  • Ensure established key security controls are communicated, understood, implemented, and tested as appropriate.  • Perform security reviews, evaluations, risk assessments, and reporting on a regular basis to ensure security exceptions and violations are identified and addressed in a timely manner.  • Incident and Problem Management  • Use Power Shell, Scripts, Batch Jobs to obtain data extracts, reports and process changes from applications and active directory.  • Use Technical Writing in the creation of Service Desk training materials, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's), Office SharePoint updates and maintenance, Project Documents, email communication, announcements and Remedy and Internal Self Service Portal templates IT Analyst AT&T - Plano, TX November 2007 to May 2012 • Analyze and audit the billing using trend analysis to find and eliminate hidden and inaccurate costs.  • Reconcile GL accounts monthly to ensure SOX compliance and as required by GAAP standards, accruals with accuracy at the detailed invoice level for final review, acceptation and approval  • Track all cost saving and ensuring credits and inaccurate billing is resolved in a reasonable timeframe  • Prepare and provide input for the monthly Carrier Review Analysis which is a tracking tool used by the Telecom Manager to validate the accruals and explain and understand carrier month trending variances  • Establish and maintain relationships with internal customers such as other billing analysts, Business Management, Provisioning, Customer Care, Sales, Marketing, IT, Legal, Network, Supply Chain, HR, Accounting, AP, Internal Audit and related management.  • Operational/GL Accounting Clerical Associate AT&T - Carrollton, TX July 2006 to October 2007 Collections Representative AT&T - Carrollton, TX February 2005 to June 2006 Education Bachelor of Science in Business Information Systems Strayer University - Plano, TX March 2011 Associates of Applied Science in Electronic Engineering Technology ITT Technical Institute - Richardson, TX June 2001