System Test Engineer System Test Engineer System Test Engineer - Global Connect Egg Harbor Township, NJ • System Test Engineer with 3 years of experience in both automated and manual  testing.  • Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal communication skills and strong analytical,  problem solving, decision-making skills. Work Experience System Test Engineer Global Connect - Mays Landing, NJ February 2012 to Present Perform system and functional level testing of GC1 Peak Dialer, GC1 Voice Messaging and GC1 Notify software developed by Global Connect.  • Interacted with Business Analysts and Software Developers on daily basis for bug  reviews and participated in daily QA meetings.  • Follow Software development Life Cycle (SDLC) for every software release.  • Perform GUI based Software testing and report any discrepancy to software  development team.  • Perform Quality Control and Verification & Validation (V&V) on newly available  software version.  • Review Customer Requirements and provide feedback to the engineering team.  • Developed Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Procedures based on requirement provided by System Engineer.  • Organize test plan/test case review meetings with engineering team for official  approval.  • Performance (volume) testing, load/stress testing and regression testing for every  release of the software.  • Proactively came up with methods to improve software quality.  • Documented and communed test results using FogBugz bug tracking system.  • Execute test cases and verify actual results with expected results.  • Work closely with Operations during the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) by ensuring  full test coverage of the assigned test cases.  • Work independently as well as member of a team, and communicated with internal and external users.  • Provide demonstration of product to the sales and potential customers.  • Certify software before release in to production. IT Security Analyst/Tech Lead TISTA Science and Technology Corporation - Rockville, MD May 2011 to January 2012 Provided technical support for IRS PKI Initiative under the IdAM PMO project, also  researched and wrote technical security documents.  • Reviewed and provided comments on policies IRM 10.8.52, NIST 800-63, FPKI CITE, and  FIPS-140.  • Researched PKI impact on HSPD-12, Internal Identity & Access Management (IIAM),  eAuthentication and Secured Registration Based Email (SRBE).  • Provided support to the business and IT staff for security related issues.  • Planned and developed Certificate Practice Statement and Transition Plan for PKI.  • Supported the Project Manager with the preparation of weekly status reports, Issue logs, and meeting minutes for the project.  • Implemented security projects in accordance with Corporate Information Security  standards.  • Worked with major CAs: VeriSign, Entrust, IdenTrust, Verizon, Operational Research  Consultants Inc. (ORC), Treasury Operational Certificate Authority (TOCA)/Treasury  External Certificate Authority (TECA).  • Performed gap analysis on COTS Tools software tools across the entire IRS inventory for the Cybersecurity Tool Inventory Project (CTIP).  • Excellent in servicing/deploying computer equipment.  • Deployed more than 100 workstations at various locations.  • Performed data utilization and migration, imaging, application installation, and technologies.  • Managed subordinate technicians including escalating and resolving issues as they arise.  • Excellent in Windows troubleshooting. Education B.S. in Computer Science Richard Stockton College of New Jersey - Pomona, NJ May 2011 Additional Information Technical Skills:  • Platforms: Windows (2000, XP, Vista, 7), Windows Server, Linux  • Languages: Java, Visual Basic, HTML  • Software: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Visio, Visible Analyst, FogBugz  • Networking: TCP/IP, LAN and WAN  • Test Automation: HP Quick Test Pro, Quality Center  • Domain: Cybersecurity, Virtualization  • FTP: WinSCP, FireFTP, Putty  • Softphone: Zoiper, X-Lite