IT Director/ Security Officer <span class="hl">IT</span> Director/<span class="hl">Security</span> Officer Cybersecurity Manager Crete, NE Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Director/ Security Officer Fillmore County Hospital January 2018 to Present • IT Department Manager.  • Project Manager for IT related projects from concept to implementation.  • Security Administrator for 170 employees.  • Development of organized AD policy and consistency of procedures.  • Construct an eight (8) year strategic plan for IT hardware, software, licensing, security, processes, changes/adjustments, and network monitoring.  • Complete a current and project a seven-year budget plan for IT hardware, software, licensing, security, processes, changes/adjustments, and network monitoring.  Cerner experience. Information Security Officer HCA Far West Division July 2017 to December 2017 • Lead, drive and implement (where appropriate) IS activities in the facility.  • IS Account Management  • IS Project Execution  • Issues Tracking and Resolution  • IS Risk Management  • IS Vendor Systems Security  • IS Communication  • Represent Facility IS Needs to Division  • Meditech experience Director of Information Technology/ Security Administrator Sidney Regional Medical Center March 2015 to May 2017 • IT Department Manager.  • Supervisor of eight (8) IT staff members of varying experience and capabilities.  • Project Manager for IT related projects from concept to implementation.  • Managed the relocation of SRMC to a new $54 million facility, including implementing new IT technology and establishing new IT policies and procedures.  • Security Administrator for 400 employees.  • Development of organized AD policy and consistency of procedures.  • Construct an eight (8) year strategic plan for IT hardware, software, licensing, security, processes, changes/adjustments, and network monitoring.  • Complete a current and project a seven year budget plan for IT hardware, software, licensing, security, processes, changes/adjustments, and network monitoring.  • Rewrote all IT related policies and procedures to accommodate the new facility, disaster recovery, new users, and new cyber-related threats.  • Works with Practice Partner, CPSI/Evident, and Cerner medical record software. IT Administrator Universal Cold Storage, LLC October 2013 to February 2015 • Manager and Architect of New IT department.  • Project Manager for all IT related projects.  • Research of IT hardware and software.  • Wrote all IT policies and procedures.  • Security Administrator for employee access.  • Manager of Active Directory Groups and Group Policy.  • Policy developer for newly-created IT department and for acceptable use.  • Network Administrator/Server Administrator. IT Systems Support Analyst State of Nebraska March 2009 to October 2013 • Sole IT person responsible for the Lincoln Regional Center campus in Lincoln, Nebraska.  • Network consisting of 500 employees, over 300 nodes, dozens of specialized programs.  • Security Administrator responsible for IT security for every employee. Manager of hundreds of Active  • Directory groups.  • Advanced Dell certified hardware technician responsibility for workstation maintenance and repair,  • image delivery, printer maintenance and repair, hardware replacement cycles, software delivery, and network connectivity. Owner Nebraska PC November 2002 to December 2010 • Owner and Operator of a small IT firm.  • Assisted small to medium sized businesses in all IT related issues, including networking, workstations, servers, printers, etc.  • Assisted residential customers in home IT situations, including hardware, software and networking issues.  • Repaired hundreds of notebook and desktop computers for both business and residential customers.  • Supervised several temporary interns. Education High School Diploma Southeast Community College - Sidney, NE BS in IT Operations Management Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (1 year), CISCO, DFS, NETWORKING (8 years), VCP (4 years) Certifications/Licenses VMWare VCP6 December 2016 to December 2018 Additional Information Skills:  Fifteen years of experience communicating IT related topics to all levels of staff  Five years of experience supervising professional staff  Project Management  Windows Server Administration: 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016.  Linux Server Administration  Wired and Wireless Networking equipment: Cisco, Juniper, etc.  Microsoft: Office, Active Directory, DFS  VMWare EXSi Installation and Maintenance, Hyper-V (Certified VCP6)  Data security educational presentations for staff and executives  Advanced level HIPAA compliance knowledge