Sr. IT Auditor Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor Sr. IT Auditor - Virtua Glassboro, NJ Knowledgeable detailed oriented professional offering an extensive IT background. Enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues. Works well in teams to reach goals that benefit the larger organization. Work Experience Sr. IT Auditor Virtua - Marlton, NJ 2015 to Present • Cyber Security and Third Party Vendor Management review  • Epic Application audit and documentation of processes  • Epic contract maintenance audit to ensure contracts are executed properly in Epic  • Audit Information System platforms, operating procedures and internal controls surrounding efficiently, accuracy and security.  • Evaluate IS infrastructure in terms of risk to the organization, establish controls to mitigate loss.  • Document IS processes, application administration, infrastructure and security.  • Analyze data gathered to evaluate effectiveness of controls, determine accuracy of reports and efficiency and security of operations  • Audited of internal application configuration for security, access levels and accuracy  • SQL query configuration and execution  • ACL software application administration. IT Infrastructure Auditor TD Bank - Mount Laurel, NJ 2013 to 2015 • Audited IT infrastructure and configuration of windows network environment including Active Directory.  • Collected and analyzed data to use as part of the audit project  • Remained up to date on IT industry changes and new developments within the business and developed relationships with audit stakeholders  • Enforced SOX and Internal audit controls IT Application Support Analyst II, Security Analyst Kemper Corporation - Plymouth Meeting, PA 2008 to 2012 • Responsible for troubleshooting, configuration and security administration of applications and servers  • Configured and developed FTP solution for file integration.  • Assisted in VMware administration  • Provided training and support for other Analysts  • Code migration in Agile environment  • Change control administration including tracking and communication  • Researched and evaluated hardware and software options for efficiency, cost and requirements  • SharePoint site administration for internal departments Project Analyst, Operations Support Analyst Open Solutions Inc - Cherry Hill, NJ 2004 to 2008 • Project management for small to medium sized projects  • Coordinated project requirements with clients, create proposals and summary plans  • Ensured project objectives and deliverables are completed on time  • Integration management for FTP connectivity and file formatting (PGP, NACHA ACH)  • Tested Software and documented issues to report  • Microsoft Access database creation and configurations for managing client data  • PC support and setup configuration Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Computer Information Systems Rider University - Lawrenceville, NJ 2003