Security Engineer <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Security Engineer - HealthPlan Services Clearwater, FL Work Experience Security Engineer HealthPlan Services - Tampa, FL June 2018 to Present • Incident Response Management: Cyber threat monitoring, detection, analysis, investigation, remediation and management. (IPS/IDS, Splunk Enterprise Security, Tanium EDR, Cisco Umbrella Internet Gateway) Member of the Computer Incident Response Team.    • Vulnerability Management: Management of the scanning, reporting and remediation of vulnerabilities throughout the enterprise (InsightVM/Qualys). Lead the weekly Patch and Vulnerability Group meetings.    • Security Tool Management: Vectra Cognito, Cisco FirePower, Splunk, Tanium, Rapid7 InsightVM, Qualys, Cisco Umbrella, Bitglass MDM, Canary Honeypots, CyberARK    • Compliance: Assist the Compliance team with the production of evidence/reports for various audits (SOC 1, SOC 2, Internal)    • Projects  Managed the implementation and migration from Qualys to Rapid7 InsightVM  Directed the management of Splunk (Engineering and Threat Detection)  Splunk log integration  Migration from McAfee SEIM to Splunk  Ad hoc projects as necessary Information Security Analyst HealthPlan Services - Tampa, FL June 2017 to May 2018 • Cyber threat detection/monitoring/analysis/investigation/management (IPS/IDS)  • SEIM log analysis and management (Splunk and McAfee ESM)  • Member of the Computer Incident response Team  • Intrusion Prevention (IPS) monitoring/management (Cisco FirePower)  • Firewall traffic profiling/shaping (Cisco ASA)  • Vulnerability scanning (Qualys) Security Administrator Endpoint Security and Systems Management (Tanium) - Tampa, FL June 2014 to June 2017 • Access Management for Active Directory, mainframe (RACF), Exchange, directory security, MySQL and other internal applications.  • Departmental Technical Lead  • Assist management with audits and access reviews.  • Extensive report generation. SEIM log analysis. ADManager Plus used for bulk user management and reporting.  • Project work as assigned IT Contractor Robert Half Technology - Tampa, FL June 2013 to May 2014 Various projects including router replacements, desktop replacements, etc. Security Analyst JPMorgan Chase (IT Risk and Security Management) - Brandon, FL September 2012 to June 2013 File Share Remediation Project: Enhanced the file system security (Share/qtree) using Active Directory, ActiveRoles Server, PowerShell scripting, and various internally-made tools Systems Administrator Homebanc NA - Tampa, FL July 2010 to June 2012 • Network Security, Management and Administration of a 100+ user\13-location network throughout the state of Florida.  • Network Security - User Access control (AD) - User setup\permissions, Network Access Control, VPN management  • Policy and Procedures Adherence\compliance  • Protection\Prevention  • Vulnerability scanning/ Patch management  • Data Loss Prevention\PII  • Backup  • IDS/IPS  • Incident Response\Network Monitoring and Management  • Vendor audits - worked with vendor (Saltmarsh) to do whitebox\blackbox scanning in preparation for the yearly OCC IT Audit  • Prepared various reports: Network\Server uptimes, anti-virus, patch status, asset management, etc.  Projects  • During this time, I managed the implementation of the network failover project (various vendors)  • Implemented switch upgrades (Alworx and Cisco 3560)  • Installed new and maintained existing physical and virtual servers (Hyper-V)  • Migrated physical to virtual servers  • NAS implementation (NETGEAR)  • Patch management replacement (GFI LANGuard)  • Desktop refresh to Windows 7 project (various images)  • Corporate anti-virus replacement (Kasperski)  • Oversaw the Active Directory upgrade from 2003 to 2008  • DLP\PII migration from eShield to Postini  • Telephony migration to VOIP (Alworx 48X)  • Implemented Network Access Control (NAC) for LAN security  • Managed the firewall replacement (Fortinet to SonicWall)  • Implemented network monitoring - including Netflow (WhatsUpGold) IT Contractor Robert Half Technology - Tampa, FL October 2008 to June 2010 System Admin & Desktop deployment/replacement project Network Engineer Fowler White Boggs Banker, P.A - Tampa, FL June 2007 to October 2008 • Network and Systems Administration for the 500+ user\7 location Cisco-based LAN/WAN for all assets throughout the firm.  • Installation, maintenance and repairs of all Cisco network equipment, circuits and servers  • Managed all eCopy units throughout the firm. Assisted with video conferencing management  • Created/edited detailed network and product-specific documentation.  Projects  • Cisco PIX to ASA firewall upgrades  • Riverbed WAN acceleration  • Equallogic SAN implementation  • NETGEAR NAS implementation  • Server rebuilds  • Managed and implemented the eCopy upgrade/rollout for all seven offices (22 units)  • Complete rebuild and implementation of the corporate desktop/laptop image throughout the firm  • Implementation of the Asset Management system (Lansweeper)  • A reduction in staffing took place following the firm's split. Practice Technology Support Analyst Carlton Fields, P.A - Tampa, FL June 2005 to March 2007 • Provided Litigation Support for the firm. Supported litigation servers, databases (Summation) and applications to end-users. Created forensic copies of computers for use in litigation. Video capture, editing and production. Setup of all Audio/Visual needs at our location.  • Videographer for various meetings and conferences. Assisted with the setup of the Teleconference system.  • A member of the team responsible for the maintenance of departmental equipment and the creation of case demonstratives.  • Projects: Exchange/Hummingbird DM Migration  • Migrated Exchange mailbox data to Hummingbird Document Management (DM) system. (2) Desktop Deployment  • Deployed replacement desktops/laptops to end users Systems Administrator Infinity Business Systems - Tampa, FL September 2004 to June 2005 • Provided network management and support of various LAN/WAN/MAN environments throughout the Tampa Bay area for small to medium sized businesses.  • Designed, managed, installed and maintained customers' networks.  • Team lead for Pinellas and Manatee counties. Responsible for the clients' overall network security. Installation of wireless networks. (Cisco Aironet) IT Contractor Pro Bono - Seattle, WA September 2003 to September 2004 Tampa FL  Provided network and systems administration assistance at the multi-location facility Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Network Security, Splunk, Cybersecurity, It Security Certifications/Licenses Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) v7 August 2013 to Present Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA) January 2003 to Present Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) November 2005 to November 2008 CompTIA Network+ June 2002 to Present CompTIA A+ February 2002 to Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) October 1999 to Present