IT AUDITOR <span class="hl">IT</span> AUDITOR IT ANALYST Pasadena, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT AUDITOR BELLO MACHRE 2014 to Present 2019  ? Review assigned IT General Controls such as Access control, change management, and Application controls such as Validity checks and Interface checks, and IT Infrastructure.  ? Perform walkthroughs and testing relating to IT General controls (ITGCs) for financially significant ERP systems.  ? Assess and document creation using NIST SP800-53 Rev.2.  ? Responsible for developing and maintaining IT control metrics related to compliance activities.  ? Tested compliance with company policies and procedures to ensure it conforms to industry standards and applications such as ISO and ITIL framework.  ? Performed Quality Assurance (QA) Review over all Sustainment Assessed Controls.  ? Develop, implement, and enforce information systems security policies by ensuring system security requirements are addressed during all phases of the acquisition and SDLC.  ? Ensured audit tasks were completed accurately and within established timeframes using application frameworks such as the FISCAM, FISMA, NIST, COBIT, and COSO.  ? Performed audit tests, compliance tests, and substantive tests, and identified key controls and weak points and mapped them against the COBIT and FISCAM frameworks.  ? Ensure that policies and procedures are in place and adhered to.  ? Evaluate IT infrastructure in terms of risk to the organization and establish controls to mitigate the risk.  ? Prioritize newly identified vulnerabilities based upon severity, potential operation impacts, exploitation, and mitigation strategies.  ? Identify outdated process controls and implement corporate policy to reflect industry best practice.  ? Ensure standardization of change management in line with operational and service level agreement.  ? Monitor the vendor's performance to ensure compliance with the best practices and contract specifications.  ? Monitor the anti-virus status on servers and workstations, security support and ensuring compliance with anti-virus policy.  ? Recommend adequate protection on critical asset.  ? Analyze system logs, firewall logs, intrusion detection logs and network traffic.  ? Review security policy document and recommend actions based on industry standards. IT ANALYST Board of elections 2018 to 2018 In-depth experience in performing audit of IT general controls (ITGC) such as, access control, change management, IT operations, disaster recovery and platform reviews (Windows and UNIX OS).  ? Assisted in IT management by identifying gaps between policy and process, developing recommendations to remediate control weaknesses.  ? Perform Logic and Accuracy on voting equipment.  ? Ensure the voting supplies are ready for Certification and Accreditation by the board.  ? Audit and tested voting equipment before being taken to sites.  ? Audit VACs and evaluation of results.  ? Batch runner in canvassing team.  ? Verify integrity reports of all equipment. CYBER SECURITY ANALYST Monitor 2003 to 2013 evaluate and maintain systems and procedures to safeguard internal information systems.  ? Manually review logs and provide documentation guidelines to management.  ? Provided technical support to end-users who need advice, assistance and training.  ? Ensured regular availability of network to the satellite campuses.  ? Created and managed user account using Windows 2000/2003 and Active directory.  ? Safeguard the organization's systems, network, and web portal.  ? Planned and carried out security measures to monitor and protect sensitive data system from infiltration and cyber-attacks.  ? Member of the Certification and Accreditation team.  ? Diagnose and provide root cause analysis for application, hardware, network and operating system issues.  ? Perform operating system patches and updates.  ? Monitor the security state of information system that may affect security controls.  ? Participate in the planning, development, and analysis of IT related risk assessments.  ? Conduct research on test, training, and implementing programs designed to safeguard sensitive information.  ? Evaluate current state of information and make necessary recommendation.  ? Manages, configures, and setup Windows and laptops.  ? Monitored security event logs from a centralized management console to ensure the environment is secure.  ? Substantially decreased the frequency of virus infected computers by implementing network wide upgrade. HELP DESK NCEMA 2002 to 2003 Planned and scheduled the installation of new hardware, operating systems and application software.  ? Assured software and systems quality and functionality are maintained.  ? Maintained software and hardware inventory. Education B.SC in COMPUTER SCIENCE UNIVERSITY OF ILORIN 2002 Skills It Audit, Cisa, SOX, Fisma, Cobit