Business Analyst V Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> V Business Analyst V - BANK OF AMERICA Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Trusted business analyst with global expertise in defining business technology requirements for multi million dollar programs that have increased profits 30% (reduced cost 25%) and risk. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst V BANK OF AMERICA - Irving, TX January 2019 to August 2019 Translation of stakeholder requests into a set of system features. These in turn are detailed into specifications for functional and nonfunctional requirements. Ensure the that following quality dimensions are present as the requirement matures: Functionality, Usability, Performance and Supportability.  ? Facilitate meetings with the direct involvement of both stakeholders and developers to gather feedback on requirements and solution results.  ? Evaluate the impact of a change the stakeholder is requesting and discuss with the development team.  ? Determine the business impact and severity of the defect. IT Security Specialist III BANK OF AMERICA - Irving, TX 2017 to 2018 Defining, analyzing and documenting business and functional requirements of business needs and translate those needs into requirements for consumption by the developers who are responsible for building the solutions to automate self-testing of third party applications to prevent risk management throughout all departments.  ? Responsible for communicating to LOB their applications that are in scope for testing across delivery teams, senior leaders, and cross-functional stakeholders for Global Information Security/Identity and Access Management.  ? Apart of the IAM Third Party Team that ensures the user access control list is on boarded properly through Access Request Management (ARM) for third party vendor applications.  ? Execute User Acceptance Testing for all LOB third party applications to ensure that application managers are in compliance with the policy and procedures of the bank to pass audit.  ? Updating and documenting the User Analyst Guide of changes that are made throughout the testing cycle process using SharePoint. IT Business Analyst I HEALTH MANAGEMENT SERVICE - Las Colinas, TX 2013 to 2017 Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) providing the steps of each performed tasks of the software development process.  ? Develop integration and test processes that will allow performance integration of system components.  ? Perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for assigned systems of verification methods, develop test documentation to coordinate test planning and execution.  ? Review, analyze, evaluate and gather business systems requirements for existing and new development with daily standup, user stories, backlog grooming and sprint planning in Agile.  ? Provide data mappings to the Developer to create new reports for the user.  ? Ensuring data from client source claim files is feeding appropriately through 4 systems and working with multiple IT and business teams when necessary to update the associated processes. Substitute Teacher JEAN MCCLUNG MIDDLE SCHOOL - Fort Worth, TX 2012 to 2013 Business Analyst AMERICA NATIONAL CHRISTIAN ACADEMY - Arlington, TX 2010 to 2012 Manager ENTERTAINMENT N ARLINGTON - Arlington, TX 2008 to 2012 Business Analyst II SIEMENS Energy & Automation, Inc., Postal Automation - Arlington, TX 1998 to 2008 Education M.P.M in IT Project Management Bellevue University 2017 Skills Sharepoint, Ms project, Tableau, Teradata, Vpn, Visio, Db2, Oracle, Sql, Clarify, Sap, Remedy, Ms office, Livelink, Qa, Quality assurance, Vendor management, Business analysis, Business process improvement, Operations Additional Information Expertise: • Business Analysis • Effective Problem Solving  • Business Process Improvement • Quality Assurance (QA)  • Teambuilding & Leadership • Vendor Management    Professional • Strong written and oral communication skills with the ability to Strengths: relate to all management levels and individuals from various cultures.  • Highly organized self-starter with the ability to effectively manage time and available resources to achieve strategic goals and objectives.  • Excellent problem solver and decision maker; able to view operations, identify areas of concern, and develop solid solutions for critical issues.    Technical Skills: • Agile, SQL, Teradata, SAP, SharePoint, Tableau, Wiki, Discovery, MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, and PowerPoint) MS Project, MS Visio, Oracle, DB2, SERVICE-NOW, TOAD, VPN, REMEDY, CLARIFY, CLIENTELE, ON DEMAND, LIVELINK, TRACK +