IT Cyber Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Cyber Security Specialist Rowlett, TX Work Experience IT Cyber Security Specialist Garland Power & Light - Garland, TX June 2016 to June 2019 Provide continuous support and expertise of the following:  • Ensure systems and networks comply with NERC CIP, state and local regulatory standards and internal policies. Assess business risks and evaluate the effectiveness of controls at the network, operating system, database, and application level.  • Evaluate tests, recommend, develop, coordinate, monitor, and maintain information  security policies, procedures and systems, including hardware, firmware and software.  • Ensure that IS Security architecture/designs, plans, controls, processes, standards, policies and procedures are aligned with IS standards and overall IS security.  • Identify security risks and exposures, determine the causes of security violations and suggest procedures to halt future incidents. Investigate and resolve security incidents and recommends enhancements to improve security.  • Monitor software updates, document, and install as needed. Assist in communicating security procedures to users.  • Continuously monitor, analyze and identify security alerts information from all approved security devices, collection techniques and designated system logs.  • Prepare written reports, communication or correspondence on behalf of the department. Make presentations on assignment status and progress. Senior Information Security Analyst Dell Services - Plano, TX November 2010 to May 2016 Level 6C Security Clearance (US Government Account)  Provide continuous support and expertise of the following:  • SIEM - Monitor Network traffic and events, internal and external.  • IDS/IPS event analysis and reporting.  • Antivirus diagnostics and analysis.  • Multiple device log analysis (Firewall, DNS, Proxy, CIDS, HIDS, MIDS).  • Present correlated data to clients from an information security perspective.  • Investigative, analyze and resolve problems.  • Assess security threats.  • Detect security issues, create customer tickets, and manage problems until closure.  • Coordinate escalations and collaborate with internal technology teams to ensure timely resolution of issues.  • Ensure that Service Level Agreements are met.  • Report common and repeat problems (trend analysis) to management and propose process and technical improvements. Senior Infrastructure Analyst/Systems Administrator/Network & Security Commercial Metals Company - Irving, TX March 1986 to February 2010 Provide continuous support and expertise of the following:  • Evaluate, recommend, purchase, configure, and maintain all IT related equipment and infrastructure.  • Work with global IT staff and users to diagnose and resolve technical problems.  • Perform maintenance and upgrades and install new equipment as necessary.  • Continuously monitor the infrastructure and provide immediate response to production issues.  • Work with vendor support teams to install, configure, and maintain equipment and services.  • Recommend new equipment or upgrades necessary to support performance and reliability standards.  • Configure, install, and maintain disaster recovery systems.  • Maintain good vendor relations with key suppliers.  • Create and maintain required documentation for system inventory and procedures.  • Participate in training as needed to remain up to date with technology and to advance skills.  • Adhere to all company policies and procedures. Education North Mesquite High School Eastfield Community College Skills Security (9 years), Active Directory (10+ years), Cisco (10+ years), Microsoft (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses GIAC Certified Incident Handler (GCIH) October 2012 to October 2024 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) August 2018 to August 2021 Certified Network Defense Architect (CNDA) August 2018 to August 2021