Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Bank of America, Northern Virginia VA Ashburn, VA A skilled and dedicated Information System and SME professional with over 6 years in Security Assessment & Authorization, FISMA, NIST 800-37 Risk Management Framework (RMF), POA&M management, System Security Plans, Contingency Plans and other applicable NIST standards, Cyber Security, Information Assurance (IA), System Continuous Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance. Possess exceptional project management skills, and able to perform in a fast-paced, client-facing environment. Capable of communicating technical information to non-technical personnel. Self-driven, positive work ethics, with strong time management and prioritization skills. Authorized to work in United States for any employer. Work Experience Information Security Analyst Bank of America, Northern Virginia VA April 2019 to Present • Conducting security control assessments for new client systems based on NIST SP 800-53A Rev 4 and in accordance with policies and procedures.  • Working with system owner to select and establish the security control baseline utilizing NIST SP 800-53 and FIPS 200, writing components of SSPs and updating SSPs from SP 800-53 Rev 3 to Rev 4.  • Providing leadership in utilizing Risk Management Framework process to enable successful approval to operate (ATO).  • Providing access and privileges to Cyber Security Application Management (CSAM) users, Information Security System Officers (ISSOs), Assessors, and System Owners and training new users on CSAM usage, privileges, access, and separation of duties within the system.  • Managing and tracking the status Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and all relevant documentation and uploading them through the CSAM Tool.  • Updating information systems security documentation including Security Plan, Contingency Plan, Contingency Plan Test, FIPS-199, E-authentication, etc.  • Working with system owners to write Contingency Plans to ensure that there is a properly documented plan for recovering from an unplanned extended service outage. Security Analyst Walgreens, IL May 2015 to April 2019 • Provided continuous monitoring support for security systems in accordance to FISMA guidelines.  • Ensured the implementation and effectiveness of security controls in accordance with IT Security Policy and Procedures.  • Assisted in conducting FedRAMP Readiness Assessments and reviewed ATO packages for FedRAMP Cloud environments.  • Provided expertise in vulnerability management processes and network vulnerability scanning using Tenable Security Center and/or Nessus.  • Responsible for the development of system security control test plan and in-depth security assessments of information systems.  • Developed security baseline controls and test plans used to assess implemented security controls.  • Assessed system design and security posture as well as advise information security compliance with FISMA and NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 controls.  • Created Security Assessment Reports (SAR) identifying the results of the assessment along with POA&M and conducted follow up meetings to assist ISSOs, System Owners and Authorizing Officials to close remediated POA&M items.  • Performed and recommended maintenance and system configuration settings in order to protect systems from emerging cyber threats.  • Participated in meetings to discuss vulnerabilities and potential remediation actions with system and application owners.  • Developed System Security Plans (SSP) to provide an overview of system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by information system owners to meet those requirements. IT Analyst Walgreens, IL March 2013 to April 2015 • Worked closely with all IT Engineering and Operations teams including Productivity, Infrastructure, Network, Engineering, Voice and Conferencing, Collaboration, and IT Information Security to ensure that all end users are supported.  • Provided remote technical support using tools for standard configurations of workstations, laptops, operating systems, software, hardware, printers, and peripherals.  • Assisted in system upgrades and maintenance.  • Collaborated in the delivery of end user communications, training, and programs to ensure rapid adoption of IT services.  • Scheduled and implemented regular patching to the desktop infrastructure in coordination with IT engineering and information security teams.  • Monitored incident and request management metrics, facilitated training and coaching for team members and managed service providers.  • Assisted in recruiting, screening, and interviewing for IT operations candidates as directed. IT Help Desk Analyst KPMG - New York, NY May 2010 to March 2013 • Managed and monitored problem ticket trends.  • Analyzed incidents and determined level of support required, and applied diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions.  • Maintained and monitored incident records within the tracking system and provided assistance in their resolution when reviewing incident records. Document customer requests in tracking system and record action taken and follow up on deferred actions.  • Troubleshooted, analyzed, resolved, tracked, escalated, and accurately documented various technical problems  • Proactively identified areas for improvement in process and regularly assessed documentation and reports for accuracy and improvement. Desktop Support Technician University of Ghana, Accra June 2008 to April 2010 • Managed user services such as help desk administrative tasks and addressing support issues (unlocking/re-setting passwords, modifying data, etc.).  • Provided support and troubleshoot standard office productivity applications and tools (Microsoft Office suite, Internet Explorer, etc.).  • Assessed user training needs, train the user in the effective use of applications, make recommendations regarding hardware and software acquisitions, prepare documentation, and provide user assistance.  • Installed, assembled, and configured computers, monitors, network infrastructure, and peripherals, including printers, scanners, and related hardware. Education Master of Public Administration in Public Administration Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA 2016 Bachelor of Arts in Labor Studies and Employment Relations in Labor Studies and Employment Relations Penn State University - University Park, PA 2013 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Ghana 2008 Skills Iso 27001, Nessus, Nist, Payment card industry, Sharepoint, Active directory, Fisma, Incident response, Change management, Configuration management, Risk assessment, Intrusion detection, Cyber Security, It Security, Information Security Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master July 2019 to Present Security+ August 2019 to August 2022