IT Security Analyst Access and Authentication <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Access and Authentication IT Security Analyst Access and Authentication St. Louis, MO Work Experience IT Security Analyst Access and Authentication Express Scripts March 2017 to August 2019 Responsible for Access control globally for all employees, contractors and external clients  ? Troubleshooting and resolving access management and provisioning workflow errors  ? Work with management team to in the development of performance metrics  ? Collaborate with other IAM teams for improving IAM processes, controls and communication  ? Develop, maintain and execute Standard Operating Procedures(SOP)  ? Responsible for ensuring that the appropriate auditing and reporting quality characteristics have been integrated across platforms, locations, and applications.  ? Consulted on all open security access-related tickets and activities including User ID management  ? implement solutions for remediating and mitigating controls gaps ensuring sufficient remediation plans and tracking to a timely resolution.  ? Develops and document UAT (User acceptance testing ) result and issues related to production, integrations of new feature and functionality from the Development Teams. Access Management Technical Analyst Lead Monsanto August 2011 to March 2017 Responsible for Access control for 22,000+ employees globally. Create, revise, On boarding and off boarding  ? Managed a team of three (3) direct reports  ? System Administrator for employee's access  ? Process and track new employee, temporary employee and contract employee access requests, access changes and termination requests  ? Maintain internal audit guidelines, review reporting, provide training to streamline processes  ? Create, advise, review technical knowledge articles  ? Facilitate, manage, and oversee the timely resolution of incidents impacting IT operations and systems on a global capacity  ? Skilled in data gathering, forming hypotheses, and developing solutions; demonstrates emerging influence with IT teams; provides guidance to junior team members; begins to develop specialized knowledge and contributes to continuous improvement and methodologies IT Network / Access Control Administrator Smurfit - Stone November 2007 to August 2011 Create, edit and disable user accounts on LAN / AIX Machines  ? Maintain user access and user roles on SAP R/3 Production  ? Perform risk analysis within SAP Netweaver  ? Manage home directories; created Active Directory (AD) accounts, security groups and distribution lists  ? Maintain internal audit guidelines  ? Create, advise, review technical knowledge articles Skills Peoplesoft, Sap, R/3, Active directory, Remedy, Workday, Oracle, Training, Ordering, Managing projects Additional Information Skills / Attributes:    ? Remedy and Service now systems  ? Office 365, Oracle/Oblix - external facing employee interface, PeopleSoft, Workday, Active Directory (AD), SAP R/3 Production, SAP Net Weaver, SCORE/SOMS - sales ordering system  ? Managing projects within an Agile methodology  ? CyberArk  ? Training teams on application process  ? Ability to rapidly absorb new technical and security skills, and apply effectively  ? Identity development opportunities