Sr. IT Compliance Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Compliance Analyst - Quad/Graphics Grafton, WI Work Experience Sr. IT Compliance Analyst Quad/Graphics - Sussex, WI July 2016 to Present • Review and maintenance of IT security and compliance policies.  • Provide training and direction to the team as a technical lead.  • Lead process improvement and product evaluations to improve IT compliance as needed.  • Work with project stakeholders to provide the necessary information to facilitate informed risk and compliance-based decisions.  • Work cross team and department to develop and implement secure solutions to meet internal and external demands.  • Wrote, review, and conduct regular maintenance of IT security and compliance policies.  • Negotiate IT Security contractual provisions with customers and vendors.  • Lead the completion of detailed customer audits (as applicable to IT and customer provided data).  • Interpret and integrate security frameworks (NIST, HITRUST, etc.) into the security program and security initiatives.  • Execute internal IT compliance audits against the corporate security framework.  • Regularly work with third party certification auditors (SOC2 Type II, PCI, etc.).  • Identify make recommendations to address gaps found during any auditing processes.  • Implement and maintain a risk-based vendor assessment and auditing program.  • Evaluate, create, and administer IT security and compliance related training.   • Analyze current and future security frameworks, laws and regulations and make suggestions for necessary adjustments to the security program to stay in compliance.   • Conduct regular reviews of external data sources to identify, analyze, and report on potential risks simultaneously proposing appropriate solutions to address the risk. System Analyst- Security Operations Quad/Graphics - Sussex, WI June 2011 to July 2016 • Evaluated, deployed and managed security technologies including firewalls, IPS, proxies, reverse proxies, VPN solutions, SIEM solutions, and process white listing technologies balancing business needs for uptime and functionality with security concerns and best practices.   • Assisted in evaluation and usage of Antivirus and Network Access Control solutions to provide additional protection to endpoints and the network as a whole.   • Implemented new forensics investigation procedures improving evaluation times on reported issues.   • Designed and wrote SIEM rules to provide for early detection of threats and lay the foundation of a threat hunting program.  • Evaluated new patches and made remediation recommendations based on the corporate environment.  • Evaluated new products and solutions and present recommendations based on evaluations.  • Studied current and past threats to provide a recommended course of action to protect against them.  • Evaluated acquired companies information infrastructure and practices to implement remediation plans bring them in line with corporate standards.   • Performed scripting and application writing to automate repetitive tasks and gather performance statistics.   • Provided training to new members of the Security Operations team. System Administrator Windows, UNIX, Storage, Retention Quad/Graphics - Sussex, WI November 2007 to June 2011 • Managed corporate SAN solutions, Unix and Windows based operating systems, and VMware ESXi instances ensuring maximum uptime for business processes.  • Implemented and audited corporate backup solution to ensure that Disaster Recovery needs could be met.  • Updated and created documentation on procedures for various day to day tasks performed with the team.  • Evaluated and implemented new performance monitoring software allowing for the company to gain additional insight into the equipment that was deployed. I.T. Internship Concordia University - Mequon, WI September 2003 to May 2007 • Updated the vehicle registration and parking ticket database allowing for faster data entry and searches.  • Installed and performed standard administrative tasks on the network gear improving overall network performance and accessibility.   • Performed second level troubleshooting of network connectivity problems.  • Trained new I.T. student workers. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Concordia University - Mequon, WI May 2007