IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Accenture Atlanta, GA Work Experience IT Security Analyst Accenture February 2008 to Present • Incident Tracking - incident awareness, case creation, case management, data analysis and reporting using ForeScout Counter Act's incident management tool.  • Daily monitored live systems to discover real-time threats (Tanium); monitor compliance with security policies, Experience with IT compliance and risk management.  • Security Investigations - Review individual incidents reported and work with the individuals involved in the incident.  • I provide tier one, configuration and deployment services for endpoints company-wide, including Windows and Mac based workstations and servers, mobile devices, RF devices and endpoint-facing applications.  • Participate in classification, clarification, compliance and control security events (ForeScout - Counter Act)  • Tracked and reported on number and value of certificates issued as well as performed internal audits to ensure all SSL on demand customers remained in compliance. Install, configure and troubleshoot SSL certificate at the end user device. (SSL Certificate).  • Symantec data loss prevention - Prevent security solutions covering Symantec DLP Endpoint, Discover, Web & Email - Develop security solutions to integrate into Symantec DLP - Integrate with analytics and compliance tooling - Create, review, maintain and update documentation including Documenting & Publishing fixes in central knowledge base - Work with global teams to provide consistent processes and solutions.  • Assess incident severity and escalate  • Create incident ticket in ServiceNow to aid technician in solving end user incidents  • Produce daily reports & briefings to provide accurate depiction of the threat landscape.  • Assessed the effectiveness of security related activities across the organization.  • Identified problem that directly affect the accomplishment of the security program goals and objectives and created alternatives and corrective actions.  • Perform penetration test and run vulnerability scans  • Analyze threats and vulnerabilities to determine inherent risk to information assets. Assist in the evaluation and implementation of new security technologies.  • Oversee hardware infrastructure and keep updates with latest technology. Ensure software is patched and able to protect from threats. Support DLP (Data Loss Prevention) policies  • Conduct routine social engineering tests and clean-desk audits  • Created and assigned Secure ID Hardware Tokens (RSA) to allow and control remote access to the LAN Network (VPN)  • Documenting security and emergency measures, policies and procedures. Assisting to resolve security issues as they arise on the Project  • Performed review of existing procedures and updates when appropriate  • Performed managing directors hard drive forensics after rolling-off the engagement.  • Encrypt all Accenture storage devices and manage recovery keys; Remotely erase lost devices in the project using Computrace Absolute software  • Work on the latest platforms, which include Amazon EC2; Amazon RDS; Amazon S3  • Install and troubleshoot Cisco AnyConnect VPN connection  • Responsible of all purchases: hardware and software using the internal Accenture procurement tool Buy Now  • Assets management, receive, update and dispose assets Technical Support Comcast June 2007 to December 2007 Provide daily support to 3000 Comcast employees. Identify various hardware and software problems and set a priority for each incident. Assist user community with projects involving the application of personal computer. Install and configure OS, desktop applications and PC components. Troubleshoot network connectivity issues and provide status updates. Input and manage service requests and tickets with multiple Service Providers. Maintain accurate contact records for IT services vendors. Procure computer, server and networking equipment. Implement and verify daily servers' systems backups. Technical Support Computer Solutions January 2007 to June 2007 Cisco configuration, modification and saving of settings, updating of software, and installation of parts. Deployment of Cisco LAN switches, specifically Catalyst series switches (2900, 2950, 3500, 3550, 3750), Cisco routers, 2600, 2800 and 3745 series routers. Install and implement wireless LAN networks perform a RF site survey using Stumbler during this survey. After installation I will test the WLAN by capturing packets to judge AP placement. I will make recommendations as to improvement, such as power to change cell size and then assist in the changes. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Lyon Skills Security, access, Cisco