UNIX/LINUX Security Engineer -level 4 UNIX/LINUX <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer -level 4 UNIX/LINUX Security Engineer -level 4 - WELLS FARGO IT Systems Specialist with 10+ Years of Experience in UNIX /Linux Administration.  • SUN and HP Certified Systems Administrator offering 10 Years of IT experience working as Red Hat Systems Administrator at different large and complex environments having low to High-end servers.  • Expertise in building, designing and supporting both development & production environments and supporting various applications.  • Experience working across different financial and telecom service sectors.    Confident, motivated IT professional with 10 years of experience in UNIX /LINUX(SUN Solaris 8,9,10, Red Hat LINUX 4/5/7 and HP-UX) security Administration and application management within Banking and Telecom domain. Work Experience UNIX/LINUX Security Engineer -level 4 WELLS FARGO - Charlotte, NC November 2015 to Present One of the Leading Banks of USA in retail banking, marketing, global service, security supports, Insurance etc.    ResponsibilitiesSpecific software versions aren't often needed, just the product line and name. From a security standpoint, I try to be a little vague to avoid revealing too many details about the environment I worked in.:  • Worked as a Info security Engineer- level 4 with Wells Fargo- ERIMS - Unix team.  • Worked on Security Vulnerability Management - Remediating the high vulnerabilities in the Critical unix servers. Expertise on Qualys remediations and VAT scans.  • Worked on PKI security Certificate updates across the unix security servers.  • Worked on Tech refresh - OS upgrades from RHEL 5.x to 6.x across the DLP infrastructure. Reimaging servers to 6.x and installing required layered products and remediating all the security vulnerabilities.  • Applied Kernel Patch updates for RHEL 6.7/7.2 using Yum Package Manager on the PKI linux servers.  • Providing 24x7 On-Call Rotation support for 7 days a week and one time every month. Primary point of contact during the On-call for the entire environment of around 1000 servers.  • Installation and administration of BOKS infrastructure across the Lab, Test, QA, Corp, wholesale and Production domains.  • Perform OS performance tuning and deploy latest patches and monitor production incidents on all the BOKS master and Boks Replica's. Configuring new BOKS clients in lab and other non-prod environments for engineering teams. Upgrading the BOKS client from 6.5 to 6.7 and 7.0.  • Using the BOKS install server to configure BOKS clients with needed host groups according to the requirement. Work with BOKS install server to repurpose clients across different domains and configure new BOKS clients according to the requirements from Engineering and application teams.  • Installed Oracle 11g client version as oracle user on PKI DB infrastructure. Executed the root scripts and changed Kernel Parameters as per the requirements from the database teams.  • Installing and upgrading Splunk on the ERIMS-Unix servers.  • Presented yearly performance review documents to various customers like PKI.  • Installation, configuration and O/S upgrade of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 5.11/6.7/7.2, Solaris 10/11, VMware ESX 4.1/5.0/5.5 on DellPowerEdgeR230/R330/R620/R730/R720, HP Proliant DL360G6/DL385G8 /580G7/585G6, Sun Fire 280R/V480.  • Created new virtual machines on VMware ESX 5.0 and ESX 5.5 servers with the help of VMware Vsphere client 5.0. Virtual Machine O/S includes RHEL 5.11/6.7/7.2, Windows Enterprise 2008 R2 and Solaris 11.  • Installed and configured HP ILO2/ILO3, Dell DRAC 6/7/8 for server remote console access, firmware upgrades and BIOS upgrades.  • Involved in on-boarding servers for application teams, which required installing layered products and monitoring tools and running Audit scans for operational readiness.  • Worked on package deployments, password changes, server registrations using HPSA.  • Worked on Compliance remediation on unix servers.  • Worked on Linux VM build(s) , Physical server builds using IDRAC -10 and patching.  • Installing and troubleshooting of Apache 2.2.3 web server in production.  • Setting up the server to send/receive mail using SendMail utility, which uses the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP).  • Administration of the production environment Application/Database backup using Veritas NetBackup 7.2.2, Avamar 7.1 and TSM 6.0 on the client side.  • Worked on day to day Unix OS related issues- using Remedy- Problem Tickets, CRs, WOs.  • Managing/configuring Networks , IPs, NFS, sendmail in RHEL 6/7 servers.  • Participated in Quality check and documentation (presenting the documents to the customers).  • Managing applications like Nagios, Java, Oracle in Unix servers.    Tools Used: - Hp-Remedy, ABT, HPSA -automation tool, Pac 2000, xymon, Triage , NVEX, PAVR (for qualys and security) etc. UNIX/LINUX security Analyst WELLS FARGO - Charlotte, NC September 2013 to December 2013 One of the Leading Banks of USA in retail banking, marketing, global service, security supports, Insurance etc.  • Worked as a UNIX security Analyst with Wells Fargo.  • Performed User Management.  • Created Shell Scripts.  • Analyzed Maintained Build Scripts  • Created procedures/programs using UNIX SHELL scripting for bulk deployments of patches and packages in UNIX boxes.  • Created / Managed the FS and services in RedHat Linux and Solaris starting from the LUN discovery.  • Initializing the disks in Solaris and Redhat Linux using vxvm and LVM. IT Systems Specialist / UNIX Senior System ANALYST SOCIETE GENERALE - Bengaluru, Karnataka November 2010 to June 2012 Project -SARI - Systems Analyst Risk Infrastucture)  One of the leading banks of Europe specializes in retail banking, marketing, global service, security supports, Insurance etc. SARI is an internal team of SG which is located in Bangalore India. The team supports all the UNIX servers of SG worldwide. The environments include Retail, Market access, SG Security Services etc.  Tools: Internal SG tools like iTrack, SVCmon, Hostmon, Samanta, Marley and UNIX tools like vCenter, Putty etc.  • Performed FS management and extension using LVM and VxVM; User and Data management in RedHat Linux and UNIX; SSH key management in UNIX; and Solaris and Linux Package / patch installation.  • Installed Different applications like WebLogic, MQ, and Tomcat etc. in Different Flavor of UNIX.  • Created/ Managed Build Scripts/Procedures understanding the specific requirements of Application team.  • Maintained the access control of different application users in UNIX environment.  • Maintained the Build scripts in post-production as well.  • Managed the startup/ kill scripts for different application in UNIX.  • Created procedures/programs using UNIX SHELL scripting for bulk deployments of patches and packages in UNIX boxes.  • Created / Managed the FS and services in RedHat Linux and Solaris starting from the LUN discovery.  • Initializing the disks in Solaris and Redhat Linux using vxvm and LVM.  • Creating and configuring zones on Solaris 10.  • Performance monitoring and troubleshooting in Linux and Solaris servers.  • Participated in Customer Interaction regarding High Priority work stack. Interacted with different clients /users in ASIA/EUROPE and USA.  • Handled different UNIX Operating system Issues; coordinated UNIX Data Center operations for various regions; actively participated in Disaster Recovery activities.  • Successfully completed few small time projects from Requirement Gathering till the Release.  • Worked on customized clustering (SVCMON).  • Installed Virtual Machines (VMs) using the vCenter tool.  • Analyzed the systems hardware issue and raised a call with HP and Semantic.  • Worked on the Data recovery; bulk patching / upgrading the Linux versions; server decommission. IT Systems Analyst TATA CONSULTANCY SERVICES - Bengaluru, Karnataka February 2010 to October 2010 Project - LCH- London Clearnet House)  LCH is a worldwide banking service provider located at UK-London. From UNIX front it has around 1700 servers located worldwide in different regions to support different Banking application(s).  • Installed Different applications in UNIX, Eg - Oracle, WebLogic, Tomcat etc. Created the application File Systems in UNIX along with the specific users following the End to End process.  • Created different Build Scripts in UNIX for WebLogic and Oracle team and have placed the scripts in the user's home directory.  • Worked on troubleshooting part of the application Issues from UNIX prospective understanding the specific requirements of the Middleware team.  • Deployed Build Scripts using HPSA tool and BladeLogic tool in the DR activities and have maintained the scripts post production as well.  • Worked on the WebLogic GUI for verification during shadow test before handing over the result to Middleware team.  • Customer Interaction regarding High Priority work stacks.  • Creating disk root mirroring using SVM Solaris.  • Installing packages and patches in Linux.  • Configuring zones in Solaris 10 environment;  • Managing Solaris 10 zones and SMF.  • Handled disk space and partition issues in Redhat Linux and Solaris.  • Experience on working in global cross site VERITAS cluster (VCS - GUI).  • Created and managed the file system using VERITAS volume manager (VxVM) in Solaris and Linux LVM in Redhat servers.  • Work experience on live DR process in cross site VCS cluster.  • Creation of Impact Assessment and Root Cause Analysis of the issues. Participated in tracking technical defects.  • Solaris server build through BladeLogic tool (Solaris 9/10)  • Operating system live upgrade from Solaris 9 to 10 (using automated LCH scripts). Software Engineer UNIX Analyst INFOSYS TECHNOLOGIES, LTD - Bengaluru, Karnataka November 2005 to February 2010 Project BTOI- British Telecom Operation Integration)    BTOIDCIM provides a comprehensive range of Bridge Ticketing system based support to help BT to make the most out of its IT Infrastructure. BTOI team provides different support for different environments in BT (Like TSR, 21CN etc.). Support is for around 2000 servers.  Tools: Bridge Clarify, Putty, Enterprise security manager (ESM), Radia Software Manager (RSM), AlarmMIS.  • Performed UNIX core build( SUN Solaris 8/9/10); configured zones in Solaris 10 environment; mount point/partition issues; report management for all the applications; investigation issues within the SLA time bound; creation of Impact Assessment and Root Cause Analysis of the issues; review and tracking of defects.  • Monitoring performance issues in RedHat Linux 4 and 5.  • Creating disk partitioning and configuration using SVM and LVM in Linux and Solaris.  • User access control management and FS management in Linux and UNIX.  • Participated in all Internal and External Audit and ensured all Review Records are properly shared with the client in the organizational level.  • As a module lead conducted knowledge transition many times in the project.  • Worked dedicatedly to improve quality of all Deliverables.  • Prepared/updated best fit UNIX shell scripts for different problems, which helped team to minimize the time and increase in work productivity.  • Prepared UNIX auto scripts to take auto backup for 50+ critical servers in defined time period in BT domain.  • Customer Interaction regarding High Priority work stacks. Education B-Tech in Information Technology Berhampur University - Brahmapur, Orissa 2005 Skills LINUX (10+ years), SOLARIS (10+ years), UNIX (10+ years), SECURITY (9 years), SUN (8 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nabanita-mohapatra-43559425 Additional Information Expertise:    • 10 years of expertise in providing technical assistance on RHEL, HP-Unix, SOLARIS operating systems.  • Expertise in Remediating Security and vulnerability experience in Banking domain.  • Working experience in Red Hat Linux 6 and 7 administration and virtualization (containers).  • Working experience in banking domain with few of the biggest clients like WELLSFARGO(USA), London Clearnet House,(UK) Societe genarale (Paris) Projects  • Good working experience on Client/Vendor Coordination. Have worked as a direct Monitoring coordinator with British Telecom Client representing INFOSYS.  • Good knowledge on HPSA Expand HPSA acronym the first time it is used  tool , PAVR security tool, Virtualization using VMware-Center (Installation of VMs using citrix server).  • Used HPSA tool- GUI OS Build plans during the bulk new server installations and during the Disaster Recovery (DR activity).  • Patches and Packages Installation and Management in UNIX servers.  • Experienced Shell scripting and programming.  • Installing virtual servers (VMs) using v-center and Physical servers using DRACs.  • File System Creation and Management in Solaris and Red Hat LINUX.  • User/Group Management in UNIX servers using sudoers file.  • Configuring disks using in Redhat Linux 6 and 7. NFS management in Unix servers  • Managing /Installation of VxVM in Solaris and Linux Machines.  • Load balancing using VCS and Resource management using VCS console.  • Installation of SUN Solaris Zones/containers and zone Administration  • Working knowledge SVCMon automation tool, Automated Build Tool (ABT) to build the servers.  • Managing resources using SMF in Solaris 10.  • Good at Documentation and Quality Check for security and vulnerability management.  • Monitoring and automating performance issues in Linux and Solaris.  • Handled different UNIX Operating system Issues; coordinated UNIX Data Center operations for various regions; actively participated in Disaster Recovery activities. Participated in system audit process and quality checks.    TECHNICAL SKILLS And TOOL SET    Operating Systems Redhat Linux EL 4/5/6/7, Centos Linux 5/6/7, Solaris (9/10/11), SPARC/x86, Windows server 2003/2008/2012, AIX 6.1/7.1  Hardware & Security  Dell PowerEdge 2850/2970/R710/R900/R330/R230/R720/R610/R620, HP Proliant DL360G6/385G8/580G7/585G6/785/380, Sun Fire 6800/4800/280R/V480    Tools  Remedy(pac2000) for ticketing system,Veritas Cluster Server, Nagios, Zenoss, Solarwinds, SCOM, Xymon, Venafi, Tanium, HPSA, Veritas File Systems VXFS, Veritas NetBackup, Avamar, TSM, VMware, Splunk, PAVR, Qualys,SVCMON,HostMon, ABT (automated build tool )  Hp-Remedy, Bridge Clarify, iTrack    Networking & File System ZFS, VxFs, SVM, ext2, ext3, ext4, UFS, AutoFS, NIS, NIS+, DNS, NFS, FTP, LDAP, LAN, WAN, Firewalls, HTTP Server, TCP/IP, UDP, ARP, Telnet  Virtualization VMware, LDOM, Oracle VM,  Application & RDBMS Apache 2.x, 1.3, 1.2, JBoss4.0.x Web Servers and BEA WebLogic 8.x, 9.x Oracle 10/11g, MySQL 5.6, MongoDb 2.6  Devops Tools Radia software manager (RSM) BT tools like - Omnibus    • Operating Systems: UNIX (Red Hat Linux 6/7, SUN Solaris 8/9/10, IBM AIX,HP-UX,) Windows XP/NT/2000  • Languages: UNIX Shell Scripting  • Application Server/Cluster: Web sphere Application server 8.0, VCS, WebLogic 10.3, Apache tomcat.  • Tools: HPSA, , BladeLogic, Bridge Clarify, HP-Remedy and iTrack tracking tool, Enterprise Security Manager (ESM), Automated Monitoring tools like SVCMON, Hostmon, Radia Software Manager (RSM), BT tools like Omnibus, HPSA  • Applications: Domain application knowledge like UCPS, AlarmMIS, BladeLogic, Samanta, etc.  • Storage: Hands on experience on VxVM and theoretical knowledge on SUN Clustering