IT Production Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Production <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Production Analyst - ZF Transmissions Greenwood, SC Experienced technical analyst with strong background in healthcare, manufacturing, and hospitality  looking to expand technical and development expertise. Excellent communication, presentation, and  demonstration skills. Adept in installation, troubleshooting, planning, researching, and training. Work Experience IT Production Analyst ZF Transmissions - Gray Court, SC January 2015 to Present • Plans, conducts, and executes shop floor production support activities  • Monitors and ensures system availability for shop floor production systems  • Provide technical clarification and resolve problems that impede production  • Diagnostics for the data interface between the cell computers and low level control systems (PLC)  • Provides after hours / on-call support for the plant IT shop floor systems  • Performs software updates and data backup  • Participates in commissioning of IT systems in the assembly and test facilities area  • Acts as liaison with the IT software development department and the plant maintenance department  • Participates in IT shop floor projects or system enhancements  • Ensures only ZF approved software is used in the plant  • Adheres to and ensures compliance with ZF standard processes, procedures, and systems  • Develops effective working relationships with internal and external business partners  • Documents problems and solutions in ZF standard systems  • Maintaining an orderly work area compliant with 5S requirements  • Travel locally and internationally as required  • Work on special projects as assigned and perform related tasks as needed System Administrator Savannah Lakes Village POA - McCormick, SC October 2014 to Present • Responsible managing the Corporate Network and All Servers.  • Coordinate with vendors for offsite support.  • Manage upgrades and projects.  • Manage Active Directory, Remote Access, and all aspects of Access to the network. Desktop Support Analyst Roper - St. Francis Healthcare - Charleston, SC May 2012 to April 2014 • Responsible for over 6000 client devices including PC, Laptop, iPad, MAC, and android based tablets.  • Proficient in Managing Active Directory Environment.  • Responsible for installation of PC Hardware, Software, and peripherals.  • Provided courteous onsite training of customers receiving new equipment.  • Coordinate with vendors to install and implement new technology.  • Administer Windows based servers (2003, 2008, 2008R2).  • Proficient in using Altiris Management Console. Client Analyst II Self Regional Healthcare - Greenwood, SC March 2008 to May 2012 • Manage Active Directory - Group Policy for all Client Devices (1800 + Devices).  • Lead team in implementing new equipment and virtualization such as Citrix products across multiple  platforms (iOS, Windows Embedded 7, and Windows XP).  • Support Physician practices' application, network and server needs.  • Administer client based servers such as HPDM and Wyse WDM to manage over 400 devices.  • Administer Windows based servers (2003, 2008, 2008R2) with roles such as building Network  Printers (250 + Devices - 3 Servers), Windows Imaging Deployment Server, Managing the Imaging  Process, Hyper-V Host Server for virtual machines, VMware to manage servers and workstations, and Apple IOS X Lion Server to manage IOS-OSX devices throughout the Enterprise.  • Coordinate deployment and development of Symantec Endpoint Protection (Anti-Virus) throughout the enterprise. Build custom packages for specific roles throughout the organization with the Security  Analyst.  • Manage implementation projects for new technology that relates to the implementation of a meaningful use EMR as mandated in the recent Healthcare Reform Legislation.  • Develop training curriculum for team members as well as end users to insure success of new  technology.  • Coordinate with vendors to install and implement new technology.  • 2010 South Carolina HDI Analyst of the Year, also named 1 of 8 finalist for National Analyst of the Year. Safety & Security Coordinator Self Regional Healthcare - Greenwood, SC December 1993 to March 2008 • Training Officer for firearms, pepper spray, and physical restraint techniques.  • Manage a Team of Officer's enforcing all state laws and policies of the organization.  • Coordinate all Security related devices with the I.T. Team.  • Maintain multiple database's for law enforcement requirements.  • Manage over 300 devices including CCTV, Access Control, and other Security related equipment. Education Associates Degree in Criminal Justice Piedmont Technical College - Greenville, SC December 1993 Skills Tech Support, Help Desk, Service Desk, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Security, testing Additional Information SKILLS    • McKesson Application Support (Implemented Citrix on iPad's, Mobile Carts, and Thin Clients)  Also support STAR, HED, HEV, PMM, PHS, CAF, HEO, and Physician Portal.  • Deployed AdminRx (Medication Dispensing) solution via Mobile Medical Carts.  • Imprivata Single Sign On solution implementation and support in a Citrix environment.  • Implementing Citrix client and solutions on PCs, Tablets and Thin Client devices.  • Support EMR/EHR solutions in remote offices such as Centricity and Allscripts.  • Excellent Communication with staff, vendors, and Physicians.  • Adept in Microsoft products as well as Mac OSX and IOS Devices. Project Management and  Training for Team members.  • Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2008R2, 2102, 2012 SQL, 2012 R2 Management and Support.  • iPad/iPhone deployment and management via custom built profiles, over 400 devices in the network.  • Top tier troubleshooting ability for hardware and application issues.