Front End Cashier Front End Cashier Front End Cashier - Home Depot Grottoes, VA, 24441, US Work Experience Front End Cashier Home Depot - Waynesboro, VA January 2017 to Present Run check out station (SCO), including self checkout bay consisting of 4 stations. Take credit card payments. Assist clients in finding items. Greet customers and direct them to departments.  Work in Garden department collecting payments and calling for loading assistance. DELI CLERK/CASHIER Valley Pike Farm Market - Weyers Cave, VA January 2017 to September 2017 Morning/Lunch Shift: Prepare deli for lunch service by auditing refrigerand prep areas for adequate stock. Prepare salads; soups and sandwiches assuring availability of menu items. Take orders using an IPad based system, collect payment and prepare orders per customer requests. Cut and weigh meats and cheeses. Clean meat and cheese machines, clean counters and prep areas. Wash dishes, clean floors FILE CLERK ResourceMFG - Weyers Cave, VA November 2016 to August 2017 I was contracted to organize, sort and maintained files for the Accounting Department of S1 offices. Prepare files for semi-annual outside audits. Translating invoice numbers into delivery reports then filing each accordingly. During audits, support the outside professionals by locating files over multiple years and  locations. Occasionally researched files and records to support customer inquires. Contract funding for this task ended at the end of August 2017. FRONT END CASHIER WalMart Supercenter October 2015 to November 2016 Front End Cashier. As cashier, run assigned check out station, collect payment and bag  purchased products. Assist loading goods into carts. During slow times, complete in-store  training program, restock shelves and or clean immediate area. Always address customer  queries and in general conduct business in a friendly respectful manner. STAY HOME June 2013 to November 2016 Relocated from Northern Virginia area. Scheduled and supervised home renovation. Supervise  installation of new floors, windows, roof, HVAC system, and appliances. IT SECURITY ANALYST Raytheon Corporation December 2007 to May 2013 Contracted to various IT Security positions within the US government. Contracts included:  * Department of the Army, Information Technology Agency, Network Infrastructure Service  Operations  * Department of Justice supporting accreditation efforts for the Metropolitan Area Network  * Defense Information Systems Agency, Advanced Information Technology Systems, Joint  Program Office IT SECURITY ANALYST ManTech Corporation - Grottoes, VA 1992 to October 2001 24441, ph. 571-243-5203 Education Various Government IT USAF Community College University of Nebraska at Omaha - Omaha, NE Business and Fine Arts Northern Virginia Community College Associates Degree in Electronics in Electronics Grantham Electronics Institute - Falls Church, VA Skills Front Desk, Host, Hostess, Busser, Culinary