Network Security Analyst Network <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Network Security Analyst - Fidelity Information Services Orlando, FL To obtain a network security position where I can make use of my technical, problem solving, and leadership skills as well as continue professional development. Work Experience Network Security Analyst Fidelity Information Services - Orlando, FL February 2010 to Present • Configured, monitored, and maintained Fortigate firewalls.  • Implemented Splunk for log management, data correlation, and alerting.  • Administered RSA tokens for dual authentication to IPSec and SSL VPNs.  • Monitored over 100 Fortigate firewalls for security incidents.  • Wrote the Security Framework document for the FIS-AI Secure group.  • Created a build plan document that standardized firewall and UTM configuration settings.  • Designed the internal-IDS product offering for the AI Secure group.  • Took part in design calls for potential customers.  • Served as team lead and handled escalations.  • Trained new employees both for the engineering and analyst side of AI Secure. Super Bowl IT Intern National Football League - Tampa, FL January 2009 to February 2009 • Provided basic computer support for NFL and media personnel in Tampa.  • Imaged and deployed machines for the four NFL held locations.  • Worked with the various IT departments to ensure a successful Super Bowl. Computer Technician Intern Internal Revenue Service - Maitland, FL June 2006 to September 2008 • Provided computer support for over 250 users in four of the Florida offices.  • Provided onsite and remote assistance both by phone and with the use of remote desktop tools.  • Freely offered technical guidance and advice in the form of oral and written communication to management and co-workers.  • Treated all personnel with respect and went "the extra mile" to provide technical assistance when needed. Education Bachelor of Science in Networking and Communication Management DeVry University - Orlando, FL June 2009