IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Chicago, IL Solutions-oriented and highly motivated with the ability to leverage training and experience while excelling in a Security Analyst role.  • Readily match business objectives with available technologies to meet short- and long-range information management goals.  • Excel at preserving data integrity through various backup, recovery, and security strategies.  • Proven ability to perform comprehensive root-cause analyses while diagnosing, optimizing, and establishing secure, robust information sharing.  • Talent for quickly learning new information, procedures, and technologies.  • Provide strong customer-service while communicating in a technical but user-friendly language. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Ensono June 2019 to Present • Utilized a multitude of security tools in the form of SEIM(LogRhythm), Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems(Cisco Firepower), Symantec End User Protection, and Cisco Umbrella(DNS security) to monitor systems of over a dozen client servers and networks, administrate corporate user policies, and respond to alerts to prevent potential data security breaches  • Respond to company emails regarding potential phishing attacks and investigate accordingly utilizing Office 365 Security and Compliance  • Assisted senior analysts and management update security policies and company documentation utilizing cyber threat intelligence and NIST guidelines.  • Conduct phishing tests over the phone and through email on various members of the I.T help desk to ensure that security standards are being followed. Security Consultant UCAN Chicago February 2019 to June 2019 • Identified critical network vulnerabilities over 50 assets containing sensitive payment and HIPAA data using manual and automated tools such as Nessus and Nmap  • Used suite of Kali Linux tools, fully documented vulnerability assessment process from rules of engagement to penetration testing with proof of concept, remediation suggestion and execution of patching  • Collaborated in team-oriented environment, to provide oral and written information security reports  • Focus on identifying specific tools techniques and procedures used in attacks and trends to rate capability and intent    Environment: 80% Linux, 20% Windows Operations Administrator FedEx October 2007 to February 2019 Assisted management, package handlers, and drivers with dock related administrative tasks. Assisted customers both in-person and over the phone administrative tasks related to orders. Education Bachelor of Arts in History and Political Science Chicago State University - Chicago, IL 2016 Skills SECURITY, WEB SERVICES, NESSUS, QUALYS, SNORT, SPLUNK, WIRESHARK, CISCO, FIREWALLS, INCIDENT RESPONSE, NETWORKING, TCP/IP, VIRTUALIZATION, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, PYTHON, SCRIPTING, TCP, INTRUSION, LINUX, SYMANTEC, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, SQL, HTML, Active Directory