Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Professional Experience Inver Grove Heights, MN • Summary: Over 30 years of experience in the Information Security Industry, helped to create the Information Security Policies, Risk Management and architectural design for the Department of Homeland Security Counter-Terrorism Program in Washington, D.C. Worked with the Director of National Intelligence Information Sharing Working Group to ensure regulatory and compliance with all agencies. Ensured NIST, HIPAA and PCI standards using custom vulnerability management scans based on OS, WMI calls, files, applications, services or other custom needs. Configured firewalls for servers, desktops and worked with network teams. Implemented production level security from desktops to servers including firewalls, endpoint protection, encryption, anti-virus, installing certificates (client and server), implementing SSL, implementing Vulnerability scans and remediation (Patch Management) for OS, files, services, registry and other needs.  • Risk Assessment: Established Risk Management program to include custom common control framework for Allina Health. Performed qualitative risk assessments and quantitative risk assessments as well as mitigated risk for high risk environments like CLASSIFIED systems within the intelligence agencies such as DIA, NSA and CIA. Contributed to Risk Management assessments to prevent any compromise or loss of critical data. Built cross-discipline team for all future support throughout the government classified networks to ensure level 3 support in remote facilities would not compromise data.   • Compliance: Established repeated process for conducting compliance reviews for Allina Health, through the use of GRC tools. Conducted compliance review of IBM new facilities and systems that support government classified systems and changed the architecture to meet requirements.   • Privacy: Developed and published Department of Homeland Security Data Privacy Policy and was responsible for building the case for hiring their first ever Chief Privacy Officer.   • Audit Experience: Performed audits of IT departments in every position held within the last 15 years to evaluate operational practices and quickly correct any vulnerabilities with training and operational awareness briefings. Auditing is a continuous process within the government information assurance protocols.  • Vendor Security Assessments: Established a Vendor Risk Management Program for Allina Health. Spent five years in Department of Homeland Security assessing vendors for long term solutions to integration of systems throughout the interagency. Personally involved with the SDLC process, evaluating the vendor according to the requirements and best selection to meet ongoing needs.   • CISSP, CISA, or Similar Certification: Does not have CISSP, but possesses the experience and trained to overall manage security programs for IT Systems. Pursuing a CISM Fall 2019. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst Allina Health February 2017 to Present Establishing policies, Control Framework, GRC tool (RSAM) and conducting risk assessments. Senior IT Risk Analyst Hollstadt & Associates March 2016 to June 2016 Worked in Delta IT Risk, building an Enterprise Risk Management Program Senior Security Analyst Target Corporation June 2015 to March 2016 Worked in Target Technical Services Risk Treatment Team ensuring security requirements and remediation of all assets are applied meeting company security standards and policies Security Consultant (Hollstadt Consultant) Target Corporation September 2014 to June 2015 Represent Target Technical Services Security Architect Team facilitating the alignment of business initiatives with company security standards and policies, ensuring Financial and Retail Services are meeting security requirements Senior, Information Systems Security Manager IBM April 2009 to April 2011 Managed the development, implementation, and maintenance of the organization's IT security, establishing two facilities in support of DOD contract. IT and Intelligence Analyst CACI (DHS) - Washington, DC April 2004 to April 2009 Program Security Manager Triumph Technology, Inc November 2003 to April 2004 Responsible for daily management, oversight, and administration of security systems, infrastructure, personnel, vendors, information, and awareness. Establishing two facilities in support of the Office of the Secretary of Defense Senior Intelligent Analyst/First Sergeant US Army November 1983 to January 2004 20 years of progressive leadership in Security and Intelligence Education Computer Science Coursework University of St. Thomas December 2016 Bachelor of Arts in Individualized Studies Metropolitan State University Skills Security, training Military Service Branch: US Army Service Country: United States Rank: SFC November 1983 to January 2004