Systems Access Manager Systems Access Manager Systems Access Manager - INTLFCStone Inc West Des Moines, IA Accomplished IT professional with over 14 years' experience possessing advanced computer skills and support for Windows, DOS, and Web Based systems. Exceptional analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with remote desktop experience to resolve issues related to applications, printers and connectivity. Key team member in several migration projects. Follows instructions and works well with other people, in small groups or in large communities; effectively works across all levels of the organization. Exceptional documentation skills/high attention to detail; document work procedures to create standard operating procedures used for training of future employees. Strong ability to manage and prioritize multiple task loads and possess excellent organizational, written and oral communication skills.    Functional Summary    Business Analysis Project Management Technical Specifications  Business Requirements System Integration Systems Auditing  QA Testing Software Release Upgrades Training and Mentoring  Functional Spec Design Enterprise System Installation System Conversions Work Experience Systems Access Manager INTLFCStone Inc - Des Moines, IA 2017 to Present Increase SLA percentages from a constant breach status to averaging a current 97% SLA  ? Improve On-Boarding/Off-Boarding process to improve user experience and mitigate risk  ? Collaborate with global stakeholders to centralize administration of systems and processes  ? Built process document library that was non-existent into over 300 documents to date  ? Manage day to day operations and escalations, prioritize and delegate as needed  ? Attend IAM conferences (Gartner) in preparation for upcoming IAM project/implementation  ? Own and facilitate QAR (Quarterly Access Review) each quarter  ? Centralize application administration of over 55 systems resulting in >300% growth  ? Provided on-going direction, coaching, training and development opportunities to staff members, enabling ability to build new skills and increase engagement  ? Provide reports for performance and activity metrics to upper leadership and board  ? Assembled current Information Security team from a 2-person operation locally to a 6-member team globally giving true 24-hour coverage  ? Implement on-call rotation to ensure escalated request/incidents get addressed in a timely manner  ? Increase productivity by automating non-value-added tasks  ? Attend and help manage IAM team daily stand-ups and provide direction where needed  ? Begin building and documenting Role Based Access (RBAC) prior to new IAM system Information Security Analyst Farm Bureau - FBL - Des Moines, IA 2016 to 2017 Creating/terminating agents and groups within Identity Access Management system and Active Directory within a 24-hour period  ? Assigning/de-assigning security groups  ? Create/remove mailboxes, network directories, GAL's and distribution lists running PowerShell scripts  ? Provision user access within Mainframe, IAM (ITIM), Active Directory and multiple other systems  ? Create Identity Access Management process documentation for systems  ? Grant local administrator rights to company PC's  ? Manage Service Now work tasks within EIP to ensure progress is being made and tasks are being closed in a timely manner  ? Troubleshooting access issues based on priority  ? Improve and implement SharePoint processes IT Security Analyst LCS - Des Moines, IA 2014 to 2016 Maintained and closed security (user provisioning) tickets in a timely manner  ? Administered and managed various IT technologies including Active Directory, VPN (F5), SharePoint, Cherwell and LincDoc  ? Collaborated with key stakeholders to develop and implement security best practices  ? Performed audits to ensure security best practices are adhered to by personnel for approximately 130 communities and 10 systems  ? Participated in the implementation of security initiatives and special projects  ? Researched and recommended IT security enhancements  ? Performed risk assessments and testing of data processing systems  ? Successfully migrated email archiving from IMAP to SMTP protocol  ? Led and implemented new electronic security forms into a web interface to automate and improve security forms process  ? Core team member in IT top project list to replace current IT Ticketing System; took on administrative role upon deployment  ? Team member; ensured the successful upgrade of encryption software to guarantee the correct security policies/settings were in place Custom Case Manager JELD - Grinnell, IA 2010 to 2014 Managed up to and over 200 claims for door warranty issues  ? Provided customer support for any door warranty claims  ? Solved computer issues for team regarding company software and hardware  ? Trained and mentored new employees  ? Conducted data analysis for all employee phone communications to pinpoint workloads for employee evaluations and responsibility distribution  ? Developed standard operating procedures for new processes  ? Completed technical projects as assigned by the department manager or senior leadership  ? Troubleshoot/problem solve any door manufacturing issues or customer service complaints or questions  ? Multitasking phone calls, files, projects and tasks on a day to day basis  ? Project leader for Home Depot - No Cost Purchase Order implementation Computer Technician/ Analyst and Business Owner NTS - Lynnville, IA 2007 to 2013 Small Office-Home Office PC setup, desktop support, network connectivity troubleshooting and router configuration  ? XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 support and migration  ? PC cleanup for Virus and Malware attacks, including security upgrades  ? Prioritized customer demands and managed accounting books for business Business Analyst Grinnell Mutual Reinsurance Company - Grinnell, IA 2005 to 2010 Created test plans, standards and tested new software versions and releases  ? Provided professional and technical customer support for mutual's and agents  ? Coordinated the analysis, design and implementation of changes to GIS systems and products required to meet customer demand  ? Worked with GIS development to refine software design to make it usable, easy to install and support  ? Created documentation for the use and installation of all GIS software  ? Updated, coordinated and designed for myQuoting.com internet site  ? Implemented requested changes to web-based programs in web software and SQL Server 2005  ? Designed test matrixes for all supported software products  ? Identified key testing scenarios  ? Worked with developers on failed tests and fix issues before uploading changes to production server  ? Lead for production updating and transferring data, via SQL queries/injections to live website database    Computer Experience/Skills  AutoCAD PowerPoint myQuoting SharePoint Access  Adobe Pro Visio Citrix Oasis Windows Reports  MiniTab Map+ pc Anywhere Photoshop Infinity GTS, SPC  Word Outlook Symantec Excel Windows Operating Systems  Barracuda Oracle Google Systems RDP LincDoc  Sophos LogMeIn Symex Oracle URM Cherwell join.me 2005 to 2005 MaaS 360 Bomgar Service Now Hyena IBM-ITIM (TIM)  ADManager + OpsGenie Freshservice Skills Active Directory