Business Analyst/ IT Consultant Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/ <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Business Analyst/ IT Consultant - TSD Consulting, LLC Overland Park, KS ? Proven business, information technology, call center analyst & management consultant that leverages technical knowledge and hands on understanding of SDLC methodologies, process improvement and documentation to deliver innovative business solutions by liaising between business, IT and vendors    ? Established effective cross-functional communicator and consensus builder with established leadership experience  ? Experienced in the design, implementation, conversion and delivery of EMR, Billing, CRM, Order Management, Provisioning, Product Management, Computing, Business (BSS) and Operational Support Systems (OSS) systems Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst/ IT Consultant TSD Consulting, LLC - Kansas City, MO June 2004 to Present Implement Computer, Network, Data, CRM, Ecommerce & Security Solutions  ? Document current and future state process flows and technology process enhancements  ? Develop software, hardware and process modeling & training documentation for digital transformation Analyst TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS February 2016 to June 2018 Provided daily direction, mentoring and recognition that heightened call center team morale and increased performance  ? Reported call center(SLA, Resolution, Action, Number, Duration, Type, etc.) center metrics to Admin  ? Obtained expertise in six new legacy & web-based software programs  ? Achieved 100% Litmos Healthcare (HIPPA & OSHA) Compliance (2016 & 2017)  ? Successfully championed asset improvement that positively affected call center employee health, morale and performance  ? Successfully escalated inbound calls that assured customer service quality levels met or exceeded patient & provider expectations  ? Authored Call Center (Operation & Scheduling) Training & Reference Materials  ? Successfully trained 15 new hires & Cross Trained Inter-Departmental Schedulers and Operators  ? Elicited and Documented(Mapped) 18 Operations & 87 Scheduling Processes Project Manager TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS April 2012 to July 2012 Successfully Managed Reporting & Data Warehouse, JDE Migration, Data Retention conversion projects for Boost, ASW & VMU  ? PMO coordinator for Prepaid Conversion Testing Defect Manager TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS May 2011 to November 2011 - Overland Park, Kansas - May, 2011 - November, 2011  ? Successfully managed identification, prioritization and resolution of hundreds of testing defects  ? Developed metrics reporting for multiple business lanes across UAT & CCAT  ? Managed multiple conference bridges for all sev1 & sev2 defects, latency and outages Program Coordinator TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS November 2009 to March 2010 Delivered ten strategic initiatives across three markets for broadband/telecom clients in supporting merger, acquisition & conversion activities  ? Managed gap analysis and gap closure for multiple market conversions  ? Managed Share Point OSS conversion documentation  ? Created & Presented C-Level daily dashboards Senior Business Analyst TSD Consulting, LLC - Monroe, LA February 2009 to October 2009 Successfully created Vision & Scope, Software Requirements Specification and Technical design documents for multiple projects across three conversion releases  ? Facilitated formal documentation reviews, garnered Executive and Stakeholder approval and signoff for elicited requirements Senior Business Analyst TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS November 2007 to April 2008 - Overland Park, KS - Herndon, VA - November, 2007 - April, 2008  ? Successfully delivered five major projects for release 8  ? Managed Share Point R8 documentation that ensured 100% SOX compliance  ? Performed QA traceability of five sets of white Papers, impact assessments and vision & scope documents, hundreds of elicited requirements & test cases that ensured the quality and accuracy of the code being deployed Senior Business Analyst TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS November 2006 to October 2007 - Overland Park, KS - Herndon, VA - November, 2006 - October, 2007  ? Developed 3rd party vendor quality process for the design, development & testing phases for the Sprint Enterprise Application Governance team  ? Successfully delivered 13 major projects for releases 3 & 5  ? Managed Share Point R3 & R5 documentation that ensured 100% SOX compliance  ? Provided QA traceability of thirteen sets of white Papers, impact assessments and vision & scope documents, hundreds of elicited requirements & test cases that ensured the quality and accuracy of the code being deployed Senior Business Analyst Goshen Services, LLC - Overland Park, KS July 2006 to October 2006 Successfully delivered People Soft Financial Integration for Non Consumer Billing, Collections, AR & Credit  ? SME for Interactive Advertising Bureau contract Terms & Conditions and Amdocs PRMS billing system  ? Created Financial & Billing process flows, Insertion Orders, Contracts & Invoices  ? Achieved 100% Sarbanes Oxley compliance by identifying, researching and modifying processes to ensure 100% transparent integration  ? Developed Project Madison's data dictionary ensuring inclusion of all data elements as the main driver for eliciting requirements for the long term architecture development processes  ? Coordinated Financial Integration's and Project Madison's action item and gap closure IT Security Analyst TSD Consulting, LLC - Overland Park, KS August 2005 to July 2006 Successfully provisioned 40,000+ legacy Nextel Employees on 40+ Sprint legacy applications by liaising with Business / application POCs and provisioning partners  ? Coordinated 24/7 issue resolution that reduced rework costs and exceed IDM War Room service level agreements  ? Streamlined the IDM partner provisioning tool and processes that decreased provisioning times in access of 40%  ? Achieved 100% Sarbanes Oxley audit compliance through Sprint Corporate Security guidelines  ? Developed IT / Corporate Security actionable strategies for knowledge and role responsibility transfer from the IDM War Room to The Enterprise Solutions Center  ? Managed Application Deployment Schedules that ensured successful testing, deployment and warranty  ? Coordinated system test scenarios (cases) re-engineering and creation of for SNIP & IDM SOX Provisioning Analyst JM Neil & Associates Consulting @ Sprint PCS - Overland Park, KS April 2005 to August 2005 Utilized network systems and web-based applications to acquire design specifications for field operations, access providers, circuit installation, testing, activation and reporting  ? Managed circuit design, engineering, ordering required access, and scheduling work activities for hundreds of DS1 EVDO circuits  ? Completed issue resolution reducing costs and exceeding corporate & vendor SLA's Business Analyst JM Neil & Associates Consulting @ Sprint PCS - Overland Park, KS October 2003 to March 2004 Liaised between business, IT and the vendors by facilitating requirement, whitepaper & impact assessment JAD reviews  ? Scribed, published and reported assigned issue/action item resolution  ? Managed project financials through creating and auditing internal LOE' Project Analyst Revenue Management Systems September 2000 to October 2003 Created 3rd Party Software completion Plan that reduced costs by ensuring timely upgrades, purchases, releases and implementations  ? Successfully managed RMS project costing and financial reporting  ? Elicited & Managed 3000+ business, functional, system, testing and conversion requirements for multiple projects  ? Managed IT program delivery team documentation for multiple major projects and releases  ? Lead the IT Software Quality Assurance & Testing effort that increased compliance and quality from 70% to 100%  ? Created & presented departmental project status reporting for objectives & milestones  ? Successfully managed reference tables and customer data for customer GUI's/GUI team  ? Developed project/release transitioning process updates that ensured gap identification and closure Project Analyst Sprint Spectrum - Overland Park, KS September 1998 to August 2000 Successfully project managed discovery, resource retention, relocation, operation, conversion and shutdown of the APC (Sprint Spectrum) GSM billing  ? Partnered with Customer Care Business Architects to successfully elicit requirements for the Amdocs billing system & GUI  ? Mentored and provided subject matter expertise for CDMA and GSM technologies to direct report consultants and business analysts  ? Enhanced & managed the wholesale (PLS) platform by automating processes and reporting that ensured accurate and timely billing Billing Analyst Invoice Verification & Bill Cycle Management December 1997 to August 1998 Led bill cycle processing and testing for business, consumer and pre-paid billing platforms revenue assurance  ? Rewarded departmental recognition for leading cross functional efforts of fraud/error identification, resolution and training that saved one million plus dollars in lost revenue  ? Chosen to present monthly departmental process automation ideation and recommendations to director levels Education Bachelor of Science in Exercise Science & Business University of Iowa - Iowa City, IA Masters Certificate in Management The George Washington University - Washington, DC Foss Training Center - Leawood, KS Skills SQL, Excel, testing, access, Microsoft Office, Business Intelligence, Powerpoint, MS Office Additional Information Skill Set  Process: Business Analysis, Project Management, Facilitation, Consulting, Change Management, Quality Assurance, Testing, Vendor Management, Documentation(BRD, FRD, SRD, White Paper, Vision & Scope), Coordination, Administrative, Provisioning, IT Security, Reporting    Methodology: Agile, ITIL, Waterfall, Scrum    Software: Windows, OS X, Lotus Notes, Access, Excel, Agile, Word, PowerPoint, Project, Outlook, Visio, SharePoint, Documentum, Toad, Rational Rose, Remedy, Impromptu, Centricity, InDesign, Service Center, Casewise, Doors, Acrobat, Wisdom, Citrix, FMS, Tableau, FACTS, Test Director, MS Dynamics CRM, Premiere, Doc-Share, Change Synergy, Quality Center, MARTENS Suite (OSG & TRACS), Clarity, SQL, JIRA, Kryptic