Service Manager/ IT Change Manager Service Manager/<span class="hl">IT</span> Change Manager Service Manager/ IT Change Manager - NTT Data Remote Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Service Manager/ IT Change Manager NTT Data 2017 to Present Change Management:  • Subject matter expert for ITIL change management processes  • Review changes and advise of missing information and change approvals before CAB  • Facilitate CAB meetings  • Provide final approval after changes are approved in the CAB meeting  • Provide change management training to ensure the ITIL change management process is understood and followed  • Create daily change report (excel) to be discussed in the morning operations call  • Run change reports and advise via email to ensure changes are moving from draft to closed state.  • Work with service desk when they have escalations or questions regarding incidents  • Backup for processing expedited changes    On Call:  • Primary contact for outages. Facilitate bridge and work with IT support groups to get resolution of the outages  • Send end user communications for downtime/user impact during changes so users are aware when applications/systems are not available.    Back up for Incident Management:  • Create morning operations report and e-mail to attendees. The report includes incidents and changes that need to be reviewed.  • Facilitate the morning operations call to discuss the incidents and outages for the prior day and any upcoming changes  • Process incident and request reports and communicate via email for aging ticket process.  • Facilitate biweekly aging meeting to discuss the aging states of incidents and requests    Back up for Problem Management:  • Create problem tickets from priority 2 Incidents  • Facilitate problem meeting to discuss the aging states of problem tickets  • Process weekly metrics report for client Business Analyst/ IT Change Manager Fiserv 2014 to 2017 • Provided support as Fiserv migrated to service now application for creating changes as well as the other applications still being used (facets, remedy)  • Reviewed, updated, and authorized changes across all Fiserv datacenters, ensuring changes were approved and implemented within the change process timeline.  • Facilitated CAB meetings which improved knowledge of changes across different business units.  • Processed audits and formatted reports for auditors, ensuring team was quality driven.  • Created detailed documents for team members to process daily tasks, increasing quality and efficiency. Security Analyst Fiserv 2012 to 2014 • Monitored security events correlated by the security incident and event manager (SIEM) application.  • Researched security events (examples: malware, botnets, network scanning for vulnerabilities, blue coat, exploits). Alerts were generated by both internal employees and external elements.  • Worked closely with incident management, forensics staff, and data loss prevention (DLP) team.  • Created and implemented change controls.  • Utilized SharePoint and PowerPoint, creating training and knowledge sharing documents. Senior Technical Analyst / Enterprise Service Desk Fiserv 2007 to 2012 • First point-of-contact for internal and external clients to Fiserv.  • Researched to isolate issues from a number of entities (network, distributed, mainframe, files, applications, and phone).  • Created new processes and update current processes for the team / company's knowledge database.  • Deep understanding of ITIL change control process to facilitate daily maintenance windows.  • Monitored system resources via wallboard alerts.  • Facilitated bridge / conference calls for all outages.  • Cross-trained for 24/7 coverage.  • Created training documentation for new analysts  • Helped develop support contact processes for new clients.    TECHNICAL & SPECIALIZED SKILLS  ITIL V3, Service Now, BMC Analytics, Remedy, Facets, Verizon Webex, Cisco Webex, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office 365, Administration & Operations, RDP to client site Education Bachelor's Skills Exchange, Customer Service