IT Helpdesk Support Analyst-Part Time <span class="hl">IT</span> Helpdesk Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span>-Part Time IT Professional-20 years Angola, IN To obtain a challenged position in an administrative setting. One that will let me challenge my computer knowledge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Helpdesk Support Analyst-Part Time Cameron Community Hospital - Angola, IN December 2018 to Present -Help desk phone support and triage calls to second level support if they can’t be completed by first level support.   -Complete IT projects as assigned.  -Maintain IT ticket system Access and Provisioning Management Analyst-Contract TEK Systems - Parkview Health Systems - Fort Wayne, IN June 2018 to June 2019 • User Provisioning for new hires and terminations for employees, business associates, contractors, volunteers and physicians.    • Exchange, Office 365, Active Directory    • Create, Setup, and Maintain Exchange Distribution Groups    • Troubleshoot process flow between automation systems    • Process and maintain workflow in ticket system Windows Administrator/Desktop Support Technician Farmers State Bank - Lagrange, IN July 2017 to June 2018 • Helpdesk Support, PC Tech Functions    • As400 Assistance to Users    • Windows Admin Functions    • Firewall Administration    • Work with Vendors to perform upgrades and troubleshoot network.    • Perform PM duties for projects IT Security Analyst Henry Ford Allegiance Health - Jackson, MI January 2004 to July 2017 - Health Information Systems - Application Services  • Audit and cleanup of the AS-400 access given to users to access patient health information.  • Coordinate meetings and organize team activities.  • Interact with team members to gather data and report monthly stats to manager.  • Lead person on updating, organizing, and interacting with other departments on streamlining the new hire process.  • Responsible for providing inservice for other teams on our primary software.  • Administer Master Security File Maintenance for the AS-400.  • Set up users and troubleshoot access for users for various software not limited to Exchange/Outlook, Pro click, AS-400, E-Term, Physician's Portal, Bedboard, Teletracking, Active Directory, Kronos and PHS. Administer File Permission and AD Group creation as requested.  • Help write and edit procedures and policies that are used by the department and hospital wide.  • Help with system upgrades. Maintain and manage guest network thru Fortinet.  • Log all troubleshooting and time in the Cherwell tracking system for future reference. Previously used HEAT for service request tracking.  • Add all new employees to the above systems as needed for their job role. Terminate all employee in the systems listed above upon notice from HR.  • Audit multiple systems for accuracy of data. Participate in yearly E&Y audit.  • Assist with automation process of information for our Active Directory system.    PC Tech - Health Information Systems - Client Services  • Troubleshoot all Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office Desktop and Installation problems.  • Set up devices (desktop/laptop) per hospital standards for users.  • Install various other programs for users, including Lotus Notes, Client Service, Adobe Reader/Writer, and HEAT.  • Record all data in the HEAT software for tracking purposes.  • Maintain inventory on all PC's and accessories.  • Troubleshoot some printer problems with devices based on the user level. Education Diploma Albion High School - Albion, MI Associate's Degree in Business Administration Kellogg Community College - Battle Creek, MI MCSA Baker College - East Lansing, MI Bachelor in Business Administration Baker College of Jackson - Jackson, MI Skills EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE (10+ years), OUTLOOK (10+ years), WORD, EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS, Data Entry, access, Management, database, Active Directory, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Service Desk, Tech Support, MAC Additional Information Skills & Interests  Proficient skills in Microsoft Office Professional (including Word, Excel, Outlook) thru Office 2007 and Windows up to V2007, Experience in Small Business software. Ie. Quickbooks. Excellent Communication Skills, Public Relation Skills, and Good Work Ethics.