Lead Enterprise Risk Assessor Lead Enterprise Risk Assessor Lead Enterprise Risk Assessor - Avanade Chicago, IL * Designed and successfully pitched highly effective enterprise-level security methods, strategies, metrics, and systems to C-Level decision makers for global organizations across industries. Consistently ensured uncompromised confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets while streamlining operations and reducing costs.  * Recognized for developing thorough understanding of existing organizational standards to ensure optimal utilization of available technology and compliance with ever-changing regulatory landscape.  * Collaborative leader, history of drawing on expertise across disciplines and business units to define security requirements, identify vulnerabilities, devise risk frameworks, track specific issues, and articulate solutions that increase security across environments.  * History of devising standards that significantly improve management and operational security.  * Proven epxertise mapping exception requests to business processes and requirements, facilitiating data-driven decisions regarding approval and denaial. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Enterprise Risk Assessor Avanade - Chicago, IL February 2017 to May 2019 * Oversee enterprise risk assessments including OneTrust Development Team Security Risk Assessment Section, GRC Team Security Risk Assessments, and Works Council Security Risk Assessments. Identify and evaluate internal controls which mitigate complex risks. Articulate opportunities for internal control improvement. Implement and utilize technology-based security testing tools and methodologies, synthesize results, and recommend technical remediation. Conduct weekly senior-level security meetings.  * Provide expert guidance to team of Security Risk Specialists who perform high-risk assessments and to update enterprise-wide Risk Assessment Process Project. Evaluate, create, and retire metrics for risk assessments.  * Instruct internal professionals (remote and on-site) in ITIL v3 at Foundation and Practitioner levels.  * Spearhead Security Assessment Process Documentation and Education Initiatives.  ? Re-designed risk assessment processes (reducing size by 66%)  ? Collaborated on development of leading-edge Risk Assessment Methodology and Strategic Road Map for Risk Assessment Process.  ? Provided vital expertise and strategy development on NIST SP 800-53 Control Alignment Project Team. Senior Security Analyst Walgreens - Deerfield, IL May 2016 to December 2016 * Conducted internal Risk Assessments and verified HIPAA regulations and PCI security standards were met.  * Oversaw various enterprise-level security initiatives. Evaluated, recommended and documented necessary security controls. Devised, articulated, and led innovative solutions to emergent risks and issues.  * Reviewed contracts to ensure proper IT security language.  ? Developed and implemented successful Kan-Ban board for Security Project Monitoring  ? Received letter of recognition from CISO for above-and-beyond contributions to security of enterprise financial project. IT Security Professional Private Contractor ITSM January 1994 to February 2016 Clients included Dell SecureWorks, Leo Burnett, Eli Lilly, Electronic Arts (EA), Westell Technology, Thomson Medical Economics, CAP Digital, Art Institute of Chicago, Arch-Diocese of Chicago, Cahners Publishing, Peace International (USA Customs), Global Knowledge, ITIL Works, and other organizations.  * Interfaced with diverse range of clients to perform IT system audits and conduct feasibility studies, risk assessments, business continuity, and disaster recovery initiatives.  * Managed and led all phases of various projects. Defined scope, gathered requirements, and devised implementation strategies that achieved customer objectives. Worked individually and with security teams to define security requirements, identify vulnerabilities, track specific issues/concerns, and provide solutions to create a secure environment. Managed multiple projects simultaneously and conducted project QA reviews. Reported directly to stakeholders regarding project status and achieved benchmarks.  * Conducted and provided security profile and analysis reports. Recommended IT department policies and strategies that measurably streamlined operations and reduced costs.  * Led development of enterprise-wide security infrastructure designs. Researched, developed and recommended architectural policies and practices that supported infrastructure growth. Defined and documented educational institution's IT security program, policies, and procedures.  * Led teams to conduct client-specific Business Impact Analysis and Risk Assessments. Authored Disaster Recovery Documents and Business Continuity Plans.  * Devised and implemented backup systems, schemas, and procedures to ensure security and operation of critical business applications, systems, and infrastructures.  * Led and directed teams conducting Root Cause Analysis to identify and resolve IDM environment issues.  * Assisted numerous clients throughout comprehensive overhauls of IT infrastructures, while maintaining Quality of Service and reducing operating costs.  * Performed risk assessments and system audits to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and quality of information. Identified attack vectors and recommended data-based changes that resolved issues.  * Trained and mentored users in understanding security protocols and best practices for system security and server efficiency. Documented security and emergency policies, procedures, and testing strategies.  ? Designed a custom metric tracking spreadsheet automatically populated by SQL query utilizing 24+ unique formulas and pivot tables to yield actionable data.  ? Planned and coordinated server architecture migration project. Transferred from mixed Microsoft Server / Apple environment to the Microsoft Windows Server platform.  ? Oversaw the development and implementation of two secure mobile laptop laboratories.  ? Drove process to design, build and implement SCO UNIX server that supported the migration of proprietary custom warehouse management system to FreeBSD custom-built high availability server. Education Master of Science in Information Systems Security in management DePaul University - Chicago, IL 2011 Bachelor of Science in Photographic Process and Systems Management in Photographic Process and Systems Management Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY 1994 Skills Cobit, Data loss prevention, Disaster recovery, Glba, Hipaa Additional Information Core Competencies  * IT Security Controls & Design  * GLBA, SOX, HIPAA, TOAF, NIST, PCI  * Gap Analysis / Presentation  * Vulnerability Testing / Social Engineering  * Vendor Security Risk Assessments  * Governance, Risk, & Compliance    * Risk Assessments & Audits  * Key Performance Metrics  * IT Security Policy Dev.  * Regulatory Compliance  * COBIT / TOGAF, ISO 27001  * ITIL v3 Process    * Technical Documentation  * Information Assurance  * Disaster Recovery  * Data Loss Prevention  * Server Room Design  * GDPR    Technical Skills  Platforms Kali Linux, Microsoft Windows  Applications  Solar Winds Engineering Tool Kit, Wireshark, Nessus, Net Scan Tools Pro, Nmap, McAfee Symantec Security, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio), Oracle VirtualBox, VMWare    Networks  TCP/IP, ATM, PPoE, PPoA, IPX/SPX, Microsoft Visio for Network Maps, Netcom 2000, RedBack 1000 SMS, IP Addressing, CATS / Fiber, ITIL v3