Program Manager & Project Manager III, Information Technology Program Manager &amp; Project Manager III, Information Technology Program and Project Management Professional Highlands Ranch, CO Program and Project Manager skilled in information technology with 20+ years of experience. Proficient in strategically managing programs, projects and staff to maximize resource use, cost effectiveness, and management engagement, from concept to completion. Skilled at providing vision and leadership to align programs to corporate goals, while identifying and mitigating risks to the enterprise environments. Proficient at vendor relationship management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager & Project Manager III, Information Technology Catholic Health Initiatives - Englewood, CO 2011 to Present IT Transformation Program - Program encompasses 15+ IT infrastructure projects focused on updating aging hospital systems across network, telephony, server, and application spaces.  • Managed realignment of high-profile enterprise IT Transformation Program from external  control to an internally driven, governed, and managed program to align with corporate  fiscal goals and decreasing program overhead costs.  • Engaged senior executives to align program goals with corporate strategy.  • Performed detailed analysis with data collection across 15+ individual project tracks to identify current state and develop plans for future state.  • Reduced program budget from $150 million to $90 million through detailed analysis and strategic planning by eliminating non-essential program scope.  Clinical Application Projects - IT Projects used in the clinical environment directly related to patient care, practitioner and hospital staff daily functions. Manage communication channels between  Senior CHI staff and external Cerner implementation teams. Ensure CHI is properly engaged, and on track to complete CHI responsibilities to maintain external schedule alignment. Projects include:  • Cerner Code Upgrade Projects  o Upgrading 2 instances to new code bases  o Implementation of new Cerner Deployment  • Cerner Clairvia Upgrade and deployment of new functionality  • Dragon Medical Network Enterprise Edition upgrade  IT Security Project Management - Manage corporate-wide information technology initiatives across infrastructure, security, and application management.  • Control project scope, resources, scheduling and budget.  • Provide weekly reporting to Enterprise Project Management Office on progress, including  milestones, staffing levels, go lives, changes, issues and risks.  • Engage technical department managers and directors, and regional CIOs in project process.  • Manage timelines and workloads with resources across technical departments spanning  different geographic regions.  • Major projects managed included: Access Request System Implementation, Clinical  Application Access, User Access Recertification, and Privileged Account Management. PSIA Level II Certified Ski Instructor, Part Time VAIL RESORTS, Breckenridge Ski and Snowboard School - Breckenridge, CO 2011 to Present Provide Experience of a Lifetime to guests of Breckenridge Ski School. Support the ski school with part time and holiday help for group and private lessons. Teach guests skiing skills to instill a lifelong love of skiing, while promoting mountain safety and having fun on the slopes. Provide detailed coaching throughout the process of skill introduction, assessment, goal setting, instruction, practice, checking for understanding, and feedback. Promote return business and received numerous  customer requests. Program Manager, IT Security Compliance G&B Solutions, Inc - Lakewood, CO 2010 to 2011 Managed projects for the Department of the Interior National Business Center. Identified and minimized risk to the organization through successful NIST Certification and Accreditation process. Monitored Plan of Actions & Milestones ensuring vulnerabilities were resolved by technical teams. Managed 15 direct reports overseeing day-to-day operations, and team workload planning and execution. Responsive for performance reviews, hiring and firing.  • Streamlined project scheduling and reporting, and developed new reporting tools that  increased management understanding of complex system security risk management and acceptance issues.  • Successfully administered and met deadlines on 15 projects, for certification of unique  systems and an annual internal control review project which encompassed 32 systems. IT Compliance Analyst SYSTest - Denver, CO 2009 to 2009 Provided security testing to customers through the stages of reconnaissance, network mapping, penetration testing, and remediation. Documented security test procedures. Ensured compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Developed compliance and test reports for customer. Guided and supported the lab team through policy, procedure, best practices, and quality improvement changes. Developed secure images for use in test labs. Interacted directly with clients to ensure customer satisfaction with testing efforts and final compliance reporting. IT Security Program Manager MODIS - Colorado Springs, CO 2007 to 2008 Designed Corporate Security Program around industry best practices, PCI compliance, NIST, HIPAA, and ISO 17799/27001/27002 standards. Coordinated across all levels of the organization and all IT departments to facilitate program interconnectivity. Created and presented presentations to stakeholders and to director level management. Managed infrastructure project initiatives by utilizing SDLC. Applied ITIL framework as appropriate to security program design. Designed, wrote, and obtained approval for IT Policies, Standards, Processes, and Procedures. IT Security Lead & Senior Security Analyst HALLIBURTON - Houston, TX 1996 to 2007 Education Bachelor's in Business Management & Business Analysis Texas A&M University - College Station, TX May 1996 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/brianstevenholder Certifications/Licenses PMP October 2010 to October 2019 Project Management Institute - Project Management Professional ITIL Foundation Present