Senior Information Security Analyst/Interim Team Manager Senior Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Interim Team Manager CISSP and CISM Certified Charleston, SC Work Experience Senior Information Security Analyst/Interim Team Manager Medical University of South Carolina - Charleston, SC March 2019 to Present Was brought on to lead the administration and policy development for Proofpoint email security and FireEye Security devices. Served as Interim Team Manager to lead a five person team in performance and project management. Worked to mentor and help younger team members who were new to Information Security and build their skill sets.   • Worked with IDMS to streamline processes and evaluate Enterprise grade IDMS products to be used in the future  • Worked with the Incident Response team to maintain IR toolsets and increase their visibility to network and endpoint traffic  • Performed system administration functions for multiple systems including the suite of FireEye products (HX, NX, CM, VX) as well as building out Proofpoint DLP and Secure Email functions  • Participated in Change Advisory Board meetings and worked with providers to make changes appropriate for the users and provide a high service level Information Security Manager Auburn University - Auburn, AL December 2016 to March 2019 Led the Information Security Team in the development of a University wide  security program for a R1 University. Day to day management of the six  security team members including personnel management, performance management  as well as providing mentoring, technical leadership and strategic direction to the team members and other members of the University IT functions.  Major Accomplishments:  • Organized and led the creation of a Web Application Security program, Strategic  Planning Development, and Vulnerability Management processes  • Assisted the CISO by providing technical expertise, budget planning, and team  training planning.  • Created a partnership with the Auburn University Cyber Research Center in order  to obtain access to hardware and other resources that were previously unavailable.  • Increased Vulnerability Management visibility from 30% to 80% coverage of all  campus systems and devices.  • Created and executed evaluation test plans for product purchases.  • Reduced the amount of PII stored on campus from 90 million instances to less than  3 million.  • Managed all Vendor Vetting requests for software purchases campus wide.  • Performed a border firewall migration project that resulted in less than 5 total  minutes of downtime.  • Distributed Password Manager to all of campus along with training and other  necessary actions to ensure its proper use.  • Negotiated and procured contracts for all campus wide penetration testing  • Developed Security Operations Center led by student employees to help provide  better security services to the campus. Security Manager - Compliance Benefitfocus - Charleston, SC December 2015 to December 2016 Primarily was in charge of creating internal audit, vendor management, and security  audit programs. Led three audits of internal systems including Data Loss Prevention  endpoint protection, access control of client facing applications, and email spam/  phishing/malware protection. Investigated 10+ privacy incident violations of HIPAA  regulations. Worked with INFOSEC team to help institute controls from NIST  from the desk of Lead Engineer Booz Allen Hamilton - Charleston, SC June 2011 to December 2015 NEWTON Cybersecurity Risk Framework. Provided risk analysis on various issues to Senior  Management and the Executive Team.    Lead Engineer, Booz Allen Hamilton Charleston, SC  June 2011-December 2015    Began tenure with Booz Allen as Information Assurance Analyst on the VA's AIDE  program. Led many documentation creation efforts. Was the primary Splunk  engineer to the BAH AIDE team and created searches and reports for the team. Was  tasked with being the IA Lead to the VA4Vets program in 2012 until its departure from AIDE. Began working as Senior FISMA Security Assessor to the Treasury  Department in December of 2012 and participated in multiple SCA events. Led  several QC efforts for IRS SCA work as well as building test plans based on NIST  800-53. Began work as Lead Engineer on the U.S. Navy's Computer Network and Defense Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation team. Lead the programs  development and implementation of a multi-site, clustered, Splunk deployment for log aggregation and analysis. Managed licensing and purchasing for multimillion  dollar Splunk project as well as ensuring that a secure installation was being  deployed. Built secured Red Hat Enterprise Linux server image and designed  installation scripts to ensure DISA STIG security settings were in place. Received 2  Team and Performance awards for work performed for U.S. Department of the Treasury and U.S. Navy. Participated in internal BAH led training exercises and  helped organize efforts to bring other training opportunities to the local office as well as serving on the Charleston Workforce Leadership Council as Co-Lead of the Green  Office Team. Organized and co-led 6 Brown Bag events with speakers and reception for the local Charleston office. IT Specialist Atlantic Bank & Trust - Charleston, SC June 2010 to June 2011 Responded to trouble tickets as they arose and assisted users in remediating issues.  Performed network monitoring and troubleshooting as necessary. Researched new  products for implementation. Administered and troubleshooted VOIP phone system.  Setup and maintained intranet site for employee knowledge sharing and was  administrator for 20+ Windows and Linux based servers. Network Analyst Navigator Development Group - Enterprise, AL October 2008 to June 2011 Began tenure as IT Specialist to an Army client working to upgrade or replace all  computer systems in supported areas of Ft. Rucker, AL. Responded to user needs  and remediated issues when necessary. Developed SQL queries that were used to create weekly financial reports. Was promoted to corporate NDGI office in Fall of  2009 and supported corporate IT systems. Reviewed monthly bills and worked with vendors to reduce IT costs. IT Manager Network Access Consulting - Dothan, AL July 2007 to October 2008 Developed client relationships and worked to insure minimum downtime for clients.  Worked to maximize vendor resources in order to procure software and hardware    from the desk of Network Engineer Veriqik - Dothan, AL February 2007 to July 2007 NEWTON solutions for clients. Interviewed and managed hiring practices for incoming  employees. Updated and maintained all internal documentation and resources.  Network Engineer, Veriqik Dothan, AL  February 2007-July 2007    Managed wide area wireless network resources and performed maintenance as necessary. Setup monthly maintenance reports and checklists to assign ownership for  tasks. Worked with clients to assist them with any networking needs. Education B.S. in Computer Information Systems Troy University - Troy, AL May 2007 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) March 2015 Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) June 2015