IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager IT Manager Lake Worth, FL Work Experience IT Manager Ipic-Goldclass Entertainment October 2018 to June 2019 • Travel to new construction site to perform site surveys, estimate power requirements IT Equipment/network architecture  • Project management including analysis of business requirements from concept to implementation  • Configured/monitored incidents and alerts of suspicious, unauthorized and changed management events based on PCI requirements  • Support Windows 2003-2016/Active Directory/Group Policy/DFS/WSUS, DNS, DHCP design and server virtualization (VMware and/or Hyper-V)  • Design, configure, and troubleshoot computer/network architecture, including LAN, WAN, WLAN, VoIP, and VPN.  • Configure, deploy, optimize, and maintain switches, routers, firewalls, VPN, network appliances, wireless infrastructure controllers  • Coordinate with circuit providers (ISP) to schedule conversions and cutovers to new network without interruption  • Experience with routing and switching, and security standards  • Troubleshoot routing ACL, topologies MPLS, BGP, EIGRP  • Evaluate current network systems; recommend changes in maintenance and network standards; and train support personnel  • Design and integrate multivendor ISP for diversified network topology for high availability  • Manage converged infrastructure incorporating network, storage and virtualization  • Perform root-cause analysis for network and firewall infrastructure service interruption and create preventive measures  • Manage all financial aspects of System/Network including IT budgeting, administrative expenses, and maintenance  • Hybrid AWS cloud Deployment for high availability systems.  • Manage, lead, motivate, mentor team of network/system engineers support desks.  • Create standards and procedures for operating, managing and ensuring security of network infrastructure  • Assist in design, implement security policies, procedures and user security training Security Analyst ASM Research October 2017 to October 2018 CRISP - Continuous Readiness in information Security program within the Department of Veterans Affairs designed to reduce information security risks.    • Perform Senior Level information security duties under the guidance of the information Security Officer for the Veteran  Administration in West Palm Beach, VAMC.  • Maintain continuous monitoring of West Palm Beach VA System Security plan and security controls to meet Cyber security and HIPAA requirements.  • Well versed in Agiliance RiskVision, also known as Government Risk Compliance to follow information security requirements for West Palm Beach VAMC response to Security improvements.  • Assist with security inspections at facility; considered a SME for all NIST 800-53 Controls.  • Perform security controls assessment as part as cyber security continuous monitoring following NIST 800-53 standards.  • Identify system security controls shortcomings and developing POA&Ms to remediate control deficiencies.  • Security monitoring and auditing using COTS product (i.e. Nessus, SPLUNK, Solarwinds).  • Manage, provide evidence to close POA&Ms associated with the A&A and project management processes.  • Review Memorandums of Understanding (MOUs)/Information Security Agreements (ISAs) to ensure external vendors meet the West Palm Beach VA network security requirements. Network Engineer Tech Savvy, LLC MSP - Lake Worth, FL January 2009 to October 2017 • Technical support in a distributed client/server environment interconnecting IPsec site to site remote sites VPN with Palo Alto Firewalls  • Assist in migration of physical data center to AWS Cloud  • Create Route based connection and load sharing using redundant links for high availability using different topology with Palo Alto Firewalls PA3020, PA500, PA 200, Cisco ASA 5500 series  • Plan for and execute upgrades to system and Network (Cisco Routers, Switches, Firewalls)  • Configure switches, routers and firewalls in multi-protocol networks (Cisco Routers, Switches L2, L3)  • LAN/ WAN topology and Configuration (MPLS, BGP, HSRP, STP, Port-channel, VLAN, trunks, ports)  • Setup/maintain Storage Network with Dell Equallogic, EMC/Nutanix  • Microsoft Windows domain upgrade and maintenance, Active Directory, group policy management WSUS, (2003, 2008, 2012, 2016)  • Lead the configuration, implementation, and migration of Exchange 2010 to Office 365 Hybrid, turn audit logging and increased security  • Merger Acquisition planning and migration - Microsoft AD and Network merging two companies.  • Controller based WLAN distributed deployment  • Project management including analysis of business requirements  • Monitor network and server infrastructure and respond to complex systems troubleshooting and issue resolution  • Develop and execute on long range technology strategy roadmaps  • Assist/Implement/document security solutions post design phase in line with PCI policies and requirements.  • Install and configure SIEM Logrythm, Alert logic Splunk network alerts, file integrity monitor to meet PCI, HIPAA compliance requirements  • Install/Administer/Maintain VMware ESX/ESXi and Microsoft HyperV  • Deployed and configure AWS EC2, VPCs, VPNs, Route 53  • Manage Great Plains 2015 User security  • Microsoft SQL queries and database performance management  • Create Bill of Materials (BoM), create illustrations and diagrams, write and provide Statements of Work (SoW) Network Administrator Ipic Entertainment - Fort Lauderdale, FL October 2007 to January 2009 • Responsible for configuring, installing, maintaining and monitoring of routers and switches on the LAN and WAN.  • Administration and maintenance of Server systems and networks, including Active Directory and group policy administration, backup, recovery.  • Configure, administer and troubleshoot networks and VoIP system, including switches and routers, concentrators, firewalls.  • Microsoft Exchange 2003 implementation and administration.  • Responsible for client connectivity to essential systems including Windows-based servers, Citrix, terminal server.  • Team leader in medium/large projects, specifically in creating technical designs throughout the full lifecycles (requirements, design, development, deploy, maintain).  • Document technical analysis and make oral and written presentations related to IT security.  • Support Over 500 employees across the US on windows platform  • Supervise and motivate Support personnel.  • Set up, troubleshoot and maintain over 400 desktops and laptops using Microsoft Office Suite, Great Plains, ADP HRMS, Citrix, Win OS 2000, XP, IIS, SQL and Radiant POS Systems.  • Maintain high availability servers and support and resolve hardware malfunctions for all desktops.  • Manage, Implement and redesign network infrastructure for multiple sites creating multi VLAN, converting from frame relay to MPLS.  • Perform internal network security audit to maintain a secure network environment.  • Support and administer SQL 2000/2003 database servers, including performance tuning and logs' review.  • Design Active directory structure and group policies for the enterprise. Skills Cisco, Exchange, Firewalls, Solarwinds, Tcp/ip, Bgp, Catalyst, Citrix, Eigrp, Mpls, Ospf, Tcp, Cisco asa, Siem, Splunk, Sql, Equallogic, Backup exec, Wireless, Ios Additional Information Operating Systems: All Windows Operating Systems, MAC OS    Hardware: IBM AS/400, IBM PC's and compatibles, HP, DELL Server Poweredge series, Cisco Catalyst switches 4000, 3560, 2960, 3750, Nexus 9300 series. Micros POS Systems, Cisco Routers, Cisco ASA, Palo Alto firewalls, Cisco 3000 concentrator, Dell Equallogic 4000, EMC 5300, Nutanix NX 1365, Aruba, Airtight enterprise wireless appliance.    Software: Windows 2003-2016, Windows XP, 7-10, SQL 2008-2016, Exchange 2010, 2016, Office 365, Microsoft Office Suite, Cisco Cat OS, IOS, Cisco CME/CUE, Kace inventory system, Symantec Backup Exec, Microsoft Great Plains, POS System, Ticketsoft, Vista Theater system, Citrix, ADP HRMS, Micros system, Symantec Anti-Virus Enterprise Edition, Barracuda backup, SIEM Logrhythm, AlertLogic, Risk Vision, Splunk, Solarwinds. CABAL, NEWT, and REEF, GRC  Protocols: OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, MPLS, TCP/IP