Officer Security Access Management Analyst Officer <span class="hl">Security</span> Access Management <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Officer Security Access Management Analyst Miami, FL Work Experience Officer Security Access Management Analyst Ocean Bank October 2016 to June 2019 Review all users' access to Bank's applications to prevent any misuse.  Work with GLBA, SOC, reports. IT Director Liga Ecuatoriana of Florida 2013 to 2016 Direct all IT functions including Operations, IT security and Help desk.  Make sure the operation its sound and performing to the rules and regulations established by the organization. IT Manager Sabadell Bank 1985 to 2013 Direct all IT resources planning, budgeting, operational initiatives, IT security and Help Desk  Management  Managed IT staff, (hiring, training, evaluating, disciplining and discharging)  • Develop and maintain the Business and Continuity/Disaster Recovery plan  • Negotiated and influence Software purchases and Maintenance plans  • Dealt with customers to provide them with special needs.  • Installed conventional Item Capture system.  • Led conversions of data applications from out-sorting to in-house system in 1985 and from in-house to out-sorting in 1989.  • Installed Image Item Capture system.  • Installed Teller System  • Upgrade the teller system to an image capture environment.  • Transitioned check processing department from old conventional Proof to Image Capture System.  • Led a series of upgrades and application enhancements, including the replacement of obsolete systems, hardware and software.  • Played key rolled in the upgrade of Statement rendering system to an image environment.  • Played key rolled in the upgrade of the Bookkeeping area to a new exception return system (SQN).  • Led conversions of data applications from out sorting to in-house system using FIS applications written in Cobol Language.  • Wrote Cobol programs to complement various applications.  • Achieve a Satisfactory rating from various audits conducted in my departments by the Federal government. IT Manager Consolidated Bank 1982 to 1985 • Directed the Data Processing Department budgeting and operational initiatives, and Data Center Operations.  • Led conversions of data applications from out sorting to in-house system using FIS applications written in Cobol Language.  • Designed, programmed and converted to in house applications (Demand Deposit, Loans, Certificates of Deposit etc. written in Cobol Software).  • Installed Item Capture system.  • Upgrade the teller system to a new more effective application. Education Relational Data Base Design & Coding University of Miami Security Fort Hays State College Optima Dale Carnegie Skills security, testing, Active Directory, Microsoft Office