IT Technology Architect and IT Security Architect <span class="hl">IT</span> Technology Architect and <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Architect IT Technology Architect and IT Security Architect Arlington, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technology Architect and IT Security Architect IMPERIAL TOBACCO CANADA LTEE - Montréal, QC September 2001 to December 2008 subsidiary of BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO P.L.C.    (2005-2008) Major network redesign to integrate new B2B business processes, foreign manufacturing facility, international sourcing of raw materials and outsourcing of Logistics.     Network Redesign: Collected and documented all requirements. Initiated the planning and provisioning of high-speed/redundant intercity WAN for 14 Canadian sites, Brazil, Mexico and the UK. Defined all monitoring tools and processes, outage tolerances and documented the minimum network capabilities for critical services. Documentation for all credential granting procedures for regular users and business partners. Define/document requirements for intrusion detection and audits.    Moved Computer Center: As part of a team, planned and moved the existing computer center from Montreal to Toronto (Canada).    Hot backup facility: Audited the automatic recovery procedure of all business critical servers. Audited the ability of the network to survive the lost of the main computer center including the ability to use the Internet. Following recovery, audited the data consolidation procedure between the Hot Site and the main computer center. Ascertain that no data are loss or duplicated.    Outsourcing: IT outsourcing of all computer and network facilities. Collaborated with all outsourcing partner including HP, Bell Canada, Equant (Orange), Telus and others providers.    (2001-2008) Developed numerous credential management procedures, standards and audit processes (Internet, WIFI and Internal network) in numerous environments including LDAP, Novell, AD,Lotus Notes, Aventail, X509 certificates,…    (2004) Integration/conversion of the ITCAN Email/Calendar system toward the BAT Lotus Notes environment (88,000 users). Integrated the domain name @itl.ca to the MessageLabs/Lotus Notes Internet gateway.    (2001-2007) Leader of the IT portion of the Business Recovery Plan (cold site). Ascertained that all critical infrastructure is recovered to meet the business requirements. Responsible for collecting and ascertaining that sufficient documentation exists. Ensuring backup media and recovery facility are at the ready. Manage IT supplier relations. Audited and reported on the status of the annual test procedure. IT Network Analyst Imperial Tobacco Ltd - Montréal, QC January 1998 to January 2001 (1998-2000) Upgraded -- redesign a DEC VAX centric LAN/WAN to make room for a TCP/IP dominated network. Migrated toward Cisco router (eigrp) and Nortel switch. Elimination/replacement of the SNA network, arcnet and token ring fragmented network. Define monitoring procedure (HP OpenView, MRTG, Nagios and snort).    Day to Day monitoring of the network.    (1999) Definition and installation of a highly redundant Internet Presence (Dual layer Firewall, BGP AS29810, dual feed). Web Access, Email/antivirus and VPN Solutions.    (1998) In collaboration: converted and transferred all VAX/VMS mail and IBM PROFS (VM) environment toward Netscape communicator. Prepared documentation and procedures for the IT Security Department regarding adding/removing users and X-509 certificate. Senior System programmer Imperial Tobacco Ltd - Montréal, QC March 1993 to January 1998 Maintain/Upgrade the infrastructure related to Digital Equipment Corporation (11 VAXes/VMS in 8 locations ). Support the user community (1200 users). Design and maintain several LANs and a DECNET WAN. LANs Network provisioning for several PC and Novell Servers (guest on DEC Network).    (1998) Installation/maintenance of a development/VAT Environment for SAP R/3 (DEC Alpha OpenVMS migrated to HP 9000 HP-UX before entering production).    (1997) Define a unified printing environment where any network connected printers might be used by any of the computer environment of ITCAN. Replacement of 140 pre-printed forms. Check printing with MICR symbol and toner. Write new conversion software (Xerox Printer Emulator, Unix Filter and DEC Symbion). Replaced 730 printer by 120. Define integration process for new computing environments (HP-UX and MS-Windows Server) Director of Technology Roy, Bourassa and Associates INC - Montréal, QC January 1986 to March 1993 (1988-1993) TITLE: Director of Technology Services     For the Offices of Montreal, Quebec and Ottawa: Promoted the technological expertise of RBA to various and generally large clients. Typical projects included:    Project A : Specification of a very large scale optical storage solution for the permanent archiving of all legal paper and court decisions by the Ministry of Justice of the province of Quebec (Canada). Included preliminary research with the collaboration of the National Archive of Canada, NASA (US) and Smithsonian(US)). Performed a feasibility studies, impact studies and recommendation for the revision of the Civil Code of Quebec ( with lawyer). Defined a pilot project (Equipment and network in a few Court room).    Project B (1988-1989): Initial design proposition for a health care network linking all hospitals (124 establishments), all CRSSS (Now RRSSS) and other designated health care facilities (based on TCP/IP).     Several : Feasibility studies (technologies) for numerous government projects including the technological requirement of the RDPRM (Quebec) [Budget of 28 Million], computer outsourcing project for CSST (CNESST), computer environment technological orientation for MSSS (Health Ministry), Computer Capacity planning for Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources (Québec).     (1992-1993) TITLE: Manager of Professional Services  Managed several consultants , senior consultants and Managers. This included hiring, employee review and customer liaison.    (1987-1993) TITLE: Senior Consultant (Technologies group)  (1987) Design and programming of a paging system (SMS) with an output of 1 Million message per hour. Director Technical Services TELCOR Inc - Montréal, QC June 1980 to September 1986 (1982-1984) TITLE: Manager Technical Services  (1885-1986) TITLE: Associate/Director Technical Services     • Manage 4 employees.  • Maintain system software (OS, Compiler) for over 100 clients.   • Develop/maintain an In-house networking software similar to TCP/IP.  • Manage and operate a Computer Service Bureau (5 computers/260 users/300 communication line)  • Prepare quotation for hardware computer sales.  • Computer sales support: Benchmark, conversion strategy.  • System installation planning at the client location. Install new hardware/software (25 Mini-computers per year)    (1980-1981) TITLE: Applications Programmer  For a plastic company, develop a BOM (unlimited number of product with a tree of 50 level). A what-if scheduling application (Optimization of mold/machine). Finally, an MRP/JIT system based on the “selected” schedule. Education Computer Science UQAM - University of Quebec at Montreal - Montréal, QC August 1980 to May 1982 Associate in Computer Science College du Vieux-Montréal. - Montréal, QC August 1977 to June 1980 High School Diploma ÉCOLE POLYVALENTE THÉRÈSE 1977 Skills Cisco, Nagios, Networking (10+ years), HP-Openview, Netscape, Security (10+ years), Bgp, Lan/wan, Ldap (10+ years), Optimization (10+ years), Router (10+ years), TCP/IP (10+ years), VPN (10+ years), Linux (10+ years), HP-UX, MRTG, OpenBSD (10+ years), Microsoft Windows (10+ years), Extreme Network, Ubiquity, Snort, tcpdump (10+ years), asterisk, freepbx, Microsoft Exchange, Dovecot, Lotus Notes, OpenVMS (10+ years), Python, Vax Basic (10+ years), DEC MACRO 16/32 (10+ years), Internet (10+ years), IT Architect (10+ years), IT Security (10+ years), Active Directory (10+ years), MYSQL (10+ years), PostgresSQL (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses CISSP December 2004 to September 2012 Additional Information LANGUAGE: English, Canadian-French    SKILLS & ABILITIES    Good understanding of computer technologies, networks and infrastructure.    Good understanding of security processes including Internet presence, credential management, antivirus strategy and disaster recovery.