IT Lead / Facility Security Officer (FSO) / Engineering Technician I <span class="hl">IT</span> Lead / Facility <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer (FSO) / Engineering Technician I IT Lead / Facility Security Officer (FSO) / Engineering Technician I - SENTEL Corporation Meridianville, AL Work Experience IT Lead / Facility Security Officer (FSO) / Engineering Technician I SENTEL Corporation - Vicksburg, MS February 2013 to Present IT Lead for SENTEL Vicksburg Program Office (SVPO): Provide network design and support services for reach back operations between US and overseas locations. Duties include configuring Active Directory, Exchange Servers and services, Microsoft Sharepoint servers, web site design and maintenance. Additional duties include Information Management Officer for SIPRNet, NIPRNet, and CENTRIX systems (Afghanistan). Also responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining procurement of services and new applications systems, as well as upgrading and/or maintaining existing systems.    Other Responsibilities:  • Ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of systems, networks and data through planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures and tools.  • Perform technical assessments and adapt practices of computer systems acquisition to IA requirements.  • Provide guidance to ensure conformance with approved plans, program objectives and computer systems policies and to certify work is progressing on time and within budget.    Facility Security Officer (FSO) As the FSO I am responsible for the implementation and compliance of the National Industrial Security Program (NISPOM) within the SENTEL Vicksburg Program Office (SVPO) to prevent unauthorized disclosure of classified information. I participate in and oversee the following and ongoing security activities: processing personnel security clearances; conducting security education and training; preparing visit requests; investigating and reporting security violation/adverse information and reports to the cognizant government agency; preparing the System Security Plan along with the International Safety Security Management (ISSM).    Engineering Technician I Support the Engineer Research and Development Center to conduct research and development on installation and operation of tunneling detection systems to improve force protection on military installations CONUS and OCONUS. Duties include site lead for installation of Rapid Reaction Tunnel Detection (R2TD) system at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan. Coordinate with U.S. Forces - Afghanistan (USFOR-A), ISAF Joint Command (IJC), Joint Program Manager - Guardian (JPM-G), and base commander to provide installation support, equipment transfer, and operation/maintenance support. Major task included research and development, deploying advanced technology, conducting scientific investigations, assisting in engineering data analysis' developing criteria, and solving problems to develop standard methods and procedures. Actions taken to complete these task included conducting Research Studies, Report Research Findings and Publish Reports, assist in Program Development, and ensure clear Communication. OSBL\PC Tech ARMY CORP OF ENGINEERS - Vicksburg, MS January 2012 to February 2013 Support and maintain in-house computer systems, desktops, and peripherals. This includes installing, diagnosing, repairing, maintaining, and upgrading all hardware and equipment while ensuring optimal workstation performance. Troubleshoot problem areas in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide end user training and assistance where required.  Other Responsibilities:  • Assist in preparing, maintaining, and upholding procedures for logging, reporting, and statistically monitoring PC performance.  • Accurately document instances of hardware failure, repair, installation, and removal.  • Assist in developing long-term strategies and capacity planning for meeting future computer hardware needs.  • Support development and implementation of new computer projects and new hardware installations. Monitoring Technician 2010 to 2012 Responsible for monitoring large computing facility supporting worldwide enterprise architecture. Responsibilities include network monitoring, systems monitoring, physical facilities monitoring, maintenance logs, problem resolution and coordination, customer support via trouble ticket system, coordination with various technical support groups, and user notifications. Performs first level troubleshooting of applications, resources, environment, and networks (router, switch ports, hubs, and communications), and executes network procedures. Ensures the 24 x 7 operations environment runs efficiently and effectively on a daily basis. Routinely exercises self-sufficient analytical skills, carries out operational procedures/policies/plans with little supervision and responds positively in high pressure situations. Works in a team oriented environment and exercises excellent customer service and communication skills.  Responsible for first line monitoring and support for HPC and USACE Data Center Enterprise systems Tracked and monitored USACE network outages using Remedy and interacting with communications vendors Utilized robust monitoring tools to track status of mission critical UNIX and Windows based systems that support RMS, CEFMS, SPS, RFMIS and P2 databases for the Corp of Engineers Responsible for dispatching site and enterprise systems administrators to deal with urgent or critical systems issues or outages within CorpNet Effectively assigned Information Systems issues to the correct USACE engineering group; Ensuring that critical issues were addressed in a timely manner.  Proactively worked with customers to ensure that their problems were resolved in a timely manner Reported status of issues to USACE Chiefs and Data Center Managers in Portland (WPC) and Vicksburg (CPC)  Provide visual and physical checks of HPC computing hardware along with UPS to make sure the enterprise is running at acceptable standards. IT Command Center Analyst SAKS Inc - Jackson, MS 2010 to 2012 responds to technical customer inquiries reported via phone and /or other means of notification, including observed and facilitate customer resolution without bias to the reason or legitimacy of the inquiry.    Responsibilities Include:  • Understand how to access and interpret data in the Payment Authorization and Data Collect systems. Also able to access and interpret data in Network and Server monitoring tools.  • Utilize technical knowledge and skills to resolve 60% or more inquiries without assistance.  • Recognize and react to system performance issues that impact on-line users, applications or batch processing.  • Actively monitor communication circuits and devices for outages, interruptions, errors and patterns of each.  • Actively monitor selected servers and other system devices associated with store and corporate systems, applications and databases.  • Communicate with Computer Operations, Helpdesk and affected users to make them aware of the issue and related consequences.  • Provide timely feedback to associates to allow a fair opportunity to address and recover from performance issues.  • Work with Problem Resolution Coordinators to identify training opportunities and documentation development. Helpdesk Analyst SITEL COMPANY - Starkville, MS 2005 to 2007 Provide technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment for Dell, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries. Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets.  Selected Contributions:  ? Research and develop knowledge-base articles for different issues, resulting in an increase in first-call-resolutions of 20 additional calls per week.  ? Exceeds issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores, consistently scoring between 95%-100% on all calls (outperforming average of 90%).  ? Handle 30+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards.  Available for Relocation & Travel Education B.S. in Information Technology Services MISSISSIPPI STATE UNIVERSITY - Starkville, MS May 2009 IT support to students and faculty College Studies 2006 to 2007