Senior Security Analyst Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Leads IT Security Administrator Work Experience Senior Security Analyst Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP - New York, NY February 2019 to Present Leads IT Security Administrator Vitech Systems Group - New York, NY June 2018 to February 2019 Execute a multi-faceted & all-encompassing security administration role in conceptualizing, cultivating and implementing end-to-end security education initiatives to elevate technical functionality across multiple departments. Successfully support all facets of development for the online update regarding 'Splunk' prior to detailed evaluation of various SIEMs for the AWS environment plan, for expansion into a private cloud infrastructure.  ? Leverage technology best practices to transition 'Rapid 7 InsightVM' online while completing vulnerability scanning across (3) environments encompassing (in-house, private cloud network and AWS)  ? Deliver new AWS offerings for valued clientele and integrate security features while crafting WAF rules in collaboration with a technical team  ? Accountable for remediating vulnerabilities within the WAF system    - Operate an integral security role in strategically planning application security scanning initiative for the entire company  - Utilize OWASP to form basic rules for security features Information Security Administrator CRA International - New York, NY February 2017 to April 2018 Strategically promoted to establish the IT Security Department from conception-to-implementation while formalizing standards for IT Excellence in the New York office and across the entire company. Accountable for administering robust risk assessments and threat audits regarding information systems and license vulnerabilities. Operated as the head of the security team utilizing industry best practices while facilitating policies, procedures and standards for cyber security initiatives. Successfully revamped the entire server patching to increase efficiency and time management. Set-up and implemented WSUS to track server patching processes.  ? Thrived as a security analyst and practitioner leading large-scale projects and teams with accountability for vendor management, negotiations, threat assessments, remediation scanning, and stakeholder engagement, while identifying vulnerabilities and performing comprehensive IT audits  - Main point of contact for external SOX audits, recommending operational best practices, improving security functionality    (516) 606 - 6661 WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/JVASIL Jamie424@optonline.net    Professional Work History Continued    Information Security Administrator CRA International - New York, NY February 2017 -April 2018  ? Successfully established in-house vulnerability remediation functions, decommissioning an outside vendor, thus saving organizational costs  ? Managed information security incident prevention, detection, communication, containment and remediation, through effective use of appropriate controls  ? Performed information security audits, along with periodic and on-demand system audits; documented security procedures and standards as required to support security policies, enforce ownership and accountability  ? Ensured compliance with information security policies and monitored policy exceptions, while administering cyber threat news feeds, including investigations and qualifying incidents reported  ? Leveraged proficiency in Rapid 7 Nexpose to monitor and administer vulnerability & remediation management    - Directed replacement of vulnerability software from demo to implementation  - Ensured timely server patches through restructuring Patch cycles  - Established SPUNK for SIEM, enabling real-time security analytics and timely prevention of security breaches  - Managed user access controls and administered firewall protection to protect data Integrity, confidentiality and to prevent conflict of interests regarding data from valued clientele CRA International - New York, NY February 2007 to April 2018 IT Systems Administrator CRA International - New York, NY February 2007 to February 2017 Recruited to maximize onsite technical support, with full accountability for supporting systems from desktop to servers, including email administration. Managed system functionality to ensure ongoing operations, via oversight of high-profile, complex systems, servers & networks. Served as a technical expert for systems administration, security issues, and technical projects.  ? Integrated IT functionality, compliance and collaboration during company mergers bringing together new and existing cultures to assimilate seamlessly and generate symmetry for improved organizational performance  ? Adapted to information technology changes and evolved within operational environments utilizing industry best practices and maintaining advanced knowledge of new, improving and disruptive technologies  ? Credited with establishing the new 2003 servers thus saving storage space, along with the roll out of UTIMACO encryption software to the entire Boston and NY site ensuring data/information and asset protection  ? Facilitated technology transfer during acquisition of Markon, including copying data from servers doing a P to V conversion of the SharePoint server using Range Rover; monitored and diagnosed network system-level issues of performance, speed, reliability, and accessibility  ? Performed assimilation of all users during Marakon acquisition to CRA    - Pioneered the setup of VMware server to consolidate physical servers  - Administered technology leadership to diverse teams during setup of gold build and documentation for sever 2008 R2, and set up of Server 2012  - Migrated all users to CRA laptops with CRA builds during the Markon acquisition  - Orchestrated successful rollout of new BlackBerry phones for entire site  - Granted user access rights and resolved issues relating to desktops, VPN or phone software, VIA phone or desk side support IT Systems Administrator Professional Examination Service - New York, NY November 2005 to February 2007 Performed an integral IT systems administrator role to deliver value-added support for data and technology transfers from UNIX to Windows; managed all recurring and impromptu systems administration functions, along with managing features of new systems. Delivered quick resolutions to system shutdowns, interruptions and failures, while administering Windows Y2K3 servers and Exchange 2003. Earned increased responsibilities due to IT operational excellence and consistent performance results.  ? As an integral member of the technology transfer project team, contributed towards successful setup of Disaster recovery site located at Sungard in New Jersey; used Double Take software for replication between the sites  ? Configured and installed Outlook 2003 across all user systems, delivering training to end users on optimum feature usage    - Troubleshot & resolved issues relating to desktops, VPN or phone software, VIA phone or desk side support IT Consultant Telstra - New York, NY August 2005 to October 2005 Assumed a consultative role managing all aspects of Network and System Administration, while coordinating with various vendors and consultants for minimal down time. Planned for E-mail system upgrade to Exchange 2003 and established a backup server.  (516) 606 - 6661 WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/JVASIL Jamie424@optonline.net    Professional Work History Continued Senior Network Technician Forest Laboratories - Commack, NY July 2000 to June 2005 Earned consistent promotion due to performance excellence while strategically planning, managing, and budgeting system resources, including performance, capacity, availability, and serviceability for virtual systems (networks) involving a large number of servers and data sources. Optimized networking infrastructure support delivering 24X7 information technology services to 6000+ users across 9 locations as well as over 3,500 remote users. Recognized for Outstanding Service during severe outage due to Nochi virus, communicating with global communities to detail progress.  ? Managed all aspects of network security and technical specifications, along with managing servers, including migration, integration, and up gradation  ? Remained proactive in diagnosing application errors and network connectivity problems, and aided users with installed systems and programs  ? Maintained accurate documentation of hardware/software assets, adhering to standard operating procedures to facilitate customer support and resolution  ? Continually monitored vendor performances and SLA adherences, improving service levels and reducing costs with vendors such as Cisco and AT&T    - Saved $100K annually by integrating asset management with vendor SLAs in alignment with business objectives  - Managed all remote users via AT&T managed VPN; led multiple server and desktop migrations to support mixed operating environment Novell & Windows  - Transitioned network from 3Com to Cisco routers providing hands-on configuration and deployment Forest Laboratories - Commack, NY November 1997 to June 2005 Education Associate ISC 2016 Associate of Arts & Science in (AAS) Data Processing Suffolk Community College - Selden, NY 2015 AD in Scripting Learning Tree International 2006 CCNA Briarcliff College 2001 Unisys Training Center 1997 Skills DISASTER RECOVERY, INFORMATION SECURITY, SOX, CYBER SECURITY, SECURITY, NETWORK ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE, IT AUDITING, DISASTER RECOVERY PLANNING, RECOVERY PLANNING, BUDGET MANAGEMENT, AUDITING, SOC, AUDITS, BUDGET, CONTRACT MANAGEMENT, RELATIONSHIP BUILDING, TRAINING Links http://WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/JVASIL Additional Information Core Competencies    Management Competencies  - Technology Project Management  - IT Strategy & Execution  - Budget Management  - Vendor / Contract Management  - Hiring and Training  - Cost Savings Initiatives  - Transformational Change Mgmt.  Technology Leadership  - Information Security Management  - IT Auditing (SOX & SOC Audits)  - Cyber Security Management  - Information Privacy Management  - IT Facility Expansions  - Technology Transfers & Migration  - Systems & Network Administration  - Server & Database Administration  - Disaster Recovery Planning  Interpersonal Skills  - Relationship Building  - C-level Engagements