Senior Network Security Analyst Senior Network <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Columbus, OH EXPERIENCE SUMMARY    To secure a position with a successful growing company or established corporation that requires a highly motivated and committed individual with extensive computer skills and desire to innovate. Relevant skills: Computer Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Software installation, configuration, and support, Hardware Troubleshooting and replacement, Great communication skills both written and verbal, Proficient at finding and resolving malfunctions      TECHNICAL SKILLS    Operating Systems, Windows, Mac OSX, Android, Software Applications, ServiceNow, MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Access), Networking, LAN/WAN, VPN, Cisco, Juniper, SolarWinds, Qualys, QRadar(SIEM), Accelopps, Mapcom Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Network Security Analyst IBM / Infinite Computer Solutions March 2017 to Present • Analyze identified malicious activity to determine weaknesses exploited, exploitation methods, effects on State of Ohio systems and information.  • Characterize and analyze network traffic to identify anomalous activity and potential threats to network resources.  • Enforce security policy relative to access of agency’s personal computers and; local area networks (LAN), oversees local area network administration throughout agencies, directs implementation of data security systems to control accessibility of data stored in computer files, establishment of access levels and monitoring of system performance.   • Conduct research, analysis and correlations across a wide variety of all source data sets, conduct tests of Information Assurance safeguards in accordance with established test plans and procedures.  •Validate network alerts, determine tactics, techniques and procedures (TTPs) for intrusion sets.   • Examine Network topologies to understand data flows through the network, identify and analyze anomalies in network traffic device based on network traffic.  • Using Computer Network Defense tools for continual monitoring and analysis of system activity to identify malicious activity, validate intrusion detection system alerts against network traffic using packet analysis tools.  • Maintained fine-tuned skills and abilities consisting of Defense-In-Depth principles and network security architecture, cryptology, encryption methodologies, different operational threat environments, IA principles and organizational requirements, incident response and handling methodologies.  • Skilled in Network traffic analysis methods, collecting data from a variety of Computer Network Defense resources, network analysis tools to identify vulnerabilities. Engineering Network Support Horizon Telcom, Inc. - Chillicothe, OH November 2015 to February 2017 Responsibilities  Horizon Telcom, Inc.            November 2015 - Present    Engineering Network Support Coordinator    Execute after-hours trouble and maintenance work that meets both customer expectations and service level agreements (SLAs)    Manage trouble efforts, trouble tickets and scheduled maintenance activities on the network    Assist in the coordination of recommended core fiber network upgrades, including the deployment of hardware and software solutions in support of customer needs, network reliability and network growth.    Monitor the core network, engage the appropriate team(s) remotely managing emergency response, and dispatching technicians for service maintenance and fiber service restoration    Prepare planned maintenance method of procedure (MOP) documentation    Service locates using GPS coordinates and Google Earth to prevent cable cuts in network    Completes special projects and other duties as requested by manager or supervisor. Telecom Analyst JPMORGAN Chase - Columbus, OH May 2015 to November 2015 Telecom Analyst    Analyze and reconciles complex telecom issues requiring specialized knowledge of Telecom invoice methodology.     Responds to, researches and resolves outstanding items for assigned accounts. Prepares reports on disputed/recouped charges as savings according to corporate standards.     Maintains complex and accurate documentation to support disputed items in accordance with appropriate telecom contracts, and tariffs and in compliance with Corporate Accounting practices and policies.     Processes and tabulates data and statistics for monthly reporting needs on a timely basis.     Completes special projects and other duties as requested by manager or supervisor.     Obtained thorough understanding of cost center bill-out concepts, allocation codes, general ledger practices and all corporate and/or vendor systems and interfaces that affect the timely processing and posting of vendor accounts. Contractor Momentive - Columbus, OH January 2014 to June 2014 Wireless Mobility Analyst    Provided support for all wireless devices and device users, including break fix, new service requests, vendor account management & oversight, billing reviews and troubleshooting    Prepared and submitted orders to various providers for services and equipment, and supported and maintained mobile devices (such as smart phones, mobile hot spots, Ipads, tablets).    Provided technical support and maintenance of mobile devices (such as cell phones, air cards, etc.).    Performed initial configuration of smartphones and wireless devices, and will troubleshoot issues by phone and/or in person.    Performed periodic inventory audits, and provided cost information and solution options to end users when required.    Provided coordination for daily operational functions in support of the firm’s wireless services users, and worked with internal personnel that provided local/regional wireless support.    Handled escalated calls/emails within time constraints    Diagnose and resolve technical/nontechnical issues by conferring with end users and IT help desk using ServiceNow IT Procurement Specialist Omnicare Inc - Dublin, OH February 2009 to December 2013 IT Procurement Specialist     Performed quality assurance testing of wireless devices (i.e. iPhone, iPad, tablets, cellular phones) to ensure connectivity and effective performance of the device throughout its life cycle.    Served as the single point of contact for 3500 users     Mobile device management using Good Technology    Performed cost saving audits for wireless devices     Negotiated contracts with carriers such as: AT&T, Verizon, Sprint and US Cellular     Utilized VEC (Verizon Enterprise), ATT Premier and Sprint purchasing portals for activations and audits     Work collaboratively with vendors to ensure appropriate functions and update have been implemented.     Analyzed wireless contracts for renewals, costs, decommissions and reporting     Developed dashboards to track remediation of issues via ServiceNow    Generated and enhanced complex Microsoft Excel reports     Conducted migration of Blackberry platform to Apple and Android devices     Processed orders orderly and efficiently to meet daily deadlines Business Support Coordinator Verizon Wireless - Columbus, OH October 2002 to February 2009 Worked independently on coordinating activities and resources for IT department    Managed significant amount of incoming service calls    Single point of contact for all executive accounts    Management of work flow to resolve business and customer concerns    Incorporate policy and procedures to resolve billing issues.    Research, identify, and resolve billing issues.    Provide assistance with Broadband, Email, and Wireless Sync Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Ohio Christian University - Circleville, OH May 2014 Associates of Applied Science in Finance Columbus State Community College - Columbus, OH June 2010 CompTIA A+ & Network + Certified Per Scholas IT Training, Columbus, OH - January 2015 Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, Nist, Siem, Network Security