IT Asset Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Asset <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Asset Analyst Murrieta, CA IT Asset Management Analyst with 16 + years of IT experience. Knowledgeable with ITSM, Service Now, SAMS (Sunflower Asset Management) Highly effective with activities requiring attention to detail, while maintaining high standards of customer service, timely deliverables, data calls and asset reports. Accustomed to fast-pace environments supporting any short-term or long-term project. Conduct physical asset inventories and reconciliations for personal property, network equipment, and Enterprise Business System (EBS) property.   Clearance: Public Trust.  Acquired CHAMP (Certified Hardware Asset Management Professional) Certificate # RtetXKWw9q Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Asset Analyst ICU Medical - San Clemente, CA June 2018 to Present Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  • Complete Asset Life Cycle  • Conduct hardware and software audits.  • On-board new software titles to the ITAM process via Service Now.  • Monitor software licenses to ensure they comply with license agreements and usage standards.  • Communicated with stakeholders to maintain ITAM standards.  • Performed ITAM reporting on a regular schedule or ad hoc as needed.  • Provide recommendations to enhance and continuously improve ITAM Request and Procurement.  • Co-ordinate with hardware and software deployment teams to ensure accurate and timely asset registration.  • Maintain available hardware and software inventory and creates/updates records in ITAM repository.  • Work with IT and Finance stakeholders to correctly execute ITAM procedure  • Vendor Audit and License Compliance.  • Conduct contract, license, and vendor service compliance audit and ensure contractual data and deliverables are up-to-date in the system.  • Review compliance summary, validate compliance report, and runs vendor approval scans.  • Hardware Disposal  • Support the evaluation as to whether hardware should be re-used or retired.  • Ensure retired hardware is fully removed from the environment and returned to the ITAM repository or disposed. IT Asset Management Specialist Fairfield Technologies, Inc. for U.S. Department of Homeland Security/ USCIS - Laguna Niguel, CA July 2015 to May 2018 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  • Ensured all property items are uniquely labeled, tracked and changes updated in the database.  • Maintained records of acquisition/distribution and property, supplies, and materials.  • Investigated and reconcile discrepancies.  • Developed asset control processes to monitor accountability identification, maintenance, location and contracts.  • Collaborated with management to define cost savings, asset compliances and service improvements.  • Ensured all IT Assets and technical support issues are logged in Service Now ticketing system.  • Provided management monthly reconciled reports on IT Assets.  • Proficient in Microsoft Windows; Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Publisher 2003, and Outlook.  • Detailed oriented ability to manage multiple issues at one time with exceptional follow through.  • Strong business acumen, including strong analytical skills and ability to negotiate and influence.  • Researched and interpret an extensive spectrum of sources including: IT Asset Management policy and regulations, operating instructions, agency legislative history, precedent decisions, federal laws, and other legal references in order to follow the correct course of action. Application Support Analyst/ Help Desk/ Desktop Sound Physicians - Laguna Hills, CA April 2014 to July 2015 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  • Provided exceptional customer service to some 1500+ customers. Contacted customers and medical staff via telephone or email regarding their issue reported.  • Coordinated with peers to establish department objectives, goals, priorities and deadlines and formulated plans to meet substantial changes in workload.  • Participated in developing, analyzing, and refining functional and technical specifications and systems requirements. Coordinated the acquisition, installation, and configuration of the end-to-end infrastructure supporting the site.  • Provided technical guidance and direction to administrative, technical, and clerical staff on the operation and maintenance of the human resources data systems.  • Created appropriate user documentation and procedures for end user ease of use IT Security Technician Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian - Newport Beach, CA October 2011 to April 2014 • Advised management on issues involving IT Security and HIPAA violations.  • Acted as a HD Supervisor/ Manager and coordinated the technical and administrative activities of the Help Desk Service composed of 12 employees.  • Performed daily IT operations such as data backups, system monitoring and security reviews.  • Acted as a liaison between management, other departments. Sr. Help desk Analyst Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian - Newport Beach, CA October 2003 to October 2011 Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:  • Advised management on issues involving IT Security and HIPAA violations.  • Acted as a HD Supervisor/ Manager and coordinated the technical and administrative activities of the Help Desk Service composed of 12 employees.  • Performed daily IT operations such as data backups, system monitoring and security reviews.  • Acted as a liaison between management, other departments. Squad Leader U.S. Army - Los Alamitos, CA September 1992 to August 2010 • Responsible for cross training team members in all positions needed to run the squad efficiently and effectively.   • Managed squad personnel, including two team leaders, and equipment worth over $1,000,000.   • Developed detailed mission plans for over 45 combat patrols and 30 tactical checkpoints.  • Assisted the Platoon Leader in all technical and tactical planning leading to 100% success  • Served as a resource for new team members; provided information and aided them in obtaining. specific support services such as transportation, child care, personal finances, healthcare, housing, etc.  • Established relationships with team members and their families to ensure understanding of expectations.  • Part of a 20-person team that maintained physical control of vehicle and personnel entry/exit procedures ensuring security of Air Force and Army air/ground assets.   Education Certificate in IT Assets International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers - Las Vegas, NV June 2019 to June 2020 Master of Business Management in Business Management Argosy University Skills IT ASSET MANAGEMENT (10+ years), OUTLOOK (10+ years), CISCO (Less than 1 year), CITRIX (Less than 1 year), Customer Service (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Desktop Support (10+ years), Healthcare (10+ years), Active Directory, Itil (10+ years), Help Desk, training (10+ years), security (5 years), access (10+ years), testing (10+ years), ServiceNow (10+ years), Microsoft Office, Sharepoint, Health Information Managements (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Hardware Asset Management Professional (CHAMP) July 2018 to July 2020 International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers, CHAMP (Certified Hardware Asset Management Professional) Certificate # RtetXKWw9q Information Systems Security Certificate Present University of California, Irvine: Information Systems Security Certificate Additional Information TECHNICAL/COMPUTER SKILLS    Hardware: PC Dell, Zebra Label Printers, Dell Printers, Toshiba Printers, Ipad2, Notebooks tablets, Mobile Devices  OS: Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10  Software: Microsoft Office Suite 2010, Microsoft Project, MS Outlook, Microsoft Lync, Blackberry Enterprise Server, PCAnyWhere, GoTo Assist, Chartmaxx, Affinity, Citrix MetaFrame, Eclipsys Sunrise Clinical Manager (SCM), Service Now, Service Now (ITAM) Cisco WebEx, Nessus 5, Websense V7.7, Virtual Desktop, Dell KACE, Cisco VPN, Remedy, MobileIron, Sunflower Asset Management System (SAMS)