Sr. Information Security Assessor Sr. Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Assessor Washington, DC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Information Security Assessor Administrative Office of the US Courts August 2016 to Present Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts    ? Earned management recognition for 100% accurate Management & Operations sectional report; no modifications necessary; appraise system configuration data to identify security weaknesses.  ? Update management documentation utilized in all 50 states and US Protectorate Court Units and conduct interviews with key client stakeholders to evaluate the current information security practices  ? Evaluate security management, operational security and technical security policies and procedures and communicate results to technical staff and executive management Sr. Information Security Engineer Knight Point Systems June 2014 to April 2016 Implemented and documented cloud security solutions for AWS cloud networking environment and Workspaces implementation  ? Led the planning and implementation of enterprise IT systems, business operations, and facility defenses against inappropriate access to IT assets  ? Collaborated with county government personnel to provide vulnerability remediation on Cisco series routers and switches Sr. Network Security Engineer Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation January 2014 to June 2014 Defined secure configuration baselines based upon Federal requirements (DoD and/or Federal civilian) utilizing DISA STIGs and NIST SCAP content for Cisco IOS, ASA, CSS, Ironport and Nexus devices, saving eight hours of configuration changes per week  ? Improved PBGC's security posture by designing, documenting and spearheading the implementation of various network security initiatives to manage risk and reduce vulnerabilities  ? Reviewed client standards, polices, configuration baselines and device configuration to validate the approved auditable events for execution by the network Operation and Maintenance and Security Teams Manager of IT Security / Sr. Information Security Analyst Mitsubishi Nuclear Energy Systems September 2011 to December 2013 Developed and implemented training plan for new and existing employees; reduced training cost by $65K  ? Conducted vendor management and negotiated the update and renewal of enterprise software; resulted in a 66% cost reduction for the enterprise  ? Provided oversight of security operations including delivering technical direction for the team and internal business units in addition to the evaluation of security network hardware and software solutions to identify threats, reduce vulnerabilities and manage risk. Healthcare Information Security Analyst Children's National Medical Center September 2010 to August 2011 Led the deployment of endpoint security solution for over 6,500 computer systems in a 24/7/365 critical operating environment; exceeded the organization's goal to support 11 branch locations  ? Developed IT strategies to ensure the business infrastructure met existing and future requirements based on security needs and regulations  ? Performed risk assessments to ensure servers and workstations vulnerabilities were appropriately patches and secured to prevent system attacks and conducted audit investigations of infected endpoints and performed appropriate remediation Network Security Engineer ICF Macro International June 2008 to August 2010 Eradicated inaccurate and obsolete network traffic rules on enterprise firewall, reduced network intrusions by 20% and oversaw protection of the organization's communications network, valued at $100M and supporting 1000 customers  ? Developed course of action and led the upgrade to consolidate outdated firewalls to reduce hardware footprint and management overhead and assisted with SOX Compliance Audit  ? Performed monthly and quarterly vulnerability scans of the network to eliminate and/or minimize the threat of intrusions or hostile attack, to include follow-ups with client systems administrators to ensure compliance Education Master of Science in Industrial Hygiene University of Central Missouri - Warrensburg, MO Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology North Carolina A&T State University - Greensboro, NC Links https://www.linkedin.com.com/in/glennwilson01 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) Amazon Web Services Certified Solutions Architect - Professional Amazon Web Services Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Cisco Certified Network Professional Security (CCNP Security) Cisco Certified Network Associate Security (CCNA Security) Cisco Certified Network Associate Routing and Switching (CCNA R&S) Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL v3) Foundation