Manager IT Security Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager IT Security - ELECTRONIC TRANSACTION CONSULTANTS Frisco, TX Work Experience Manager IT Security ELECTRONIC TRANSACTION CONSULTANTS - Dallas, TX 2019 to Present Manage data loss prevention (DLP), lead PCI-DSS internal audits, SOC audits, configuration management audits, and conduct vulnerability assessments using Tenable.io Nessus Verify policy compliance using Microsoft Baseline  Security Analyzer and PowerShell scripts. Promote and facilitate cyber risk, security awareness, phishing campaigns, and training programs. Serve as key liaison between cyber security team and business stakeholders. Enforce security  standards and track remediations.  Highlighted Achievements Include:  * Drafted IT acceptable use policy and led company-wide training on use of company-owned devices.  * Led rollout of KACE SMA inventory management tool. Created authoritative database of company assets  and intellectual property.  * Led poof of value & rollout of NIDS Application ExtraHop Reveal(x)  * Trained staff on CIS Critical Security Controls 1-20  * Led port scanning and vulnerability scanning efforts using Tenable.io and Nmap  * Help prevent attacks by leading campaigns using Microsoft Advance Threat Protection (ATP), Palo Alto  (Firewall IDS/IPS), Tripwire(File Integrity Checking) and QRadar (SEIM) Senior Cyber Security Engineer ERNST & YOUNG, LLP - Dallas, TX 2018 to 2019 Cyber as a Service (CaaS)  Conducted vulnerability assessments and delivered status updates to clients during engagements. Delivered  strategic guidance and remediation advice to enable clients to realize improved security posture.  Highlighted Achievements Include:  * Led tabletop disaster recovery and incident response exercises, which included uncovering gaps and issuing  mitigation strategies.  * Identified critical and high vulnerabilities that represented immediate threats. Defined plans for patch  management and testing.  * Wrote and tested 3 incident response plans.  469 305-2710 • ahaskin99@att.net Principal Security Analyst - Threat AT&T 2013 to 2018 AT&T - Dallas, TX 2005 to 2018 Project Manager AT&T 2010 to 2013 2008-2010); System Administrator (2005-2008)  Identified potential security threats and vulnerabilities by using Tenable.io platform. Oversaw event monitoring and incident detection by utilizing Tenable Log Correlation Engine. Utilized RSA Archer, and AT&T internal security tools for  audit and compliance tracking. Assisted in preparing SAQ and ROC assessment reports for PCI compliance. Led  internal audits of data centers to ensure environmental and physical security controls were in place.  Engaged with stakeholders and vendors to drive compliance with PCI-DSS and contractual security obligations.  Identified and analyzed risks and threats to corporate data, including confidentially, integrity, and availability (CIA).  Tested business continuity plans for customers in hosting and application services environment. Led systems  administrators and application groups driving frame to frame replication projects using SRDF and Veritas Mirror.  Highlighted Achievements Include:  * Led concurrent IT and audit projects, managed resources, and directed project team meetings, including  reporting and analysis to track deliverables, manage risks, and resolve escalated issues.  o Served as internal auditor, which included traveling to data centers throughout country to conduct  physical and environmental audits for PCI, SOC1 & SOC2 purposes.  * Managed potential vulnerabilities, which included scanning ports and analyzing data centers' perimeters for issues, including malware and endpoint security. Initiated measures to drive security of technologies.  * Identified and issued risk mitigation strategies and conducted business impact analysis.  * Uncovered unsecure software versions; engaged with system administrators to upgrade or replace software  using RSA or 2-factor authentication to achieve compliance with internal and external security requirements.  * Leveraged broad understanding of IT workflow and processes to implement feedback from stakeholders  subsequent to SAN migrations. Incorporated project feedback into change maintenance windows, 4-week  communication timeline with onshore and offshore resources, as well as during root cause analysis meetings.  * Led global deployment of 300+ Nessus scan engines, as well as Tenable infrastructure, 3-year project focused  on implementing vulnerability management framework to protect data, infrastructure, and hardware. Senior Backup Administrator & Team Lead NORTEL NETWORKS - Richardson, TX 1998 to 2005 Administered and supported corporate backup policies and procedures, which included on-site storage services  policies and programs. Contributed to establishing strategic direction and implementation plan for storage  management at multiple sites. Selected for outsourcing engagement to CSC working on Nortel account ('05-'06).  Worked with platform technical architects to backup open files and Oracle databases.  Highlighted Achievements Include:  * Utilized Veritas NetBackup. Directed migration of Backup Exec to NetBackup software. Managed tape  backups for 590 servers totaling 1,700+ backups daily.  * Contributed to achieving 96% data recovery rate, resulting in being selected for a monetary award.  * Participated in business continuity and disaster recovery exercises, achieving 100% success rate. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY - College Station, TX Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security, Network Security, Linux, Nist, Siem Certifications/Licenses CISA Present Additional Information GIAC GISF