Senior IT Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior IT Analyst Austin, TX Work Experience Senior IT Analyst American Constructors LLC September 2017 to June 2018 As the dedicated member of the IT department I was responsible for:  • Cybersecurity posture of the entire company and remote jobsites.  • Design and install remote jobsite networks to main office network ensuring compliance with site Project Managers on common standards such as PMCS 27 11 and NERC CIP.  • Monitoring network devices for issues or vulnerabilities.  • Overall systems and network administration of Cisco Meraki hardware.  • Create and maintain documentation of all existing and future processes and procedures.  • Propose and deploy new or updated IT solutions company wide.  • Ensuring there is parity in security and usability and hardening systems where applicable. IT Security Analyst Caravan Health January 2016 to September 2017 • Create IT onboarding procedures.  • Ensure that existing and future software and transactions are HIPAA compliant.  • Create and maintain IT Security and Acceptable Use policies for endpoints.  • Provide top tier support to mostly remote users via secure RDP or other approved software.  • Propose and create Incident Response Teams as well as practice response procedures and protocols.  • Install hardware, audio/visual, and special software if applicable via policy or deskside install. Program Officer Corporation for National and Community Services September 2009 to October 2015 • Manage a multi-million dollar portfolio of AmeriCorps programs to ensure federal compliance.  • Conduct community outreach for development opportunities and attended orientations and job  fairs.  • Provide programmatic and technical guidance on the pre/post awarding of federal grants to grant recipients and the associated board of directors.    VMSU Team Leader  • Administrative management of over 20 specialists.  • Oversee the scheduling, briefing, debriefing or deadlines and orientations on a rolling basis.  • Interview and recommend new hire pool to VMSU Director.  • Point of escalation for handling customer calls or queries.  • Perform administrative level database changes to user accounts using agency proprietary  databases.  • Create and or maintained policies and procedures for the specialists.  • Attend leadership training at headquarters in Washington DC to grow professionally.    VMSU Technician  • Group leader of three other specialists for workload prioritization.  • Provide technical and administrative support to over 5,000 AmeriCorps VISTA members.  • Provide technical and administrative support onsite at member orientations across the country.  • Perform call center functions for VISTA members.  • Train fellow team members on agency systems such as Crystal Reports, eSpan, and Discoverer. Aviation Machinists Mate United States Navy January 2000 to October 2004 • Inspected and completed aircraft maintenance according to US Navy standards.  • Maintained written electronic repair logs,  • Integrated NALCOMIS aircraft maintenance management systems manuals for troubleshooting, repair, and procedures.  • Performed CD/QAR functions on daily/weekly/monthly and phase level scheduled  maintenance.  • Performed VATS analysis on H-60F as a troubleshooter.  • Aircraft Plane Captain on H-60F. Responsible for pre/post flight checks of aircraft. Education BA in Political Science Texas State University 2010 Skills Nist, Cyber Security, Information Security, Siem, Network Security, Active Directory (2 years), Cisco Meraki (4 years), Customer Service (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dustin-k Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E4 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ September 2017 to September 2020 CCNA Routing and Switching in Progress August 2019 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) (Will test for this on September 1 2019)