Senior Technical Risk Expert Senior Technical Risk Expert Senior Technical Risk Expert - Walmart, Inc Bentonville, AR Work Experience Senior Technical Risk Expert Walmart, Inc - Bentonville, AR August 2012 to Present • Interpreting and Delivering evolving security controls around new and emerging technology that aligns with the speed at which the business is moving. Key focus on Security being a partner and not a process in the delivery to the customers.  • Proven leader in parsing out the risk surface to what's exploitable. Framing a transparent and actionable path for risk mitigation. With an output that is consumable by leadership and technical mavens to ingest.  • Delivering enterprise risk assessments across all lines of business and markets, including mergers & acquisitions, ecommerce, cloud computing, payment systems, health and wellness, customer analytics, financials, human resources, and mobile applications.  • Champion in taking a concept, framing a strategy around it making it an actionable solution.  • Operationally ensuring risk assessment processes and solutions accomplish organizational objectives and align with company standards as well as external regulations and requirements.  • Passionate on staying evergreen learning new technologies, security standards, and frameworks (FAIR, ITIL, NIST, ISO). Knowing where the ball is going, not just where it's been.  • Guided team members and key stakeholders in establishing key project goals and objectives; established effective short-term priorities and long-term goals.    Selected Achievements:  • Collaborates with leaders across the cybersecurity, legal, privacy, and auditing departments to design roadmaps and enterprise solutions for governance, risk management, and compliance programs.  • Led risk assessments for acquisitions and mergers. Information Security Officer / Security Architect Oklahoma Turnpike Authority - Oklahoma City, OK August 2005 to August 2012 • Provided administrative oversight of risk assessment projects mandated by the state.  • Assisted in assessing risks and controls; collaborated with external companies for third party audits.  • Monitored daily risk assessment and disaster recovery operations in order to promote business continuity and drive enhanced performance.  • Served as a key stakeholder in critical information security initiatives which ensured ongoing compliance with applicable laws, regulations, ITIL, and Cobit frameworks.  • Developed and implemented architectures which provided high availability and fault-tolerant systems.  Selected Achievements:  • Led the design, development, and deployment of strategies and plans for virtual machine and backup architectures related to data access, disaster recovery, and business continuity.  • Spearheaded PCI compliance. Identified opportunities to effectively mitigate risks associated with cardholder data and implemented enterprise security policies and processes that complied with Payment Card Industry (PCI) mandates. Managed merchant level one compliance-PCI reporting to the merchant banks.  • Directed quarterly validation and established process improvements for a tapeless backup conversion process, which contributed to the project's return on investment. IT Project Team Lead HNTB - Plano, TX May 2004 to August 2005 • Provided management reporting oversight of projects in areas of PCI compliance, change management, business continuity, and disaster recovery for governmental entities around all technology initiatives  • Developed and delivered project requests for proposals (RFPs) creating new contractual opportunities for the business.  • Implemented process improvements to streamline departmental operations and policies.  • Served as a subject matter expert regarding industry best practices and methodologies around technologies initiatives Sr. Security Analyst Engineer ConocoPhillips / Conoco / Schlumberger / CSC Bartlesville - Ponca City, OK June 1997 to May 2004 • Team Lead for administration of global antivirus and patch management for a Microsoft infrastructure with 3,000+ servers and 40,000+ workstations.  • Stakeholder in investigation of security events, root causes, conducted technology audits, and addressed security threats for 30+ locations within the US. Created security initiatives, including global antivirus and patch management.  • Architected and implemented endpoint policy configuration management. This provided monitoring with partnering tools with an output of reporting and ability to react to rogue configurations.  Selected Achievements:  • Collaborated with Microsoft staff as an early adopter-deployment partner in the design of Microsoft SMS 2003 environment which consisted of 200+ servers, 35,000+ clients, and the packaging of +8,000 unique applications.  • Led a project to consolidate and centralize administrative operations, serving as the change management liaison for global business units.    Technical Proficiencies  • Mergers and Acquisitions, Enterprise integration, Point of Sale and Payment flow-PCI Compliance, Data Assurance and Data protection around Personally Identifiable Data (PII), HIPAA and Health and Wellness systems. BYOD & Enterprise Mobile Device Management, Customer Facing Kiosks, Azure AD, Azure B2B, Azure Conditional Access, Azure Information Protection, O365 Enterprise suite, McAfee Enterprise AV, Slack, Facebook-Workplace, RSA Archer, JIRA, Confluence Qualys, Ping Federation Federated Identity, EMC Avamar-BC/DR, Imperva Web Firewalls-WAF and Database Firewalls-DBF Skills Ecommerce, Saas, Security, Data protection, Hipaa, Pci, Qualys, Firewalls, Byod, Federated identity, Rsa, Iaas, Paas, Database, Avamar, Jira, Health and wellness, M&a, Governance, Mergers and acquisitions Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/romanfleshman Additional Information Areas of expertise include:    • Governance / Risk Compliance  • Data Assurance  • Mobile & IOT Security  • Ecommerce / Payment Systems    • M&A Integrations  • Cyber Intelligence  • Executive Reporting  • Cloud Computing    • Policies & Standards  • PCI / HIPAA / GDPR/PII Data  • Vulnerability Management  • IaaS / PaaS / SaaS