Systems Analyst Consultant Systems <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Consultant Self-motivated ~ People person ~ Honest ~ Friendly Memphis, TN To secure a new position from a financially stable company, which will utilize and optimize my skills and appreciate the strong work ethic that I provide. I am interested in obtaining a position with possible room for advancement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Analyst Consultant CoactionNet - Memphis, TN August 2017 to Present I analyze and consult on the transfer of client data files, from one reporting systems to another. Additionally, I assist with the data file transfer work. I also schedule and host client training sessions, as well as functionality request meetings. IT Systems Analyst Specialist Sedgwick CMS - Memphis, TN May 2013 to July 2017 I gathered and documented Programming/Development requirements, for IT projects submitted by internal and external (clients and vendors) sources, to provide our programmer/developer colleagues with a written document, to direct them on how to update existing system logic, or create new system logic (depending on the request submitted). I supported multiple IT teams, as an SA, and documented requirements for over 200 projects during my time in this role. IT Support Analyst II Sedgwick CMS - Memphis, TN October 2008 to May 2013 I analyzed IT Support Calls, submitted by Sedgwick colleagues, as well as client and vendor users, to determine what was causing the reported technical issues, with the affected system. STAT (formerly Support Services) supported over 10 different applications, so an in-depth knowledge of how the applications worked was required. Once I analyzed the submitted technical call, I determined if I could resolve the issue myself, or if the issue should be escalated to one of our Programming/Development teams, for further research and resolution. Sometimes, if a call came in that was not handled by our team, I redirected the caller to the appropriate team, for resolution of their reported issue. System Security Coordinator Sedgwick CMS - Memphis, TN September 2005 to October 2008 I processed and handled the coordination of multiple security-related requests for our numerous Colleagues and Client users, in regards to our JURIS, viaOne and SIR systems. I organized my workflow and completed the requests sent in to give new access or to change users' existing access. I made contact with many different JURIS Coordinators, Project Managers, etc. to determine what specific access needs they had, if or when their requests were unclear. I also logged each request as a call in or Clientele system, and also via e-mail, which helped our department keep track of how many requests each Coordinator was handling on a monthly basis. I took phone calls from JURIS Coordinators and others to answer questions related to access in JURIS and help them determine what they should request to gain the access they needed. I also helped with larger Security-related projects, when needed. Claims Examiner I Sedgwick CMS - Memphis, TN March 2005 to September 2005 I processed and adjusted claims from beginning to end for our client, Storage USA, and their insured tenants. My duties included making contact with our client's numerous individual facility locations across the country, as well as with the claimants themselves, to determine the circumstances of the loss. I also assigned other Independent Adjusters to certain claims that were difficult or that needed local visual inspections of the loss sites, etc. I drafted and issued Denial Letters and other important insurance documents, such as Notices of Loss letters, Schedules of Article inventory sheets, Property Loss Worksheets, and Proof of Loss Statements. I issued all related claim payments, including all expenses incurred during the processing of a claim and I calculated claim settlement payments by depreciating replacement costs to their A.C.V. amounts. I thoroughly completed all claims assigned to me and entered notes and pertinent information into our JURIS system, for future references. Education Undergraduate degree University of Memphis in Undergraduate Studies 1995 to 1999 Immaculate Conception High School in Memphis 1991 to 1995 Skills Requirements Gathering (3 years), Systems Analysis (3 years), Insurance (10+ years), Claims Adjusting (3 years), Technical Support (5 years), Systems Security (3 years)