Chief Technology Officer Chief Technology Officer Chief Technology Officer Work Experience Chief Technology Officer Envision Health Labs, LLC 2016 to 2017 • In charge of all technology related items for a clinical and anatomic pathology lab.  • Create reliable and stable environment for LIS and normal domain network.  • Build a large virtual environment for LIS systems.  • Create a HIPAA certified environment for local and hosted systems.  • Implement a hosted VoIP phone system.  • Assist in LIS and EMR interfaces for clients and external reference lab.  • Create procedures and policies for regulatory entities.    Key Contributions  Plan, create, and implement a new network for a AP/CP laboratory. Assist in the LIS and instrumentation deployment. Install a VoIP phone system. Configure Office 365 for a secure and compliant HIPAA use. Configure a network that was secure and used DLP technology to mitigate data loss. IT Consultant/Systems Engineer Electronic Strategies, Inc 2015 to 2016 • Evaluate, customers need/project and develop scope of work along with list of material needed to complete project.  • Perform in depth investigations into client's IT infrastructure.  • Research appropriate hardware and software needed for proper solution.  • Document solution and present to client's approval.  • Plan project and implement if approved.  • Document solution and do knowledge transfer when complete.    Key Contributions  Plan and implement reliable and proper solutions for various types of businesses. Utilize partner resources to get technical assistance on assuring clients received best solution. Used partnerships to get better pricing for clients. Assist other engineers with their projects as needed. A large portion of my projects dealt with compliancy. HIPAA, PCI-DSS mostly. Performing assessments and recommending remediation actions. Also responsible for interactions with the help desk and handling any escalations from tier 1 or 2 and making sure they were routed to the appropriate resource within the company. Network Engineer Holmans of Nevada 2010 to 2011 • Supported 30+ small to medium businesses.  • Employed Sonicwall, Watchguard, and Fortinet for client firewalls and routers. Configured these devices as needed for security. Created VPN tunnels to remote offices as well as client-side VPN.  • Introduced the business class firewall to many small businesses that were using home grade equipment. This helped reduce malware infections since the network had its own filtering and antivirus.  • Support and installed multiple server operating systems per client needs. Assisted in assessing those needs by auditing all applications and services that were in use.  • Monitored client networks using N-Central. This allowed for advanced warning of possible issues as well as current ones.  • Utilized VMware for cost savings as well as resiliency for client servers and networks.  • Performed PCI-DSS audits and testing on networks. Primarily for POS systems.  • Migrated several clients to Office 365 for hosted email and other services. Which eliminated any need from having to buy new hardware and software to run exchange locally.  • Used Autotask for ticketing and CRM.    Key Contributions  • Quickly adapted to not only a new local network for the office however 30+ client networks. Provided excellent customer support for clients.  • Updated client network documentation. So, a new employee could quickly navigate.  • Using Autotask and N-Central together client issues would automatically be assigned a ticket and notifications sent to client as well as support staff. Self-Employment 2005 to 2009 2011- Present  IT Consultant  • Manage and maintain all aspects of a client's network. Support all end users for multiple clients. Create and implement any solution needed by clients.  • Be tier 1 through 3 for all support issues.  • Perform routine maintenance on all devices and servers. To ensure maximum up time for clients.  • Work with vendors for hardware, software or hosted solutions.  • Employ small business server for clients.  • Advise clients of new technology that will reduce costs or improve functionality.  • Make sure clients are compliant of any regulatory organizations. (HIPAA, CAP, CLIA, JCOH, PCI-DSS)  • Migrated users from SBS to Office 365 and 2012 Server Essentials    Key Contributions  Provide a level of service of a full time IT support staff for companies too small to employ such a skilled full-time person. Provide all services from procurement to implementation. Save clients time and money by finding accurate solutions. One major project was in Illinois. A drug testing laboratory. Sourced, configured and implemented their entire information systems. Including working with the LIS vendor. Also starting to migrate users to Office 365. Which in the long term will lower their IT related costs. IT Security Analyst Unisys 2004 to 2005 • Monitored and maintained Symantec antivirus for the entire corporation. Would ensure all antivirus servers were updated and configured correctly. Monitored the logs for suspicious activity and out of date definitions on client computers. If client would not update or clean any malicious software, we would enter a ticket to their tier 2 support group.  • Would monitor IDS systems via the ISS portal. Even though it was mostly automated we still had to manage and monitor portions.  Key Contributions  • Updated some procedures that made it us more efficient when we needed to work on AV servers.  • Created scripts and batch files to assist command line functions  • Updated documentation when needed. Systems Administrator NNC Group 2001 to 2004 • Administrated 30+ Windows 2000 and 2003 servers. As well as 3 exchange servers. In an environment that demanded 99.99% uptime.  • Implemented a redundant WAN connection utilizing Cisco PIX and 2600 series routers.  • Supported 100+ end users on windows XP and Office.  • Took care of all MS licensing and purchases.    Key Contributions  • Implemented hosted spam filtering service. Reduced incoming email by 60%. Saved $5,000 on server upgrades due to capacity issues.  • Setting up redundant WAN connection to keep a major client from leaving. Skills CISCO, EXCHANGE, NETWORKING, TCP/IP, VPN Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Network+ July 2019 to August 2022 CompTIA Security+ August 2019 to August 2022