Assistant Vice President - IT Business analyst Assistant Vice President - <span class="hl">IT</span> Business <span class="hl">analyst</span> Assistant Vice President - IT Business analyst - Deutsche Bank Orange Park, FL IT professional with 8+ years of experience in delivering technical support, quality assurance, writing extensive end user instructional documentation, and implementing critical security measures. Proven leadership in facilitating business requirements gathering and determining technical impacts. Drives customer satisfaction in support of user acceptance testing and operational readiness during system implementation. I possess strong verbal communication and written skills with additional capabilities in project management and client relations. Work Experience Assistant Vice President - IT Business analyst Deutsche Bank - Jacksonville, FL January 2019 to Present • Gather business requirements to translate into technical solutions for 5 Global eDiscovery teams.  • Manage the overall process of preparing and completing user acceptance testing, training end users, and operational acceptance testing.  • Develop documents for test plans, training, and reporting per software update release cycle.  • Use SDLC processes to develop and manage contingency plans in case of failed requirements or roadblocks. Associate - Quality Analyst Deutsche Bank - Jacksonville, FL January 2015 to January 2019 • Manage the inclusion of requirements to update the eDiscovery Data Recovery Client Management Tool.  • Provide incident management analysis to assist with closure of discovered issues with process or lack of a process.  • Managed the formation of an operational level agreement between eDiscovery Operations and a service level team.  • Responsible for supportive QA training to scrum teams and other QA members as needed.  • Promoted to Assistant Vice President after 4 years. Analyst - Data Recovery Analyst (Experis) Deutsche Bank - Jacksonville, FL January 2014 to January 2015 • Reviewed and performed data discovery and recovery searches against numerous resources for eDiscovery.  • Managed day-to-day workload of assigned data recovery tasks as a Search Coordinator and provided updates to requesters.    • Promoted to Search Coordinator within one month.    • Promoted to Quality Control Analyst within 6 months after moving to Search Coordinator. Security Administrator I Genesee & Wyoming, INC - Jacksonville, FL March 2013 to December 2013 • Managed new hire, change and termination user/ security requests for network accounts and other systems.    • Collaborated with internal teams to improve security and conduct application security role testing. IT Security Administrator Rail America, INC - Jacksonville, FL August 2011 to March 2013 Managed new hire and terminated security requests for network accounts and acted as the SAP and SharePoint Admin. Information Security Analyst Citibank - Jacksonville, FL December 2010 to August 2011 Managed new hire and terminated user requests for network accounts, Unix/Box accounts, and Teradata accounts. Help Desk Analyst Merrill lynch - Jacksonville, FL February 2010 to December 2010 Answered incoming service desk calls that related to password resets, account provisioning, and general application issues. Help Desk/Notes Technician PGA Tour, INC - Ponte Vedra Beach, FL November 2008 to December 2009 Answered incoming service desk calls and imaged user laptops and desktops for new employees. Education Master of Science degree in Information Systems University of phoenix June 2009 Bachelor of Science degree in Information Systems Security ITT Technical Institute March 2008 Certifications/Licenses MCSA December 2013 to Present ITIL v3 April 2012 to Present