Senior Information Security Advisor/Team Lead Senior Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Advisor/Team Lead Senior Information Security Advisor/Team Lead - ANTHEM Atlanta, GA Work Experience Senior Information Security Advisor/Team Lead ANTHEM December 2018 to Present • Managed Data Loss Prevention Team  • Implemented new policies  • Risk Assessment and risk analysis  • Worked with Privacy and Ethics in response to incidents  • Vendor Management  • Partnered with Privacy and Ethics for escalation and user education  • Created targeted user education training for Data Loss Prevention  • Provided guidance on PCI DSS  • Created documentation for PCI evidence collection  • Collaborated with other teams to determine scope for PCI DSS  • Mentored junior analysts  • Collaborated with other teams to achieve shared vision  • Managed Security Exceptions for the DLP Team  • Created DLP Awareness Training for the entire organization  • Managed Audit and Compliance for the DLP Team Senior Consultant POINT SOLUTIONS October 2018 to December 2018 • Stood up GDPR Program for customers  • Stakeholder Management  • Risk Analysis  • Privacy incident response  • Designed Test Plans for Compliance  • Achieved shared vision to assist customers with remediation Lead Security Engineer AARON'S INC May 2017 to October 2018 • Audit roles and responsibilities for least privilege  • Determine RBAC for audit an compliance for Azure  • Approved changes for IAM elevated privileges  • Audited segregation of duties for SOX and PCI  • Implemented PCI as a program  • Partnered with Privacy for escalation and user education  • Strengthen Identity and access management posture of the organization by creating documentation to support Azure processes.  • Created Stakeholder Training  • Created PCI Awareness Training  • Risk Management  • Worked with DLP team to remediate scans and improve process  • Provided guidance around Data Classification  • Conducted Security Awareness Training  • Considered a SME and gave guidance to other teams from a Security and Compliance perspective  • Worked closely with the PCI QSA to achieve PCI Certification  • Conducted Vendor Management Assessment for all security vendors  • Project Management  • Assessed risk for new applications and changes in environment  • Partnered with Senior Leadership to achieve shared vision for Risk and Compliance enterprise wide  • Trained and mentored junior level GRC analysts and interns Lead IT Security Engineer THE HOME DEPOT October 2015 to May 2017 • Approved roles changes for IAM  • Audited and reviewed RBAC  • Audited segregation of duties for SOX and PCI  • Implemented Archer as GRC tool.  • Used Archer to remediate findings  • Wrote and managed technical documentation including policy, procedures, standards, and baselines.  • Provided Risk assessments on all applications and changes in the security environment  • Worked with Vendor Management Program including working with legal to obtain PCI compliant verbiage for all third-party service provider agreements.  • Regarded as the company SME in PCI and Compliance and consulted with other teams to achieve shared vision.  • Partnered with Privacy and legal for escalation and to maintain compliance  • Provided Compliance guidance for Vulnerability Management Program  • Implemented and documented Compliance Program  • Trained junior associates in compliance process  • Worked closely with senior leadership to address remediation and give status reports ad hoc. Team Lead PCI and Compliance Specialist PRINCIPLE SOLUTIONS GROUP/ELAVON February 2015 to October 2015 • Managed Team of Security Analysts specializing in PCI  • Completed 4 PCI ROC including PA DSS and PCI DSS  • Wrote and managed technical documentation including policy, procedures, standards, and baselines.  • Used Archer to track findings and remediation  • Managed Vendor Management Program including working with legal to obtain PCI compliant verbiage for all third-party service provider agreements.  • Consulted on customer PCI compliance questions and security questionnaires.  • Worked with various teams across the organization to advise on PCI and collect necessary evidence.  • Created and conducted PCI awareness training.  • Worked Data Loss Prevention Team on various projects.  • Implemented Archer for PCI and Compliance GRC. Team Lead IT Security and Compliance Analyst OVERSIGHT SYSTEMS September 2013 to February 2015 • Performed risk management in order to implement compliance standards for SSAE16, PCI, SOX, FISCAM.  • Managed Security Risk and Compliance Team  • Managed vulnerability scans using Tripwire and Qualys.  • Created and conducted Security Awareness Training and PCI Awareness Training.  • Utilized a PCI-approved third party for penetration testing.  • Created and managed vendor management program.  • Technical writing including policy, procedures, and published security content.  • Maintained security framework based on NIST 800-53.  • Developed forensics lab to research potential breaches and vulnerabilities. Senior Enterprise Security Analyst UPP TECHNOLOGY/ NORIDIAN HEALTH SERVICES January 2013 to July 2013 contractor)  • Technical writing including policy, procedures, standards, and work instructions  • Performed Risk Assessments.  • Responsible for all compliance including HIPAA/HITECH, SSAE16, CMS, NIST, FISMA.  • Technical Project Planning  • Perform security guidance and training  • Vulnerability Management  • Application/Software Control  • Pre and Post audit compliance  • Incident Management Security Analyst RANDSTAD TECHNOLOGIES/ MCKESSON August 2012 to January 2013 contractor)  • Support McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation(MPSA) business unit  • Responsible for all MPSA HIPAA/HITECH Assessment including scoping, control design testing, and maintain and update Archer.  • Managed and maintained PCI Certification for MPSA.  • Managed SSAE16 audit for MPSA.  • Vulnerability Management including scanning, reporting, and monitoring remediation using Nessus.  • Managed DLP in ePO for MPSA  • IT Project Management including Archer administration  • Maintained Asset Management utilizing ePO and Archer  • Vendor Management including risk assessments and rapid risk profiles on all MPSA vendors  • Created Metrics reporting presented to senior leadership.  • Created formalized documentation to meet HIPAA, SSAE16, and PCI requirements  • Maintained SharePoint site for Information Security Risk Management.  • Participated in Disaster Recovery for MPSA.  • Participated in customer security presentations. Information Security Analyst PRINCIPLE SOLUTIONS/ ALLCONNECT May 2012 to July 2012 • Technical Writer for all security documentation such as policy and procedures and business continuity plan  • SharePoint Administration including setup, training, maintenance and access control  • Create dashboards and pivot tables for senior management  • Point of contact for all security audit inquiries  • IT project management  • Maintain security documentation according to PCI and SOX compliance  • Recommend best security products  • Review current products for improvement, replacement, and cost effectiveness  • Implement best security practices for networking and applications  • Review customer audits for any identified risks and ensure remediation is completed  • Perform root cause analysis for any identified risk  • Create and maintain SharePoint portal to house security policies and procedures  • Negotiate security contracts  • Identify security gaps and make recommendations for improvement Senior Security Analyst PROTIVITI GOVERNMENT SERVICES - CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION September 2011 to February 2012 • SharePoint administration including but not limited to, assisting with rollout, training and usage, presentations, and access control  • Assist Information Security Officer with maintaining vulnerability assessments reporting using IBM AppScan and Guardium.for compliance according to NIST and FISMA  • Negotiate contracts and process renewal  • Monitored Intrusion Detection Systems  • Create PowerPoint presentations and Excel pivot tables for senior management meetings  • Incident management using various tools.  • Assign and close tickets for remediation of identified security violations.  • Provide input to written reports describing detailed findings that result from security evaluations. Issue McAfee encrypted drives for support of CDC security policies.  • Respond to security audit requests for division Security Analyst Lead INTUIT November 2007 to July 2011 • IT Project Management for Security Division monitor and maintain all security related projects.  • Performed forensics on desktops and servers  • SharePoint administration included creating and maintaining security repository and intranet channel, user training, and access control  • Point of contact for security audit related inquiries and client scans  • Utilized Data Loss Prevention tools such as McAfee and Symantec  • Used Snort and Cisco Intrusion Detection systems for Unix/Windows  • Created and maintained complex pivot table reports for departmental use and presented information to senior management  • Vendor Management including contract negotiation  • Reporting using PowerPoint for presentation to senior managers and security training  • Utilized Microsoft Project to track milestones, deadlines and resources  • Utilized pivot table reports to track risk and audit information  • Trend Micro Deep Security Manager and Agent using VMware's Vshield Endpoint platform  • Conduct vulnerability assessments and monitor all remediation efforts for PCI Compliance  • Troubleshoot internet VPN connectivity issues with TCP/IP  • Set configurations for Cisco firewalls to install vulnerability appliances  • Review Enterprise hardware environments including Linux, Windows XP, and Windows 7  • Reviewed access logs and physical access logs for unusual security events  • Conducted security audits for PCI and SOX compliance  • Control and monitor vendor physical and system access  • First point of contact for security questions and audit response  • Vendor management included conducting vendor risk assessment and controlling vendor system access.  • Fulfill firewall request according to change management  • Monitor and maintain Access Log with proper audit trail  • Incident response and root cause analysis  • Day to day monitoring, analysis, decision-making, and response to firewall rule events, intrusion prevention system events, data loss prevention system events, antivirus events, and host based security events.  • Technical writing included creating and maintaining all security policies and procedures Education Computer Information Systems Chattahoochee Technical College Skills Security, Sharepoint, Cisco pix, Data loss prevention, Dlp