Driver Driver Driver - H Beltran Trucking San Antonio, TX Seeking a position requiring security analyst with an opportunity to advance. My objective is to continue my education in the Information Technology industry to adapt with the level of requirements needed to perform the task. Work Experience Driver H Beltran Trucking - San Antonio, TX February 2016 to Present my helper and I are responsible for the delivery and setup of merchandise in the customers' home. Driver and helper perform the necessary delivery functions in a safe and professional manner, while staying on schedule to meet our customers' expectations.  SPECIFIC DUTIES:  * Operate the delivery vehicle in a safe and courteous manner.  * Setting up furniture and securing goods as needed.  * Maintaining high performance levels by keeping within the customer time window.  * Accurately communicate and document the delivery transaction using either a mobile device or the provided paperwork.  * Unload or load product as needed at stores or warehouse.  * Performs other duties as assigned. Infrastructure Analyst CPS Energy - San Antonio, TX August 2016 to April 2019 Serves as an internal information security consultant to the organization. Assists in the development and implementation of security policies and procedures. Initiates, facilitates and promotes activities to create information security awareness within the organization. Performs information security risk assessments and serves as an internal expert for information security related issues. Reviews all system-related security plans throughout the organization's corporate information systems and applications. Monitors compliance with information security policies and procedures, referring problems to the appropriate department manager or business area. Supports the security incident response process. Provides input in selection of system software and hardware, with emphasis on security and compliance requirements. Provides incident and problem resolution supports development of security deliverables for enhancements to production systems and new development. Implements ongoing improvements to security configurations and operating procedures. Performs other duties as assigned. Analyst Application Security CPS Energy - San Antonio, TX January 2015 to July 2016 2  * Establishes system controls and maintains business application by developing framework for controls and levels of access; recommending improvements. Maintains administration support to SAP ECC, BI and other systems by providing information, resources, and technical support. Ensures authorized access is provided by investigating, examining; revoking access; reporting violations; monitoring information and also recommending improvements. Assist with security risk assessments, security plan reviews and security awareness. Establishes computer and terminal physical security by developing standards, policies, and procedures; coordinating with security or operation facilities for recommending improvements. Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results as needed. Ability to learn and adapt to develop skills where required. Information Security Analyst Citi - San Antonio, TX October 2013 to December 2014 Implement appropriate security solutions compliant with security policy by leveraging knowledge of applicable technical platforms and business processes. Interface with business managers, end-users, and technical staff for provisioning access and exercises independent judgment in analyzing, configuring, and fulfilling required security solutions including permissions and entitlements. Collect and analyze evidence and coordinates with internal and external compliance and auditing agencies / officials. Apply problem-solving skills combined with knowledge of networking, database, server and desktop technologies and configurations to produce secure solution to remote access. Provide tier I and II end user technical assistanc. Troubleshoot and resolve the more complex and escalated issues not able to be addressed by the help desk requiring solid attention to detail. Prioritize tasks and effectively mange multiple responsibilities in a dynamic environment. Problem solving abilities, analytical skills, and proven ability to meet challenging deadlines IT Field Technician Dahill - San Antonio, TX December 2010 to October 2013 As a level 2 support, I configure printer(s) to client workstation(s) or Microsoft Window Server and establish print connection to company policy and inhouse development applications. Examine business to implement proper drivers are establish in their operating platform. Create network and sub-folders to channel scans through the proper server directory through FTP or SMB. Create user accounts on Microsoft Window Server(s) if necessary to provide user access level and authentication. Configure exchange server SMTP settings for outgoing destination to initiate outgoing emails. Knowledgeable of protocols TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP and Command Prompt for network troubleshooting. I am responsible for learning and adapting to the new technology as well as performing other duties as required. Retail Consultant Sprint - San Antonio, TX August 2008 to December 2010 Provide assistant and customer service to clients to resolve solutions with inquiries and meet or exceed service and sales objectives by matching wireless and data solutions to the customer. Triage device and program the phone to Sprint CDMA network settings and also setup smart phone PDA and BlackBerry to emails providers SMTP/POP/IMAP/Exchange or Blackberry Exchange Servers. Support customers with Wi-Fi issues and wireless connection cards to PC/Laptop. Create service ticket for technicians to perform in-depth triage if necessary. Security Administrator II Harland Clarke - San Antonio, TX September 2001 to April 2007 At the direction of the Senior Security Architect (SSA) implements the necessary controls to RACF (Resource Access Control Facility and Vanguard administrative tasks.) UserID/password maintenance, production/model program moves, TranID maintenance, Load libraries, update PDS and Members. Create new group profile to system database using Racf/Vanguard products. Respond to security access request for RACF userids, IDEAL Transactions, and ensure proper connection to user application. Monitor/close Service Center tickets and prioritize hot tickets. Create/update AOE userids for Clarke American Partners. Monitor the systems for potential exposures to prevent business interruption or severe outages. Review mainframe log files daily for security violation and provide report to management. Work with internal auditor(s) for security enhancement and provide file encryption reports. Participate in the training and development of new Information Security Office and Mainframe Associates. Work with teams to manage solutions to deliver customer first and measurement. Acts as backup, on-call, and substituted for other team members. Assistant Manager Reyes Unlimited - San Antonio, TX December 1995 to December 2002 Assist with technical and administrative management of jewelry store and cellular services. Correspondence includes billing, requisitioning, organizing sale receipts at end of the day, filling, cellular activation and provide high priority customer service. Contact clients, assist taking inventory and audit the store, also handle accounts receivable and payables. Established and balance the monthly supplies budget. Perform other duties. Technical Support Psychological Corp - San Antonio, TX September 1999 to December 2000 Provide assistance to our desktop user community under the supervision of the Network Administrator. Set up workstations and remove computers from a network group, resolve network connectivity issues, load and configure software applications, including a working knowledge of TCP/IP Networking, print devices, internet access and authentication issues to LAN users. Installation of computers & peripherals, run diagnostics software, troubleshoot calls, computer repair, daily maintenance on workstations, replace hardware devices if necessary and upgrade latest version of software modified by programmers to all workstations. Always prioritize and respond to end-user(s) needs to provide their proper support. Respond to meeting critical deadlines and have a willingness to learn new processes and programs. Assist with projects and other duties as assigned. Office Clerk/ Courier Core Laboratories Inc - San Antonio, TX December 1995 to July 1999 Placed data into computer to maintain records, file and submit applicants, work with clients to ensure their complaints or concerns, receive incoming and make outgoing calls, make referrals, assist in coordinating projects and supervised office in occasion. Provide information to clients as requested. Perform special duties assigned by management. Collect samples from project sites and ensured samples were listed properly. Respond to emergency calls and provide them with proper equipment. Transported and shipped samples and ensure proper procedures. Travel out of town to receive samples from other clients. Education Information Technology Kaplan College November 2001 San Antonio Community College 1993 Commercial Driver's License (CDL) Class C Expires: December 2024