Senior Manager Senior Manager Senior Manager - Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City High-performing information technology professional with over twenty years' experience in information security, leadership, and technical work. Strengths include leadership, strategic thinking, communication, information security, general technology knowledge, and analytical problem solving. Has initiated and led multiple initiatives in information security, organizing teams, strategic planning, strengthening communications, and implementing technology solutions. Work Experience Senior Manager Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City - Kansas City, KS November 2012 to Present • Lead and coach team of 14 staff members consisting of information security, data warehouse, dev ops, service desk, infrastructure, and administrative staff in support of an academic environment within a larger corporation.  • Lead parts of the CRA strategic plan of shifting resources to the cloud.  • Develop district wide Capture the Flag activity to improve technical skills and cross team development.  • Provide information security advice and policy guidance at the local and system level.  • Participate in Bank-wide and System-wide leadership and functional committees.  • Work with other staff members to conduct data analysis and implement data analysis tools.  • Work on methodologies to increase communication within the department.  • Consult on budget planning for the Research division.  • Work with other Research leaders on staff appreciation planning. IT Strategic Planning Leader Federal Reserve Board of Governors - Washington, DC May 2017 to October 2017 • Immersed into a team of 30+ in a compressed timeframe while working remotely.  • Led strategic planning exercise, which resulted in a paper outlining a three to five-year strategic plan.  • Mentored leadership team through one-on-one and group conversations.  • Updated senior leadership on a regular basis. Information Security Architect Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City - Kansas City, KS July 2009 to November 2012 • Performed as the team leader for Information Security Architects and Specialists.  • Coached teammates on both technical and career related items.  • Provided guidance to IS team and business owners as the Bank adopted a NIST SP-800 based risk management program.  • Developed IS training program around NIST SP-800 for peers and business owners.  • Gave presentations, updates, and wrote white papers to IT management as needed.  • Provided consultation to bank employees regarding security policy and processes; and best practices.  • Worked with system groups to provide security advice.  • Worked with application developers using black box and white box scanners to develop secure applications.  • Volunteered for non-job-related activities: mentor program, diversity liaison, employee club board, tour guide, and departmental event planning. Security Analyst TEKSystems / ECS - Kansas City, MO November 2008 to July 2009 • Performed Phase I Certification and Accreditation for Farm Service Agency of the United States Department of Agriculture.  • Assisted ISO in developing processes and procedures for information security.  • Provided guidance to team members and government employees regarding NIST guidance. Director/Senior Security Analyst Computer Security Consulting, Inc - Warrensburg, MO November 2006 to November 2008 • Performed Phase I and Phase II Certification and Accreditation (C&A) for government agencies.  • Acted as the CIO for a period of time: duties included people management, architecture, web development, corporate security, MOSS 2007, and other technical guidance.  • Wrote and submitted proposals for RFQs / RFPs.  • Developed and gave guidance on documents, policies, and templates for FISMA and NIST compliance. Systems Security Specialist General Dynamics - Kansas City, MO July 2004 to September 2006 • Developed a custom database application to record and report on the state of the security controls for a variety of systems. This resultedd in saving the team 50% of the time needed to perform the work and increased the consistency of the data.  • Wrote security documentation per the requirements of the client and the US Government's C&A process.  • Led team members in project planning and priority setting during engagements. Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration General Regis University - Denver, CO Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Evansville - Evansville, IN Skills Information security, Nist, Security, Data warehouse, Exchange Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeremyfinke Additional Information Core Competencies    • Problem solving  • Strategic thinking  • Simplifying issues  • Information Security  • Leadership  • Business technology solutions  • Influencing  • Cyber Security  • Fostering change  • Mentoring  • Team building  • Innovation  • Digital Transformation  • Connecting the dots  • Decision making  • Building consensus  • Hiring high performing staff  • Big picture development    Technology Leadership  • Working across the system to plan the journey to cloud based resources from on prem.  • Led the Center for the Advancement of Data and Research in Economics (CADRE) leadership team and Research Officers through its strategic planning.  • Provided strategic planning and team coaching for Automation and Research Computing (ARC) through a six-month system exchange in 2017 with the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (FRBOG).  • Strategically plan and direct workloads for a multifaceted team of information security, data warehouse, dev ops, service desk, infrastructure, and administrative staff who provide/support technology services.  • Make key hiring, promotion, and correctional decisions.  • Provide mentoring through formal and informal relationships.  • Work with colleagues on the leadership team to develop the annual budget.  • Participate in the Committee of Research Automation (CRA) to provide strategic and tactical technology guidance with a focus on information security and product delivery to the economic research community including a cloud first strategy.  • Led the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City (FRBKC) through its initial phase of a NIST SP-800 based risk management framework.