Policy Lead - Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Policy Lead - Governance, Risk &amp; Compliance (GRC) Policy Lead - Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) - Kforce, LLC Cincinnati, OH I am a GDPR compliance SME, formally trained and certified in the European Union (Edinburgh, Scotland and London, England). I have the requisite knowledge and experience to address all key aspects of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, whether business-, legal-, or technology-specific.    I am a certified ISO/IEC 27001 Lead Auditor, also having trained and certified in the European Union.    I have a comprehensive working knowledge of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).    I am a member of the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP). I hold Certified Information Privacy Manager (CIPM) and CIPP/E credentials, as well as legacy CIPP/US and CIPP/G certifications. Additionally, I have held all relevant, vendor-neutral security, auditing, and risk management certifications applicable to privacy and data protection program leadership.    I am fully qualified to conduct enterprise-level data protection impact assessments (DPIAs), and have experience conducting operational capability and maturity assessments in multinational corporate environments. I am capable of providing senior-level oversight of Information Governance, Information Security Policy, IT Risk Management, Compliance, Privacy, and/or IT Audit functions.    My extensive HIPAA experience dates back to the 2002-2006 period, including implementation, operationalizing, and ongoing compliance monitoring in a large medical-center environment.    I have 25 years of wide and deep Information Technology experience, with emphasis on business value, operational quality, and enterprise-level Information Assurance (IA) and Data Protection (DP).    I have a well-established track record of driving capability and maturity using an easygoing, relationship-based leadership style, from establishing new functional teams to improving and rebuilding struggling teams.    Off-hours, I serve in a pro bono capacity as an executive privacy consultant to a US-based, international manufacturer of precision surgical instruments. Work Experience Policy Lead - Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC) Kforce, LLC November 2018 to Present Medium-term contract resource supporting a specialized cloud division of an international Fortune 50 technology organization.    I am leading multi-offering compliance efforts under a variety of control frameworks, including ISO/IEC 27001, NIST SP800-53, HIPAA, and GDPR. Senior Privacy Consultant Credere Consulting Group August 2018 to October 2018 Provided short-term, contract privacy office support at Worldpay (formerly Vantiv), a Cincinnati-based, multinational financial services organization.    Redesigned the global data protection impact assessment (DPIA) process and framework, with an eye to measuring processing risk vs. GDPR requirements, as well as establishing objective capability and maturity measurements for each high-risk processing activity. Provided material input to redesigned DSAR and breach response processes. Executive Consultant Information Assurance/Data Protection April 2018 to May 2018 Available for long-term executive-level Information Assurance (IA) and/or Data Protection (DP) engagements, including EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) contract-based Data Protection Officer (DPO) assignment.    Tentative privacy engagements did not materialize - furloughed from CBTS. Executive Consultant, Information Security Management Information Assurance/Data Protection October 2017 to April 2018 Provided executive consulting expertise to a small, but rapidly-growing technology company servicing major-brand pharmaceutical companies, with heavy emphasis on HIPAA privacy and security compliance.    De facto roles: Acting Senior Manager (Infrastructure), acting CISO.    Original-scope information assurance activities grew from one-off penetration testing remediation to full HIPAA controls improvement initiative, including a pivot towards full adoption of ISO 27001-centric (i.e., "Letter of Applicability") policy and controls framework to meet diverse spectrum of customer and prospective-customer information assurance requirements.    Scope shifted to providing day-to-day leadership within IT Infrastructure team, including virtualization, Windows Server/AD architecture, Linux, Cisco networking, database administration, and overall capacity/availability practices. Led team to new levels of capability and maturity through implementation of risk-specific IT service management best practices and approaches. Reduced operational costs through effective technology use, coupled with improved technology- and business-related processes. Principal Consultant, IT Service Management Information Assurance/Data Protection August 2015 to October 2017 Provided comprehensive capability and maturity assessment (using the CMMI model) of Network Engineering and Network Operations functions for The Coca-Cola Company, including detailed improvement plans and recommendations for ongoing measurement of capability and maturity improvements.    Managed network infrastructure lifecycle management (LCM) activities for 19 syrup, juice, and water plants across North America, including wireless design and engineering functions. IT Manager Information Assurance/Data Protection April 2013 to August 2015 Managed five direct reports.    Established, led, and matured a CBTS team supporting a complex and global-scale technology platform (Splunk Enterprise search) in service to General Electric.    Focused on full technology alignment with all eight GE business units in direct support of revenue, cost, and risk objectives, including direct support of General Electric's global security operations center (SOC) detection and response initiatives.    Combined product knowledge, business acumen, and operational experience to stabilize customer's understaffed and generalist enterprise platform team vs. growing platform demand and an urgent need for specialization and division of team labor.    Drove operational excellence, quality, and business value through bottom-up implementation of IT service management best practices, including standards for stakeholder communications, change management, centralized issue tracking, and knowledge management.    Implemented IT service management (ITSM) processes and activities (ref. ITIL v3 2011 standards) to reduce operational overhead. Resulting increases in efficiency and effectiveness facilitated a successful drive to properly staff and organize the team.    Reduced unscheduled platform downtime by 81%. Reduced infrastructure costs by nearly 40% through effective capacity and availability management practices.    Implemented open-source tools that permitted earlier and more effective response to incidents and operational events; this would not otherwise been possible without a costly outlay (~$250k) in commercial technology products. Security Solutions Architect Forsythe Technology, Inc September 2011 to February 2013 Added value to new and existing client relationships (Director/VP/CISO/CIO-level) by mapping business needs to technology in the areas of:    • Governance - Risk Management - Compliance  • Information Security - Auditing - Privacy  • IT Service Management  • Quality/Continuous Improvement    National Resource SME: Splunk® Enterprise  Represented the Forsythe security line of business, including firewall, endpoint security, cryptographic, intrusion prevention, VPN, and security information and event management (SIEM) products.    Customers included Limited Brands, Inc., Express, Inc., Honda of America Manufacturing, Inc., Tween  Brands, Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch, Standard Register, Inc., Education Management Corporation, Lexmark  International, Inc., PPG Industries, K&L Gates LLP, The Sherwin-Williams Company, and others. Senior Security Engineer/ IT Manager Information Assurance/Data Protection November 2009 to September 2011 Managed five direct reports.    Security Operations Data Loss Prevention Lead (Architecture and Engineering), supporting the Aviation, Oil & Gas, Energy, and Transportation divisions of General Electric.    Developed and managed a seven-member DLP operations team, including direct hardware, OS, application, database, and operational monitoring (performance and availability) support capabilities.    Provided expertise to senior GE stakeholders on Article 29 Working Party (EU privacy) issues, including DLP-related French and German works councils concerns and objections. Senior Consulting Engineer Verdasys, Inc June 2008 to November 2009 Architecture and management of large-scale Verdasys Digital Guardian (enterprise DLP) deployments. Security management. Integration of business and security objectives through software technology. Software quality assurance.    Participated in system development, testing, and deployment of DLP-related anonymization and pseudonymization functionality to meet customer internal privacy/data protection requirements. Senior Analyst, Global Information Security Convergys Corporation October 2006 to June 2008 Information security management, including:  • Creation and management of security and assurance policy;  • Liaison to adjacent, internal IT service providers;  • Internal PCI compliance audit preparation;  • LOB-facing security solutions consultant;  • Organization-wide digital forensics lead;  • Cryptographic solutions lead; and  • Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Lead Systems Analyst, Information Systems Security Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center July 2002 to October 2006 Information security management, including:  • Infrastructure development;  • HIPAA privacy and security controls;  • Policy development;  • Internal security solutions consultant;  • Security operations;  • Organization-wide digital forensics lead; and  • Security incident response. Data Security Analyst Fifth Third Bancorp January 2001 to October 2001 Data Security analysis and assurance activities, including:  • Application Review ( security audit);  • Authentication services;  • Firewall (Check Point) administration; and  • Internal security solutions consulting. Systems Analyst Techsoft Systems July 2000 to December 2000 Second-level UNIX Infrastructure Team (UIT) at Procter & Gamble. HP-UX, AIX, Autosecure, Control-M, Veritas Netbackup. Global Duty Manager on-call rotation. Network Manager Pinacor/MicroAge October 1998 to April 2000 I.T. Contractor, Various - Network Administration, Client-Server Application Administration The Future Now, Entex Information Systems, Cincinnati Public Schools 1994 to 1998 Contract locations: The Future Now, Entex Information Systems, Cincinnati Public Schools, The Cincinnati Enquirer, O'Gara, Hess & Eisenhardt, Miller Brewing Company, Anthem Insurance, Griffin Industries. Skills SECURITY, CISA, CISM, CISSP, DATA PROTECTION, ISO, ISO 27001, ITIL, INFORMATION ASSURANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT, SYSTEMS AUDITING, AUDITING, CSI, MENTOR, INSTRUCTOR