I.T Auditor (Risk & Compliance Unit) I.T Auditor (Risk &amp; Compliance Unit) I.T Auditor (Risk & Compliance Unit) Work Experience I.T Auditor (Risk & Compliance Unit) STERLING BANK PLC Full-Time 2016 to 2017 Duties  - Provide autonomous audit support in collaboration with the Firm's SOX Compliance evaluation.  - Execute audit using frameworks (COSO, COBIT and NIST) to determine design adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal controls.  - Evaluate IT General Controls (ITGCs) and IT Application Controls testing using a risk-based approach to identify process improvements.  - Perform SOC 1, 2, 3 and review SOC 1 Type 2 report. Possess knowledge of SSAE 18  - Execute PCI DSS and HIPAA audit to ensure compliance. IT Security Analyst GLOBACOM LTD 2014 to 2016 Duties  - Performed vulnerability and baseline scans on the network to recognize and prioritize threats, recommend mitigating controls and determine the security posture of the organization.  - Knowledge of CyberArk privilege Identity Management Solution, Rapid 7 Vulnerability Management/ Penetration Testing solution.  - Network Security (Firewalls, IDS, URL filtering, WAF, VPN, Remote Access).    * Network Support/ Technical Analyst  Duties  - Performed LAN optimization & support., Windows server management, Private cloud infrastructure administration via Hyper-V Console.  - Provided support for 68 off-site kiosks, yielding a 32% improvement in systems uptime performance for the south west region.  - Worked with IT Vendor technicians to reduce ETAs within agreed SLA, hardware logistics and fieldwork remediation.    Projects/ Achievements  - PCI-DSS Re-certification license of Sterling Bank.  - Successful Implementation of office 365, User migration and Microsoft Lync deployment for mobile devices.  - Successful deployment and commissioning of 108 ATM Kiosks in high consumer traffic outlets,  - Successful revamp of the sterling bank Data center from a Tier III to Tier IV achieving Zero % downtime. (Team work) Education Master's in Information Technology Management University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign - Urbana-Champaign, IL August 2018 Bachelor's in Electrical Electronic Engineering University of Benin April 2012 Skills AUDIT (2 years), SECURITY (2 years), ARCHITECTURE (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS ANALYSIS (Less than 1 year), CCNA (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/harrison-eigbike-09867a41 Additional Information Skills/ Certifications  * IT Security & Network Administration - (CCNA, CompTIA Sec+)  * Technology Service Operations management - (ITIL V3); The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF)  * Microsoft suite - SharePoint, MS Project, Visio, Excel  * Application of IT Audit and control (Infrastructure Scanning tools) - Nexpose, ArletLogic, Foundstone, NESSUS, DynaTrace, SolarWind  * Cyber Security - CISSP (in view)    Career History/ Experience  GREYTECH CONSULTANTS - Champaign, Illinois. (Current 2018)  * Enterprise Technology Architect/ Project Engineer  Duties  - Performed business analysis and development of strategies to ensure that the respective business, application, data and IT perspectives are in line with the organization's technology and governance strategies, policies and standards.  - Achieved a significant cost reduction and revenue leakage prevention through effective negotiation with clients and stakeholders in line with the business strategy and architecture.  - Integrated the ITIL framework in the design and creation of a new IT helpdesk.