CISO / Director of Blockchain Technology / Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager CISO / Director of Blockchain Technology / Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant / Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Manager CISO / Director of Blockchain Technology / Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager - Slater Technologies, Inc Chicago, IL Director, CIO, CISO, CTO, CSO Work Experience CISO / Director of Blockchain Technology / Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL March 2012 to Present Chicago, IL) March 2012 - Present  CISO / Director of Blockchain Technology / Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager  Working as a CISO for Gevity, Inc., and a senior IT consultant/Project Manager on projects related to Cybersecurity, Blockchain, penetration testing, Vulnerability Management, Third-Party Risk Assessments, Wireless LAN audits and upgrades, wireless site surveys, information security, Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC), security reviews, risk management, and auditing. Assisted clients in the financial industry and their third-party vendors in achieving compliance with the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation. Developed Blockchain Workshop materials on Blockchain Security and Blockchain Auditing for a two-day workshop for the 2019 ISACA NA CACS in Anaheim, CA in May 2019. Have designed and am completing and testing two important Blockchain applications: one for worker task time tracking and logging and one for Data Center Commissioning. Each will be the first of a kind DApp. Also providing consultations as a subject matter expert on projects with Blockchain, Data Center vendors and other local businesses. Working on Cybersecurity projects, including Business Resiliency assessments, formal risk assessments and Cybersecurity Program creation, Management and Maintenance, (NIST, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, CSA's CSM, ISO 27001, HIPAA, PCI, and COBIT), creation and automation of risk management frameworks, security audits, and a fast-track ISO 27001 implementation project for a software company to achieve ISO 27001 certification in 2013. Have also directly involved with writing proposals and providing technical guidance to help staffing companies win multi-million-dollar, five-year contracts to sell program management services in infrastructure security, software development and infrastructure deployment. Recent Clients: RhythmPets, PRI, Sogeti, Zurich North America, Gevity, Becker Logistics, Supernova Companies, Policy Shield, Sumaria, U.S. Air Force, GoHealth, Accretive Solutions, Syzygy Risk Management, HCSC, IPSOS, Synovate, Panduit, Caveon, and CAPSIM Management Solutions. Also provided leadership, management, guidance, and teaching for Summer Internships in 2017 (for 30 students and graduates) and in 2018 (for 33 students and graduate) from local universities who worked on Blockchain projects and Pentesting Projects that we designed and developed. Information Security Manager Abacus Technical Services - at McDonald's World Headquarters - Chicago, IL September 2018 to December 2018 Full-Time - Contractor)  Third-Party Vendor Risk Assessment and Risk Management Activities - Worked for the Director Information Governance & Risk performing cybersecurity Risk Assessments on Applications, Solution Architectures, Cybersecurity Posture and Capabilities of McDonald's Third-Party Vendors. Writing detailed Cybersecurity Risk Posture Reports. (This was a temporary backfill position for a woman on maternity leave.) Sr. IT Consultant / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL June 2018 to September 2018 Full-Time position - Contractor)  (For details, please see the description under Slater Technologies, Inc at the top of the Professional Experience.) Information Security Analyst Sogeti at Zurich North America - Schaumburg, IL August 2017 to May 2018 Contractor position)  Third-Party Vendor Risk Assessment and Risk Management Activities - Worked directly for the CISO, performed risk assessments on the Cybersecurity Posture and Capabilities of Zurich's Third-Party Administrators and Vendor Law Firms, and wrote detailed Cybersecurity Risk Posture Reports that were reviewed by the Zurich Security Steering Committee comprised of the CISO, CISO, Legal Officer, Risk Officer, and the Privacy Officer. Assisted Zurich and Zurich's Third-Party Vendors in achieving compliance with the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) Cybersecurity Regulation. Sr. IT Consultant / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL February 2017 to August 2017 Full-Time position - Contractor)  (For details, please see the description under Slater Technologies, Inc at the top of the Professional Experience.) Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL July 2016 to January 2017 Chicago, IL) July 2016 - January 2017  Information Security Engineer / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager (Full time position)  Provided all security-related services for Supernova, a FinTech company based in Downtown Chicago, IL. These included:  • Security Event and Incident Management  • Change Management  • Problem Management  • Annual Security Policy and Standards Review  • Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management - Create and manage the Vulnerability Management and Remediation Management programs. Used Qualys for threat and vulnerability management. Also worked closely with Qualys engineers to resolve technical issues regarding tool problems.  • Pentesting - Create and manage Pentesting Projects for FinTech application in the AWS Cloud. Used tools such as Shodan, ZAP, and Netsparker to produce details reports regarding existing vulnerabilities and followed up with remediation recommendations and efforts.  • User Revalidation/Privileged Access/Staff Termination/Physical Security Review  • Compliance Management - preparation for and passed their first SSAE 16 / SOC 2 Assessment.  • Business Resiliency Planning and Management  • Identity Access Management (IAM)  • Risk Assessment and Risk Management Activities  • Weekly Security Reports for the Organization - Including Threat Analysis, Vulnerability Analysis, Current Topics in Information Security, and Information Security Awareness.  • Research and Recommendations on Current and Emerging Vulnerabilities and Threats.  • Accomplishments I was instrumental in helping Supernova pass their very first SOC2 Type 1 Audit in October 2016. Also developed and managed the following Programs here, from scratch:  • IT Risk Management  • Threat Management  • Vulnerability Management  • Incident Management  • Business Resiliency  • Cybersecurity Management Program Delivery Project Executive / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Adecco - Chicago, IL August 2015 to June 2016 Chicago, IL) August 2015 - June 2016  Delivery Project Executive / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager (Full time position - Contractor)    This Global Security Manager / Consultant role provided a single internal point of contact for local Americas Regional security Service Delivery Managers, facilitating a direct and integrated working relationship. This was a key role for the Vendor Security Team, serving the Client as the deliver management focal for operational governance and overseeing the day to day activities as they relate to Security Services. Reported to the Global CISO, Global GTO, and the Global Services Project Executive.  Accomplishments:  • Was instrumental in helping the client achieve and maintain their first certification in ISO 27001:2013.  • Designed, wrote, created and managed the client's Global Vulnerability Management Program and the client's Remediation Management Program. This included the use of IBM's VMS Security Management Tool, the monthly collection of data, and the tracking of remediation results in each of the regional Operation Teams. It also including reporting of aging of vulnerabilities by severity to ensure that vulnerabilities were getting remediated as required. Created and maintained a database that allowed retrieval of vulnerability and remediation progress data from present going back to October 2015.  • Created and managed the client's Monthly Global Security Performance Reporting Program and the Executive Vulnerability Summary Reports. These included analysis of past and present security event data.  • Created the Regional and Global Investigation/Incident Response Management Programs.  • Coordinated Global Security Responses and reported progress, analysis, and results to the Global CTO and the Global CISO.  • Supported the VP of Risk Management and Compliance with data about progress on Vulnerabilities, Remediations, and Compliance, as well as fulfilling frequent requests for Security Management Compliance Reports required by SOC2 and ISO 27001.  • Performed Threat Management and created and track emergency response plans for Global Responses to eminent threats such as Cisco ASA vulnerabilities, spear phishing and whaling attacks, and the DROWN threat in SSL.  • Coordinated and Managed the Regional Updates for the Security Services Delivery and Management in each Region: Americas, EMEA, and Asia-Pacific. Sr. IT Project Manager Technatomy Corporation - Hines, IL August 2014 to June 2015 Full time position - Contractor)  Led a talented Team of talented Engineers and related Support Staff in modernizing a complex legacy n-tier, enterprise client/server application (with over 500,000 lines of code) that supports case management work flows for 1300+ users that serve millions of disabled U.S. Military Veterans at the Veterans Benefits Administration in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Used Agile / Scrum to manage and track the project. Sr. IT Consultant / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL August 2013 to August 2014 Full-Time position - Contractor)  (For details, please see the description under Slater Technologies, Inc at the top of the Professional Experience.) ISMS Architect and Sr. Cybersecurity Project Manager CAPSIM Management Solutions - Chicago, IL October 2012 to August 2013 Full-Time position - Contractor)  Responsible for designing and implementing an ISO 27001 compliant Information Security Management System (ISMS). Sr. IT Consultant / Sr. IT Security Consultant / Sr. IT Project Manager Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL March 2012 to October 2012 Full-Time position - Contractor)  (For details, please see the description under Slater Technologies, Inc at the top of the Professional Experience.) Program Manager CACI - Chicago, IL July 2011 to March 2012 Full time position - Contractor)  Worked as a program manager, managing several related development projects which would create the Nationwide Health Information Network (NwHIN) - a secure, nationwide, interoperable health information infrastructure for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. This was a multi-tier, secure, integrated, distributed application that utilizes Java, J2EE, Oracle, and various web-related technologies, and it interfaces with the Department of Defense as well as out-of-network and commercial medical providers. It was an Agile / SCRUM development project managed under the Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record initiative that was commissioned by President Obama in April 2009. It was also 100% telework, and I managed 48 people and 4 major projects that were nationwide, in over 20 states. Sr. IT Security Consultant / ISMS Architect Slater Technologies, Inc - Chicago, IL January 2011 to July 2011 Full time position - Contractor)  At Synovate, Chicago, IL: ISMS Architect and Project Manager on a project creating an ISO 27001-based Information Security Management System (ISMS). Initiated and planned this project and provided regular updates to senior level management including C-level executive management about the status, needs, and progress of this project. Project Manager Department of Veterans Affairs - Arlington, VA January 2010 to January 2011 Full time position - Contractor)  Led a 14-person Tier III IT Security Support Team at the VA Network Security Operations Center in Hines, IL to provide network security and defense, analysis and problem resolution on the VA's national Private Cloud-based IT infrastructure on a 24 x 7 basis. This enterprise IT infrastructure has over 30,000 servers and over 330,000 desktops, and has managed IT assets and data located in all 50 states. Project Manager for the United States Air Force CSSS.NET - Bellevue, NE September 2009 to January 2010 Full time position - Contractor)  At Peterson AFB, CO for the 561st Network Operations Squadron, formed and led a 12-person Team to accomplish an ITIL v3 IT Services Management implementation and a service management transition for the United States Air Force. Initiated and planned this project and provided regular updated to senior level management including executive management about the status, needs, and progress of this project. This ITIL service management implementation was designed to introduce a major service transition and services management based on ITIL v3, so that the U.S. Air Force could begin to implement a Cloud-based services model for its IT Resources. When it was completed, it became the world's largest full-scale pure ITIL v3 implementation. Technical Project Manager Technisource Corporation - Itasca, IL November 2008 to March 2009 Full-Time position - Contractor)  Managed a large Private Cloud Data Center Migration Project for Komatsu, large international manufacturing company, which involved a significant in-sourcing initiative where servers were being migrated from an out-sourced facility to an  in-house facility. Initiated and planned this project and provided regular updated to senior level management including  C-level executive management about the status, needs, and progress of this project. (Note: I took this temporary position knowing that the project would end in Spring 2009 as the project was completing.)  • Chief accomplishment: Successfully reengineered, reorganized, and managed a Data Center Migration project that was already 24 months behind schedule, resulting in cost savings of more than $5.5 million. It was a Private Cloud Data Center, and the security, planning in technology and space allocation, design and growth potential allowed it to become the focal point for all Private Cloud Data Center Services in the Western Hemisphere for Komatsu.  • Managed the construction of the new Data Center.  • Helped to restructure and provisioning of the WAN infrastructure, both primary and backup circuits for Internet and for MPLS circuits.  • Worked on the design of the Data Center LAN and physical Security Infrastructure. Data Center Manager / Sr. IT Operations Program Manager II Microsoft Corporation - Redmond, WA March 2008 to October 2008 WA, work location in a North Lake, IL) March 2008 to October 2008  Data Center Manager / Sr. IT Operations Program Manager II (Full-Time position)  I was the very first manager of the Microsoft Chicago Cloud Data Center, a $6 billion project which was built in Northlake, IL, western suburb of Chicago. It was the world's largest Cloud Data Center, in floor space (705,000 sq ft), in power consumption (120 MW), and in the volume capacity for servers. It will eventually house over 330,000 physical servers, and today it remains Microsoft's Flagship Cloud Data Center. The Microsoft Chicago Cloud Data Center is also the world's first location where Data Center Modules (think 40-foot shipping containers) were implemented and tested on a mass scale. I was directly involved in the selection of the manufacturing vendor, as well as the operational implementation of this new containerized computing technology, writing the procedures to install and integrate them into the Chicago Data Center. Program Manager for the Veterans Administration in Hines, IL CSSS.NET - Bellevue, NE November 2006 to March 2008 Full time position - Contractor)  On contract worth over $4 million in annual revenue, I managed a 21-person Team of senior level system engineers who support MS Exchange Server 2003, Blackberry Cell Phone / PDAs, Windows Server 2003, Microsoft Operations Manager, and Tivoli Backup Manager. This team supported the 24 x 7 business electronic messaging needs of over 300,000 users at the VA. Data Center Manager / Change Management Manager / Project Manager / System Engineer British Petroleum - Naperville, IL May 2001 to November 2006 Four Roles in this position) (Full-Time - Contractor)    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EXPERIENCE:  Service Management Methodologies / Frameworks: ISO 20000, ITIL v3, ITIL v2, COBIT  System Development Methodologies: Agile, SCRUM, CMMI, RAD, RUP, SDLC, Waterfall  Project Management Methodologies: PMI PMBOK, PMBOK Lite, BP, Customized Project Management Methodologies, MethodOne, U.S. Air Force.  Security and Compliance Frameworks: GDPR, ISO 27001:2013, NY DFS Cybersecurity Regulation, CCPA, Cloud Security Alliance Control Set CSM 3.01, NIST SP 800-53a, FISMA, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, SANS 20, SOC 2, SOC 1, SAS 70 Type II, SSAE-16 Type II, Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), HIPAA, PCI DSS, ISO 20000, ISO 9001, and ISO 14001.    Blockchain Technologies: Ethereum, Ethereum EVM, NEM, Factom, BigchainDB, Bitcoin, Solidity, Truffle Framework, Smart Contracts, DApps, Metamask, Geth, Web3.js, Node.js, Rest.js, Javascript, HTML4, HTML5, CSS, JSON, RPC, Etherscan Browser, Remix IDE, Rinkby testnet, Serenity, Constantinople. GPU Mining.    Security-related Tools: Netsparker (Desktop and Cloud), WiFi Pineapple, LAN Turtle, Shodan, ZAP, AlertLogic, Qualys, Nmap, IBM MSS VMS, Kali Linux, Rapid 7 Nexpose', Burp Suite, WireShark, Kaspersky, Nessus, MBSA, Metasploit, Splunk, QRadar, TCPDump, TCPView, Unicornscan, OpenVAS, Fping, Hping, Wapiti, Wfetch, SET, Sysinternals, Angry IP Scanner, Netcat, Fluke.  Cloud Experience: Amazon Web Services, IaaS, SaaS, and PaaS, and Security Management including Pentesting, Microsoft Cloud, Azure, Windows Live, IaaS, SaaS, Sharepoint, Office 365 (O365), O365 Administration and Security, SQL, Google: GoogleDocs, IaaS, SaaS. Apple: IaaS, Box: IaaS    Operating Systems: Windows 2016 Server, Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2003, Windows 2000 Server, Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7, Citrix Xenapp, Citrix, Windows Terminal Server 4.0, IOS, Citrix Metaframe 1.8, RedHat Linux, Fedora Linux, UBUNTU Linux, SUSE Linux, AIX 5.4L, HP-UX, OpenVMS.  Networks and Protocols: TCP/IP, IPv4, IPv6, BGP4, EIGRP, OSPF, RIP, RIP2, Ethernet, Fast Ethernet, HTTP, SNMP, SMTP, POP3, DNS, DHCP, DLC, RAS, PPTP, PPP, IPSec, SSL, WPA2, L2TP, EAP, and RDP.  Hardware: Servers from these vendors: IBM, HP, Dell Servers, Digital, RS/6000, Laptops, IBM-PC Compatibles from 8088 to Intel i7 and Xenon. Nokia Lumia 920 & 1020, Dell Latitude 10 Tablet, and Microsoft Surface Pro. Small computers: Raspberry Pi - Model B, Arduino. Also Wireless Routers, Wireless Access Points and other wireless networking devices: 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n, 802.11ac. Other hardware includes: Cisco VPN Concentrators, Cisco Routers, Cisco Catalyst Switches, HP-UX RISC Workstations, VAX, Network Applications NAS and SAN Storage Device (150 TB), RAID 0, 1, RAID 5, 10 disk arrays, network interface cards, modems, switches, hubs, SCSI, IBM 30XX, tape drives, etc.  Software and Utilities: MS Visio (certified), MS Project (certified), Blockchain - Bitcoin, Blockchain - Ethereum, MS Office, Office 365, MS Word MS Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, Jira, Sysinternals Utilities Suite, MS Outlook, Remedy, Microsoft Operations Manager, MS Project Server (certified), MS Sharepoint Server, Wireshark, Channelizer, Inssider, Ethereal, Splunk, Kali Linux, Backtrack, NMAP, OWASP, BP Global Change Management System (GCMS), TCP/IP, SNORT, Nessus, PuTTY, Samba Server, DNS, DHCP, WINS, Active Directory, FTP Server, NMAP, MS Exchange Server, MS Internet Information Server, HP OpenView Network Node Manager, Network Associates Sniffer, MS FrontPage, Compaq Insight Manager, Citrix Metaframe, MS Internet Explorer, PaintShop Pro, Norton 360, Norton Anti-Virus, McAfee.  Networking Devices: Switches (managed and unmanaged), Cisco ASA, PaloAlto Firewalls, Cisco Clean Assess Network Access Control Device, 802.11b/g/n/ac routers and wireless access points, Riverbed Steelhead devices, CSU/DSU's, DSL Modems, Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches, VPN Concentrators, Ethernet network interface cards, and 802.11a/b/g/n network interface cards.  Development Tools and Platforms: PERL, Solidity, Ethereum EVM, Factom, Java, Java J2EE, C++, Javascript, Solidity, Rest.js, SQL, Visual Basic .NET (VB.NET), ASP, ASP.NET, IIS, Visual Studio 2003, 2005, and 2008, Visual Basic 6, C#, Python, VBScript, KIXStart, UML, XML, HTML, and C.  Databases: SQL Server, Oracle, AWS Red Shift, AWS DynamoDB, JSON, MS Access, MySQL, and Oracle Rdb. Education M.S. in Cybersecurity in Cybersecurity Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE 2013 MBA University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2010 Certification Marist College - Poughkeepsie, NY 2008 M.S. in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2004 B.S. in Engineering Technology University of Memphis - Memphis, TN Skills Asp, Dns, Internet information server, Iis, Asp.net, Security, Sharepoint, Technical leadership, Backtrack, Business continuity, Cisco asa, Disaster recovery, Information security, Ipsec, Nessus, Nmap, Snort, Splunk, Ssl, Vpn Links http://billslater.com/interview http://www.linkedin.com/in/billslater http://billslater.com/career Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: First Lieutenant Additional Information Specialties:  CISO, Information Security, Cybersecurity, IT Security, Cloud Computing, Cybersecurity, Project Management, Program Management, Blockchain Project Management, Blockchain Design and Development, Internal Auditing, External Auditing, Risk Assessment, Risk Management, Incident Management, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity, Crisis Management, Business Resiliency, Business Analysis, Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Computing, Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Internet of Things (Technology Selection, Security and Implementation), System Analysis, IT Infrastructure Management, Technical Infrastructure Architecture (Wired and Wireless), Security Architecture (Wired and Wireless), Performance Tuning and Management (Wired and Wireless), Simulation and Modeling, Troubleshooting (Wired and Wireless), Data Center Operations, Data Center Development, Cyberforensics, Vulnerability Management, Threat Management, Cyberwarfare, Social Engineering, Problem Management, IT Change Management, Application System Development, Database Administration, Data Architecture, Technical Service Development, Systems Engineering, Service Management and Service Transition, Technical Leadership, and Technical Training.