IT Support Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Specialist Beaverton, OR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Specialist Project Access NOW - Portland, OR August 2018 to Present Project Access NOW is a nonprofit organization working to improve the health and well-being of the Portland community.  • Re-developed the IT Service Desk ticketing system by simplifying the process of submitting an IT ticket.  • Promoted cyber security awareness by sending weekly email and conducting all staff training  • Created troubleshooting guides and videos for frequently encountered IT issues IT Support, Cyber Security Analyst Fortior Solutions - Hillsboro, OR April 2015 to July 2018 Fortior Solutions is a nationally recognized leader in high-assurance identity management solutions and the largest commercial provider of recognized vendor credentials to the U.S. Department of Defense.    Promoted to run Cyber Security in the IT Department by developing a process on monitoring Information Security activities using Symantec Services and reporting any security incidents and alerts. Assumed the PKI Internal Auditor role to perform regular audits to guarantee that PKI process is under compliance with the company policy. Duties included handling IT ticket requests.    • Prevented cyber security attacks by monitoring and analyzing logs and alerts using Symantec Advance Threat Protection Services. Duties included event management, policy configuration, primary POC for critical alerts  • Created cyber security monthly training campaign to promote Cyber Awareness to all employees.  • Developed the internal audit process, in conjunction with the 3rd party government auditor, to perform PKI Internal audits, report findings and provide remediation recommendations.  • Completed the PKI Audit for August 2017 to June 2018.  • Resolved IT ticket issues that cover installing, maintaining, and troubleshooting network equipment including printers, network ports and peripherals. Duties included installing operating system and apps. Technical Support Specialist AT&T - Bothell, WA June 2014 to March 2015 Recruited to analyze, troubleshoot and resolve technical issues for voice, internet or data installation and connection issues.    • Worked on 30+ technical issues daily. Trained new hires and managed escalations from customers. Duties included troubleshooting hardware and software issues for different mobile devices. Administrative Support GetixHealth - Houston, TX September 2010 to March 2014 GetixHealth is a BPO company that provides services and technologies to hospitals and physician groups.    Administrative Support    Responsible for handling patient accounts utilizing medical billing systems.    • Successfully analyzed client billing adjustment requests and disputes identified by patients. Supervisor, Customer Service Fry's Electronics - Houston, TX September 2009 to September 2010 Promoted to supervisor position responsible for the successful day-to-day running of the department.    • Managed 30+ associates. Duties included hiring, training, scheduling and assigning daily tasks. Technical Support and Sales OSRP, LLC - Manila, Philippines May 2008 to June 2009 OSRP, LLC is a subsidiary of PCMall, Inc. which is a leading provider of IT products, services, solutions to businesses, government agencies, educational, institutions, and healthcare facilities.    Responsible for managing client accounts by promoting IT products and answering technical support questions.    • Handled 10-30 accounts daily answering product and technical questions. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration University of Santo Tomas - Manila, Philippines June 2004 to March 2008 Associate in Computer Information Systems Portland Community College - Portland, OR June 2017 Skills Desktop Support, Service Desk, Help Desk, MAC, Windows, Active Directory, Technical Support, Sales, Networking Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ January 2019 to Present Apple Product Professional Level January 2008 to December 2010 A valid IT Specialist certification Driver's License