Senior IT Support Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Frankfort, KY Accomplished, experienced IT Professional with a solid track record of success in leading and driving IT improvement, consistently exceeding company goals and expectations. Demonstrated ability to effectively plan, prioritize, schedule and manage project and work activities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Support Analyst Robert Half Technology - Louisville, KY June 2019 to Present Contract position with Essity North America, Inc., Harrodsburg, KY   Windows 2012 R2 Active Directory administration, Cisco switch and VLAN configuration, IT Help Desk service requests (network, computer, application, printer), end user technical support and PC/laptop imaging. Project work includes HDMI over IP and Zebra printer rollout. IT Director Robert Half Technology - Louisville, KY April 2019 to May 2019 Contract position with IT Network Consultants, Lexington, KY   Hired to maintain and build professional integrity with existing and potential business clients. Conduct onsite client visits to evaluate IT infrastructure, WiFi security and functionality requirements. Provide IT support and technical sales information to business clients. Implementation Consultant Robert Half Technology - Louisville, KY November 2018 to November 2018 Contract position with Gray Construction, Lexington, KY  Project implementation of Multi-Factor Authentication for laptop, iPhone, iPad and Android devices. Risk & Security Systems Administrator Pinkerton - Ann Arbor, MI October 2018 to November 2018 Contract position with Conduent Inc., Lexington, KY   C-CURE 9000 Access control, photo and reporting support for company security system. Senior Support Consultant Stefanini - Versailles, KY November 2017 to May 2018 Project work included disk encryption security, system vulnerability resolution and IT hardware inventory/disposal. Assisted in Active Directory administration, IT Help Desk service requests (network, computer, application, printer), end user technical support and PC/laptop imaging. IT Manager XEROX STATE AND LOCAL SOLUTIONS INC - Frankfort, KY 2013 to 2016 System administration of MS Windows 2008 Active Directory domain—physical and VM servers—in a Win 7 workstation environment. Completed annual and quarterly required SOC 1 security audits, evaluating company internal security controls, policies and procedures in efforts to achieve compliance. Managed payment processing, customer service and mail room teams accomplishing daily operations. Covered workplace security including badge access, DVR cameras, and current audit practices.    RESPONSIBILITIES/ACHIEVEMENTS:  ·   Successful implementation to Microsoft Server 2008 R2 domain platform including deployment of Windows 7 desktop PC’s and laptops to complete physical business move to a new location.  ·   Followed company Incident and Request procedures for user network access, VLAN and Firewall changes.  ·   Ensured system backups are being performed in the event of disaster or necessary data recovery.  ·   Planned, coordinated and scheduled system maintenance and upgrades.  ·   Provided end-user desktop hardware and software support.  ·   Automated deployment of security and critical updates by installing and configuring MS WSUS.   ·  Developed and regularly tested DRP/BCP crucial for SLA compliance.   ·  Achieved fewer system vulnerabilities for the Kentucky SDU over all other Xerox SDU facilities.  ·  Maintained accurate, detailed systems and network infrastructure documentation.  ·  Ensure Change Management controls are in place and align with corporate IT objectives.  ·  Developed IT and operating procedure document.  ·  Led team efforts supporting secure payment transmission for nearly 100 remote client locations.  ·  Responsible for stability and reliability of site LAN/WAN.   · Regularly tracked submitted work orders and followed up with software vendors. Contracted IT services, internet sales SELF-EMPLOYED 2011 to 2012 Senior Information Technology Support Specialist KENTUCKY AMERICAN WATER - Lexington, KY 1998 to 2010 Systems Administration of MS Windows 2K/2003 Active Directory Server domain in a Win XP workstation/client environment supporting 150+ users encompassing multiple remote site locations. Planned, installed, and performed upgrades of network components including supporting, troubleshooting and resolving LAN/WAN issues. Managed all IT equipment inventory and asset lifecycle.    RESPONSIBILITIES/ACHIEVEMENTS:  · Supported Kentucky/Tennessee corporate domain OU’s.  · Mastered effective PC and laptop deployments by use of imaging software.  · Planned, coordinated and scheduled system maintenance and upgrades.  · Technical lead for local and regional data server security and critical updates.  · SME for regional system backups and team training.  · Deployed Cisco routers, PoE switches and VoIP technology throughout the company eliminating PBX system.  · Planned, designed and implemented IT infrastructure of pump station facilities.  · Powered administration building with Cisco Wi-Fi capability.   · Responsible budget management in planning and purchasing all IT related equipment.  · Maintained current, detailed systems and network infrastructure documentation.  · Managed fiber optic installation providing redundant network connection from site facilities to the main office. Education Bachelor of Science in Cyber Security Colorado Technical University March 2017 to March 2020 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (10+ years), DHCP (10+ years), DNS (10+ years), LAN (10+ years), Help Desk (10+ years), Desktop Support (10+ years), Service Desk (10+ years), Tech Support (10+ years), IT Security (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Security+ May 2016 to May 2019 ITIL v3 Present Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Present MCSE Windows 2K (formerly held) MCDST Windows XP (formerly held) MCTS Windows 2003 (formerly held) CompTIA Network+ Present CompTIA A+ Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Active Directory | Network Security | System Vulnerability Remediation | WiFi – Security, firewall and connectivity | IT Security Audits | DRP/BCP | Project Management | Encryption   SQL Database Servers | VMware | DNS/DHCP |HTML 5 | VPN | ITSM | SCCM