Advisory Project Specialist/Sr. Consultant Advisory Project Specialist/Sr. Consultant Advisory Project Specialist/Sr. Consultant Woodbridge, VA Work Experience Advisory Project Specialist/Sr. Consultant Deloitte & Touché - Arlington, VA 2016 to 2019 • Conduct IT controls risk assessments that include reviewing organizational policies, standards and procedures  • Provide a variety of IT advisory services related to Certification and Accreditation, internal control, risk management, IT controls and related standards (DISA, FISCAM, FISMA, NIST, COBIT)  • Utilize established test procedures to test IT controls to assess the design and operating effectiveness of general and application controls  • Develop and submit management reports, i.e. monthly executive report, Bi-weekly status reports and plans of action and milestones (POA&M) for DHS  • Assist with the development of an Authority to Operate (ATO) package that contains objective information for the client to make an informed Authorization decision  • Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement  • Apply risk-based control framework to identify and to evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement  • Support internal team as well as system and control owners in development and maintenance of a remediation plan with milestones, dependencies, timelines, budget, project management, and communications for known IT control weaknesses  • Responsible for reviewing and validating supporting evidence in regard to following up on significant findings for DHS IT Security Analyst Pentracop Technologies - Washington, DC August 2011 to October 2016 • Schedule, plan, and participate in internal auditing in accordance with HIPAA, NIST, and PCI standards  • Perform security assessments; design reviews; and provide guidance on new technologies for the customers.  • Develop POA&M (Plan Of Action & Milestones) document to take corrective actions resulting from ST&E (System Test & Evaluation)  • Perform Certification and Accreditation (C&A) documentation in compliance with company standards  • Perform Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), e-Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders  • Author or coordinate the development of other required system security plans: Configuration management (CM), Contingency Plan (CP), Continuity of Operations (COOP), Disaster Recovery Plan (DR) and Incident Response Plan (IRP).  • Conduct Systems Risk Assessment through Risk Analysis, assessed the various Assets within the systems boundaries and rigorously identifying all the possible vulnerabilities that exist within the system.  • Developed the audit plan and performed the General Computer Controls testing of Information Security, Business Continuity Planning, and Relationship with Outsourced Vendors.  • Performing Vulnerability scanning using Nessus  • Ensure all security-related incidents are documented and reported to the ISSM and Security Officer  • Perform systems security audit on a weekly basis to detect unauthorized activities and ensure systems maintain security compliance.  • Perform Security Control Assessment (SCA) according to NIST SP 800-53A  • Document and conform to processes related to security monitoring, patching and incident response  • Manage the organization's RMF continuous monitoring tool and complete specific control activities,  • Maintain security by monitoring and ensuring compliance to standards, policies, and procedures; conducting incident response analyses; developing and conducting training programs. Security Analyst Mid Atlantic - Alexandria, VA August 2009 to July 2012 • Guided System Owners and ISSOs through the Certification and Accreditation (C&A) process, ensuring that management; operational and technical controls for securing either sensitive Security Systems or IT Systems are in place and are followed according to federal guidelines (NIST 800-53).  • Applied security risk assessment methodology to system development, including threat model development, vulnerability assessments and resulting security risk analysis  Provided support and guidance through the phases of FISMA C&A, including monitoring of the C&A artifacts compliance, annual self-assessment (NIST SP 800-53A guidelines) and quarterly self-assessment completion using NIST SP 800-26 guidelines.  • Created or updated the System Security Plan and conducted an Annual Self-Assessment.  • Applied knowledge of C&A policies, guidelines, and regulations in the assessment of IT systems and the documentation and preparation of related documents  • Executed vulnerability assessment and vulnerability scanning tools such as Acas, Metasploit, on a  • challenging and complex systems-wide information assurance/ system security  environment requiring analysis of user, operational, policy, regulatory, and resource  demands  • Assesses and mitigates system security threats/risks throughout the program life cycle; determines/analyzes and decomposes security requirements at the level of detail that can be implemented and tested; reviews and monitors security designs in hardware, software, data, and procedures,  • Worked with C&A team members and senior representatives to establish and define programs, resources, schedules, and risks.  • Conducted the IT Risk Assessment and documented the controls. IT Help Desk Specialist/ security Officer The Fairfax - Alexandria, EG January 2005 to July 2010 VA    Provided support for application software installation and use.  • Act as an advocate for the office in the resolution of any and all computer-related problems or issues.  • Assisted in the delivery, installation, and use of systems and services, (e.g., Washington to district office connectivity, Internet, remote access, etc.).  • Provided front line phone, Live Chat, and Remote Desktop support, may be required to resolve requests via on-site visit(s). Provide Hardware/Software Installation and Setup support.  • Troubleshoot and solve common network issues using physical and logical diagnostic tools.  • Troubleshoot and solve common Microsoft based platforms (Windows XP, Windows 7, Microsoft Office Suite, Etc.) and common hardware used throughout FBCH (Dell, Lenovo, and HP)  • Troubleshoot basic technical issues over the phone or by logging in remotely to their computers  • Escalate serious technical issues to engineering staff by relaying information from customer to help diagnose the problem. Education Bachelor of Science SHENANDOAH UNIVERSITY 2008