Security Analyst - Security Assurance <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> - <span class="hl">Security</span> Assurance Governance Risk Compliance IT Security Glen Ellen, CA I live in Sonoma (North San Francisco Bay Area) and am currently commuting to San Francisco. An ideal position would include a mix of office and working from home.    Proven professional with over 20 years business management, professional services consulting and account management experience with particular strengths in collaboration and developing productive working relationships. Expertise in compliance and auditory reporting with an extensive breadth of knowledge of global financial and securities regulations. Technological expertise includes disaster recovery planning and critical systems implementations across large enterprises. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst - Security Assurance Autodesk/Infobahn Softworld - San Francisco, CA June 2019 to August 2019 U.S.A.    • Working on PCI DSS, SOC 2 and SOX compliance for 2019 as part of the Security Assurance team  • Collaborating with various internal and external teams using SharePoint and Confluence as depositories.    Accomplishments:  • Implementing a framework which will reduce the work load, allow consistency, repeatability and status tracking. GRC consultant - IT Security Allianz/Edgile/Tek Systems - Petaluma, CA January 2016 to October 2018 U.S.A.    • Governance risk compliance consultant working on new security system installations at a global financial services company serving 85 million customers worldwide.  • Running FSA/ICOFR certifications, application risk assessments and acceptances preparation to audit, CyberArk and Tripwire systems along with creating/updating job aid, runbook, narrative, process flow and overview documentation.  • Preparing, presenting and dealing with internal and external audit requests using SharePoint as a depository.  • Training personnel from IBM on running FSA/ICOFR certifications, CyberArk and Tripwire systems.  • Drafting security governance documents for new system implementation and performing a cleanup on security exception requests.  • Reviewing and cleaning up privileged access security requests for Access Oversight.    Accomplishments:  • Ensured consistently successful internal and external audits due to close teamwork and a professional environment. Information Security Analyst - Global Information Security Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAML) - Wealth Management - Dublin September 2008 to December 2014 Ireland    • Information security and risk management across multiple enterprise-wide systems at a global financial/ securities institution.  • Ensured compliance with global financial regulations to meet or exceed the audit requirements of global financial and securities regulatory agencies (e.g., the Federal Reserve, the SEC, and the ECB).  • Evaluated reporting included, but not limited to: Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), UCAL (critical applications), failed logons, daily leavers, non-actioned leavers, application-specific compliance, asset services, open network drives, email (analysis of keywords, attachments and embedded content), enVision.  • Project management for all new application integrations into the Central Security Database.  • Approximately 60 projects (applications)/quarter, responsible for installation/integration of new applications into the Central Security Database, including final assurance that integrated applications were compliant with global financial regulations.  • Managed a team of 15-20 globally distributed teams of application owners, business owners, developers, support teams, vendor teams, transmission support teams, access provisioning teams, architecture support teams.    Accomplishments:  • Consistently completed the highest number of application integration projects on a quarterly basis (i.e., 6-person Central Security Database team (CSDB) was assigned 120 projects total/quarter; on average I completed 50 of these projects quarterly).  • During my tenure, the CSDB team managed to double the total number of applications within Bank of America covered by an automated Access Review System (includes 6,000 application-owner reports as well as individual reports for Bank of America's 255k managers, individual employees, and contractors). Security and Risk Analyst Merrill Lynch Global Markets & Investment Banking - Dublin November 2004 to September 2008 Ireland    • Information security and risk management across multiple enterprise-wide systems at a 60B+ global financial/ securities institution.  • Ensured compliance with global financial regulations to meet or exceed the audit requirements of global financial and securities regulatory agencies (e.g., the Federal Reserve, the SEC, and the ECB).  • Evaluated reporting included, but not limited to: access levels/separation of duties, failed logons, daily leavers, non-actioned leavers, application-specific compliance, asset services, open network drives, and email monitoring (analysis of keywords, attachments and embedded content).  • Teamed with information security systems architects and developers to design, develop, implement and maintain Merrill Lynch's System Entitlement Reporting Application (SERA) - a global, company-wide access review system.    Accomplishments:  • SERA transformed a previously manual access review system (MS Access and Excel) into a web-based (.NET front end/SQL back end) access review system fully compatible with multiple system architectures (e.g., Oracle, DB2, Windows, mainframe).  • Fully designed and developed in-house at Merrill, SERA was scalable and adaptable without requiring licensing or external support and handled ~1000 application feeds of varying sizes in real-time.  • Development of this application was completed using approximately half of the total allocated budget (€ 200k of € 400k total). eBusiness Consultant Ulster Bank-RBS Group - Dublin August 2002 to October 2004 Ireland    • Project management of new customer implementations for Ulster Bank's Servicelink system.  • Configuration and system support for existing Servicelink clients. Professional Services Consulting and Account Manager Unitech Systems - Dublin May 2000 to July 2002 Ireland    • Consulting and management of IT implementations for a portfolio of 50 accounts.  • Developed and executed a comprehensive strategic account plan for growing revenue opportunities.  • Worked collaboratively with marketing department to develop targeted campaigns for new business opportunities. Cost Accountant and Fleet Manager Chubb (Ireland) Group - Dublin August 1997 to April 2000 Ireland    • Project management for large-scale electronic security system installation projects.  • Tracked time, labor, stock and all other related actual and budgeted costs.  • Managed monthly work-in-progress cost and management accounts as well the company's 200 vehicle fleet. Education BS in Business Studies Technological University - Dublin Certificate in Telecommunications and Electronic Engineering Technological University - Dublin Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/furlongmichael