Lead Identity and Access Management Security Analyst Lead Identity and Access Management <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Lead Identity and Access Management Security Analyst - NiSource Rochester, NY Proactive, process and results oriented Information Technology Leader with a positive "Can Do" attitude and solid background in project management, operations, identity and access management, storage administration, and business continuity/resumption. High achiever with extensive experience with cross-functional teams, delivering high impact projects with alignment to organization strategy, quality and customer service. Excellent interpersonal communications skills with an ability to work with stakeholders at all levels to maximize business results. Assist Audit department with obtaining data samples and remediation. Work Experience Lead Identity and Access Management Security Analyst NiSource - Merrillville, IN 2012 to Present Utilize Hitachi Identity Manager Suite, to provision access for over 700 applications across approximately 1500 servers. Serve as the Lead Technical Analyst on multiple Identity Access projects that implemented password, privilege and identity management software. Configure storage for Identity and Access Management products.    * Develop and implement the privilege access review process for SOX-404 applications saving company approximately $7 M in fines  * Increase efficiency and productivity by 80% over a two year period through the use of Identity and Access Management automation.  * Document standardized repeatable processes automation enabling centralization of access administration function from several lines saving over $280,000 annually.  * Collaborate with Storage Administrators to configure and implement storage and back up strategy for Identity and Access Management products.  * Implement role based access control across the organization eliminating approximately 70% of excessive access.  * Identify and recommend IT security process improvement initiatives to improve efficiency, quality, and cost reduction.  * Exceed performance objectives via focus on quality, long-term issue resolution, effective ticket handling, and providing exceptional service to customers.  * Design and execute test cases for the Identity and Access Management implementation project utilizing HP ALM product.  * Automate several Identity and Access Management processes using powershell to improve daily productivity and efficiency. IT Analyst Adecco - Westerville, OH 2010 to 2012 Assisted with implementing role based access for outsourced contractors, Configured IBM DS8000 System storage and Tivoli Storage Manager solutions.    * Researched and responded to customer inquiries and reported issues  * Evaluated infrastructure, storage, and server environment to identify and recommend improvements  * Developed and directed implementation of disaster recovery operations, risk assessment, and contingency plans Managing Consultant International Business Machines - Armonk, NY 2002 to 2010 Worked on projects for various clients in the Defense, Retail, Shipping, and Broadcasting industries implementing backup and recovery solutions, and enterprise resource planning systems.  * Implemented the merchandising solution for a fortune 500 grocery retail company and migrated the legacy processes saving the company approximately $200,000 annually.  * Trained over 150 users on the implemented enterprise resource planning systems.  * Updated the US Navy's enterprise resource planning system to use the latest encryption and multifactor. lead technical consultant PricewaterhouseCoopers Consulting - New York, NY 2000 to 2002 on the US Naval Inventory Control Point enterprise resource planning (ERP) implementation.  * Successfully deployed the ERP solution which provided the US Navy global visibility to numerous residual inventory sites. Systems Programmer Penn Traffic Company - Syracuse, NY 1994 to 2000 Participated in the Y2K project which transferred finance, payroll, and human resources software to the Lawson software suite. Implemented Tivoli Storage Manager Software, and IBM 3494 Magstar tape subsystem.  • Maintained and supported the IBM 3090 mainframe system software Production Support IT Analyst Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield - Syracuse, NY 1989 to 1994 Supported the Medicare part A and B batch job streams. Utilized CA-7 and CA-11 Job Scheduler products on the IBM 3090 mainframe. Performed code change for Medicare systems with a 100% success rate. Participated in various successful disaster recovery exercises and implementations  • Monitored the daily Medicare job stream. Education Business College of DuPage Glen Elyn Certificate in Computer Science Control Data Institute Chicago - Chicago, IL Skills PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (6 years), OPTIMIZATION, METRICS, PROBLEM SOLVING, BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, Active Directory, Security, access, testing Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES  • Business process Improvement • Problem solving and trouble shooting • Excellent planning and scheduling  • Best practice development and implementation • Team development, motivation and leadership • Training, mentoring, and supervision  • Customer Service and Support  • Risk Assessments and data processing testing    • Research and technical analysis  • Metrics and KPIs    • Productivity and efficiency optimization