Security Analyst II <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II Security Analyst II - Atos Dallas, TX Skilled Information Security Analyst with expertise in security operations, incident response, and risk management. An innovative individual who has an excellent sense of teamwork to get results with effective communication, commitment, and trust. Experience in:    • Data Center Operations • SIEM • Vulnerability Management  • Incident Response • Network and Security • Advanced Threat Detection Work Experience Security Analyst II Atos - Irving, TX January 2017 to Present Provide incident response services as part of a Managed Security and Service Provider (MSSP) for a diverse client base of multiple industries.    • Provide Tier II support for incident analysis using McAfee ESM by correlating data from various sources such as McAfee ePO, Tenable, and monitored health of security sensors and endpoints.  • Coordinate with SIEM Engineers, Networking and Firewall, IDS/IPS Boundary, CSIRT teams to implement filtering on devices which reduced a remarkable amount of false positive alerts and improved quality and efficiency for near real-time alerts.  • Advised on remediation strategies with external stakeholders for over 50+ clients' world-wide thus enhancing SLA achievement for metrics and reporting.  • Led, contributed, and developed processes and procedures which notably improved day to day operations and commended for the drive and motivation on the team's success. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise - Houston, TX April 2014 to May 2016 Event/Operations Manager Hewlett-Packard Enterprise 2015 to 2016 Detected and managed events through the entirety of its lifecycle. Collaborated with support teams proactively to resolve issues before impact to the business.    • ITIO Eyes on Glass - managed Production Monitoring/Operations Analysis/Enterprise Data Warehousing optics which expedited restoration of business HP assets.  • Provided oversight to infrastructure groups ranging from Applications, Databases, Network, Exchange/SharePoint, Active/Enterprise Directory, and Authentication, which resulted in a 20% increase in communication and collaboration within groups.  • Collaborated with L4 Monitoring Operations and developers on scripts and runbooks to ensure proper metrics were being reported which sizably reduced false alerts. Incident Manager ITIO 2014 to 2015 Responsible for managing the lifecycle of all incidents and restoring normal service operations as quickly as possible to minimize adverse impact on the business.    • Launched and facilitated major incident conference calls through overflow with a scope of 5000+ applications and 800+ sites impacting revenue ranging to $1+ Billion, which resulted in efficient problem resolution with minimal disruption in service or workflow.  • Analyzed applications, Global IT infrastructure, and streamlined end-user IT production support teams for proactive incident management in real time conversations across 20+ virtual meeting rooms reducing response time greatly.  • Provided end to end accountability to resolve various incidents for a possible of 300,000+ employees, measurably improving customer satisfaction. IT Intern Inventec Inc - Houston, TX June 2012 to June 2013 Ensured all IT equipment was functional in accordance to compliance. Composed all applications and products to improve work efficiency within the company.    • Designed and implemented web applications from reporting to printing shipping labels for shipments sent worldwide which improved operations significantly.  • Conducted internal hardware maintenance; resolved open helpdesk tickets; managed troubleshooting of desktop, laptop, and networking equipment, resulting in reduction of poor performance in assets. Education Bachelors of Business Administration in Management Information Systems University of Houston, C. T. Bauer College of Business - Houston, TX Skills Data Warehousing (1 year), ESM (1 year), operations (4 years), Security (1 year), SIEM (1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/alexander-chen-security Additional Information SKILLS    • Ticketing(HP Service Manager, Service Now, Service Center, Remedy)  • Tenable  • TCP/IP  • LAN/WAN  • SIEM (MacAfee ESM, Hawk Network Defense)  • MacAfee ePO - AV  • Wireshark  • Business Service Manager  • VNC Server  • Microsoft System Center Operations Manager  • Enterprise Data Warehousing  • Oracle Enterprise Manager  • Microsoft Exchange and Office Suite  • OS (XP/Vista/7/8/10, Kali Linux)  • Database (SQL Server, Oracle)  • Microsoft Visual Studio  • Program (Java, HTML, ASP.NET - C#)  • Scripting (Javascript, Python)  • Regex  • AutoCAD  • Autodesk Inventor  • Gas Pro Energy Trading  • Network and Security Infrastructure  • Break fix laptop/desktop hardware and software  • Incident response and mitigation