Global Chief Information Security Officer Global Chief Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer Global Chief Information Security Officer Mokena, IL Senior leader in IT, security, and privacy who consistently demonstrates the ability to meet the enterprise and customer needs with over 28 years of experience in the life insurance industry, 18 years as Director of IT, and over 3 years in the role of CISO for the industry leader in life reinsurance software. A detail-oriented and creative problem solver often described as thorough, dedicated, hardworking and committed to excellence. Work Experience Global Chief Information Security Officer RGAX - Chesterfield, MO June 2018 to March 2019 Tasked with integrating the security, privacy, compliance, vetting, and business continuity  polices for multiple affiliate companies of RGAX into the base business with the help of the RGA Global Security and Privacy Office (GSPO). Collaborated with individuals at several  company locations in the US and Canada to understand existing policies in order to complete  vendor security/privacy questionnaires and validate security wording in contracts with those  companies' clients while planning for the integration of those various individual policies into the existing policies of the larger corporation. Overseeing the security/privacy needs of RGAX  offices in EMEA and APAC.    Key Accomplishments:  • Completed dozens of questionnaires annually from client companies to report the security status of multiple businesses and locations in the US and Canada. Varying  levels of processes from SIG Lite/Full, Hiperos online requests, and client specific  questionnaires in unique formats provided by individual companies. Some including  onsite and remote audits as follow up to the questions.  • Participated in Incident Response planning and training with individual affiliate  companies and with the RGA GSPO.  • Directed the use of the RGA Vendor Vetting process for any new business partners  being considered that had not already been through the process.  • Completed Business Continuity Plans, as plan owner, for 4 locations in the US and Canada using Salesforce/Fusion.  • Defined and maintained select risk categories for the finance department monthly in the Viclarity Risk Management System.  • Took part in the SOC 1 Type 1 Audit of one of the service companies done by KPMG  with the goal of requiring other affiliates and internal departments to start minimally  undertaking annual SOC 2 Type 2 Audits.  • Managed the process of testing all of the companies' websites and data collection  practices for GDPR compliance ahead of the May 25, 2018 effective date. Chief Information Security Officer / Director of IT Tindall Associates Incorporated - Orland Park, IL February 2016 to March 2019 Authored Security and Privacy policies, standardized responses to client questionnaires, and approved contract wording around security, privacy, and compliance. Managed an expanding  network infrastructure for a company growing from 25 to 83 employee through reorganization.    Key Accomplishments:  • Opened a new office location in Charlotte, NC. Full technology design, network, security, voice, and AV implementation.  • Designed layout of new office spaces in Charlotte, NC and Mokena, IL. Implementing  security cameras, wired and WIFI network layouts, multiple data lines into an SDWAN.  • Completed 21 vendor assessments for clients in 2018 for TAI.  • Implemented a dual authentication process using a Netgate security gateway, OpenVPN, and Cisco DUO to enhance remote access security.    • Transitioned knowledge and status of 14 assigned TAI clients to 6 other programmers  to take over existing and future projects for those clients.  • Configured the AlienVault OSSIM open source SIEM for tracking of network messages for security and forensic purposes.  • Activated IPS protection on the network using Suricata software and Talos certified  rulesets from Snort.  • Reviewed security wording in various contracts, MSAs, and SOWs.  • Acquired an increased knowledge of HIPPA requirements for software vendors and whether they require a Business Associates Agreement.  • Upgraded 14 employees to new Windows 10 laptops and VDI development environments  to keep client data within the SOC 2 Type II datacenters.  • Onboarded 11 new employees in the US in 2018 including hardware setup and technical  training.  • Onboarded 1 new employee in the UK and 4 in Canada in 2018 including hardware setup  and technical training.  • Facilitated integration after parent company purchased by RGA. Accepted expanded role  as Global CISO with RGAX, the affiliate company overseeing all RGA service companies.  • Moved two racks of internal network hardware to a Tier 3 colocation datacenter and implemented DR between two ServerCentral SOC 2 Type II datacenters.  • Implemented HTTPS, FTPS, and SFTP transfers using MOVEit software maintaining over  400 user accounts. Director of IT Tindall Associates Incorporated - Orland Park, IL January 2001 to February 2016 Managed network infrastructure while continuing system programming and client support as part of a 23 person company.    Key Accomplishments:  • Facilitated integration after company purchase by joint venture partnership between German and Canadian companies.  • Designated as one of three key employees for retention contract during acquisition.  • Promoted to Master of Ceremonies for the TAI Annual User Group Meeting. Managed  and introduced keynote speakers, prepared annual presentations, supported the staff for their presentations at the annual event.  • Organized responses to new expansion of client security questionnaires and audits.  • Vetted and selected a website vendor to design and maintain a company website.  Obtained company domain and all relevant domain suffixes to protect brand.  • Implemented SFTP transfers using WS_FTP Server for secure client data transfers.  • Moved the office from Crystal Tree in Orland Park, IL to a company owned building at Winterset in Orland Park, IL. Designed layout of brand new building to include  computer room with independent cooling and multiple physical networks to separate  external from internal network traffic.  • Migrated the entire company from Eudora/Imail to Outlook/Rackspace Hosted  Exchange and eventually to Office 365. Senior Programmer Analyst Tindall Associates Incorporated - Orland Park, IL January 1995 to January 2001 Accountable for network infrastructure, development, system programming, client support, sales, and marketing as part of a 10 person company.    Key Accomplishments:  • Collaborated in the design and testing of TAI GUI, a thick windows based client written  in Visual Basic by an outside consulting company.  • Enhanced the capabilities of the DOS based system by implementing a Btrieve file  structure.  • Developed a proof of concept Windows based version of the DOS application using  Micro Focus Dialog.  • Implemented a Procomm Plus BBS for FTP transfers between clients and TAI.  • Designed the first TAI website using Microsoft Frontpage.  • Moved the office from Ravinia in Orland Park, IL to Crystal Tree in Orland Park, IL, implementing both a Microsoft and Novell network in the new office to test client  issues that could be network dependent. Programmer Analyst Tindall Associates Incorporated - Orland Park, IL July 1990 to January 1995 Responsible for network infrastructure, system programming, client support, and sales as part  of a 4 person company.    Key Accomplishments:  • Participated in sales calls and demos to prospective clients.  • Developed base system enhancements as well as client specific processes on clients'  mainframe systems.  • Moved the office from Lombard, IL to Orland Park, IL and designed the networks and storage needs using a Lantastic coax network.  • Using the development tool, Computer Associates Realia, developed a DOS based  version of the mainframe application that could be utilized by smaller volume clients. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems DeVry Institute - Lombard, IL 1990 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) (5 years), Insurance (10+ years), Risk Management (3 years), Software Development (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Life Insurance (10+ years), Microsoft SQL (10+ years), Leadership (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Customer Service Skills (10+ years), Network Security (10+ years), Information Security (10+ years), Business Continuity (3 years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Security Audits (8 years), Physical Security (10+ years), Private Cloud (10+ years), Cloud Security (3 years), Security Awareness (3 years), Policy Development (10+ years), Privacy Compliance (4 years), Data Privacy (3 years), Vendor Assessment (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) July 2019 to Present (ISC)2 globally recognized security certification