Interim IT Security Analyst Interim <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Interim IT Security Analyst - University of Toledo Toledo, OH Information Security Analyst with 7 years of IT experience in the higher education and  healthcare sectors seeking to expand and utilize my Information Security skill set. Experience  includes nearly 1 year of Information Security experience with 4 years of software development  and 2 years of Linux/Unix administration. Monitored security and protected valuable data for a  major public university. Contributed technical skills in updating and administering security tools  including Splunk and Nexpose. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Interim IT Security Analyst University of Toledo - Toledo, OH December 2017 to Present Planning, implementing, maintaining, and updating security measures for maintaining  integrity of data  ? Monitoring of security controls including Splunk dashboards and event logs  ? Maintaining, upgrading, administering, and patching multiple servers for security systems  ? Conducting regular scanning and reporting on assets and recommending  patching/upgrading of hardware and software  ? Researching, identifying, and mitigating security threats to information systems  ? Providing customer support for VPN, web proxy, and door access systems Programmer 2 University of Toledo - Toledo, OH May 2015 to November 2017 Designed, developed, and delivered code for educational, web-based simulation games in  Silverlight, WPF and ASP.NET, including simulations for both private industry and educational clients  ? Maintained technical architecture including databases and Azure cloud service  infrastructure  ? Conducted initial interviews with co-op, undergraduate interns, and graduate  assistantship candidates along with colleagues  ? Oversaw the work and progress of both high school interns and college undergraduates in the Advanced Simulation and Gaming Studio  ? Performed administrative tasks related to the day to day operation of the Studio,  including coordination with other departments within and outside the University as necessary Programmer 1 University of Toledo - Toledo, OH January 2014 to April 2015 Designed, developed, and delivered code for educational, web-based simulation games in  Silverlight, including mock-ups of games for both private industry and educational clients  ? Maintained technical architecture including database and Azure cloud service  infrastructure  ? Conducted initial interviews with co-op and graduate assistant candidates along with colleagues Education Bachelor's in Computer Science and Engineering University of Toledo - Toledo, OH 2013 Skills SCANNING (Less than 1 year), SECURITY (Less than 1 year), SPLUNK (Less than 1 year), C# (Less than 1 year), C++ (Less than 1 year), Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security Additional Information Summary of Skills:    ? Experience with administration of Splunk in a clustered environment  ? Experience with administration, maintenance, and usage of Nexpose vulnerability  scanning software on an 18,000 asset network  ? Have used Splunk for data collection for incident response  ? Growing knowledge of PCI DSS  ? Security-focused mindset  ? Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills  ? Driven to learn new skills and adapt them to changing situations  ? Self-starting    Technical Skills:    ? Programming Languages: C#, C++, Java, SQL, JavaScript, Shell Scripting  ? Security Tools: Splunk, Nexpose    ? Operating Systems: Windows, Unix & Linux