Master Grill Operator Master Grill Operator Yadkinville, NC Technical and Customer Support Specialist for Lowes Company for over two years as a contractor for ComputerNet Resource Group and more than 4 years with Lowe’s Corporate IT service desk. Experience working with the Data security team then moved to the IT support team.   Over 20 years experience with customer service skills both in person and via the telephone. Expertise working in large retail and food industries. Background includes management and supervisory skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Master Grill Operator Waffle house August 2013 to Present I cook and prepare food by order. I supervise and communicate with my waitstaff to ensure customer satisfaction.  I am responsible for clean up of my work area and the reaturant. I also assist my co-workers in areas that need assistance. Washing dishes, taking customer's orders, taking money at the register. IT Support Technician II Lowe's - Wilkesboro, NC November 2009 to July 2013 Worked as a Technician in the Lowes IT support center supporting store employees with technical issues revolving around web-based selling tools as well as trouble shooting XP based applications and Hardware issues. Utilizing tools such as Remote viewer, FTP, Unix, Emanage, and other web based applications to trouble shoot and resolve most issues or utilizing the Remedy ticket application assign technical issues to other departments or dispatch on-site repair technicians for hardware related issues    Also worked in a mentor capacity. Creating documentation of new procedures and support applications. Worked with higher level support teams and programmers to translate material into a usable document for low level and new employees to utilize for troubleshooting issues over the phone.  Trained and assisted coworkers with troubleshooting and escalating issues with technical issues. IT Support Technician ComputerNet Resource Group - Winston-Salem, NC October 2007 to November 2009 Worked as a contractor in the Lowes IT support center supporting store employees with technical issues revolving around web-based selling tools as well as trouble shooting Windows XP and Windows 7 based applications Hardware issues. Utilizing tools such as Remote viewer, FTP, Emanage, and other web based applications to trouble shoot and resolve most issues or utilizing the Remedy ticket application assign technical issues to other departments or dispatch on-site repair technicians for hardware related issues Data Security Analyst ComputerNet Resource Group - Winston-Salem, NC July 2007 to October 2007 Worked as a contractor in the Lowes Data Security Department supporting clients using Remedy, windows XP, People Soft, Mainframe, VPN, Unix and Active directory. Created tickets at the Service Desk to expedite security issues. Helped customers with password related issues. I was also responsible for technical related issues for vendor and contractors outside of Lowes in order to implement and online payment program that utilized Web based applications, security certificates and Windows XP Education High school or equivalent Skills Remedy (6 years), Windows Xp (6 years), Microsoft office (6 years), Windows 7 (6 years)