IT Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Administrator IT Administrator - Sword & Shield Enterprise Security Knoxville, TN Consummate and knowledgeable professional with over 15 years of demonstrable experience in end-to-end IT Infrastructure, Security and Network Administration (WAN & LAN), Adept at management of systems, networks and security administration functions as well as technical engineering support to assess needs, define requirements, develop value-added solutions and execute technical solutions that streamline and improve operational efficiency. Particularly skilled at procuring, planning, developing, implementing and maintaining information technology products and services. Display a strong passion towards project completion and noted for utilizing out of box techniques in developing innovative ideas/procedures that drive continuous process improvements across all IT operations ensuring they are seamless, transparent, and efficient. Dedicated team player with professional oral and written communication skills, committed to establishing safe operating IT conditions and environment. Work Experience IT Administrator Sword & Shield Enterprise Security July 2016 to Present Sword & Shield Enterprise Security merged with two other companies in May 2019 to form Avertium    IT Administrator July 2016 - Present  The management of systems, networks and security administration functions for all Sword & Shield networks, as well as technical engineering support for Sword & Shield product sales division on select product sets. Responsible for helping planning, development, procurement, implementation, and maintenance of all information technology products and services. Formulate and administer IT policies, procedures, goals, and objectives. Assist in the development of IT services and solutions to effectively meet the future needs of the company. Ensure that IT services are seamless, transparent, and efficiently delivered and that problems are promptly resolved. Coordinate IT activities with other departments and employees, and share information with assigned groups and teams.  • Ensures that all information and telecommunication systems are functioning correctly and receive timely maintenance as necessary.  • Directs the installation and setup of new systems and ensures that all designated requirements are met.  • Oversees the provision of seamless network and telecommunications solutions that effectively meet client and user needs.  • Ensures that system uptime and functionality exceed established IT goals.  • Identifies, evaluates, and recommends new technologies. Interfaces with vendors and suppliers to stay well informed of current IT developments.  • Manages the procurement, setup, and running of hardware and software for all departments.  • Help Develop IT policies and procedures for future reference and problem solving  • Maintains professional relations with users and trade contacts.  • Ensures the effective coordination of user needs with IT resources.  • Ensures quality customer service and problem resolution at all levels.  • Promotes goodwill and a positive image of Sword & Shield.    • Ensures the IT needs of internal staff are met with reliable systems.  • Ensures effective communication between IT staff and system users.  • Obtains and conveys information as appropriate.  • Coordinates activities of departments, managers, and teams to facilitate optimal IT services.  • Ensures the timely completion of reports, records, and other documentation as required.  • Stays informed of trends and developments in information technology.  • Completes special projects as assigned.  • Information technology needs are accurately identified and appropriately met.  • Information systems are up-to-date, capable of meeting current needs, and adaptable to future requirements.  • Required reports and documentation are complete, accurate, and timely.  • Information and equipment are secure.  • Good business relations exist with clients, vendors, trade professionals, etc.  • Disaster planning and mitigation strategies are being implemented.  • Asset management practices are in place and implemented.  • Problem Solving Cyber Security Analyst Sword & Shield Enterprise Security May 2016 to July 2016 SOC Analyst works closely with the client to provide proactive support assistance to reduce or prevent security issues from occurring on the client network. Administer and maintain security measures focused on application, web and infrastructure security for the client. Responsible for working with key client contacts at multiple levels of the organization to identify and align business and IT Security objectives. Provide security analytics and assistance with security support requests.  • Monitored, responded to and analyze SEIM alerts from monitoring tools.  • Provided technical guidance/recommendations to clients to enhance their overall security posture within the managed products. Handles daily incidents; monitors, tracks, analysis, and recording.  • Work with vendors, outside consultants, and other third parties to improve information security within the organization.  • Responded to security-related tickets escalated from clients and works collaboratively with the client to assist in resolving security events.  • Worked with other IT professionals to resolve fast-moving vulnerabilities such as spam, virus, spyware, and malware.  • Monitored security vulnerability information from vendors and third parties.  • Created Weekly and Monthly Status Reports, including daily technical task reports. Operations Information Services - Help Desk - Tier II University of Tennessee Medical Center May 2015 to May 2016 • Provided phone support and assistance to the clinicians and customers of the University of TN Medical Center and affiliated partners.  • Planned, implemented, installed, operated and maintained systems hardware, software applications, and IT infrastructure.  • Configured, maintained, and performed troubleshot all network functions and applications.  • Administered and maintained business servers, networks, systems, and web applications.  • Used the work order tracking system for managing customer requests that come in by voice, voice mail, and web form, & email.  • Provided hardware and software engineering support for Information Systems utilizing object-oriented programming and client/server applications.  • Installed and implemented new programs, modules, servers, hardware, and network equipment when necessary to upgrade, improve resources or increase compatibility.  • Performed cause and effect analysis on complex issues to discover and correct the underlying source of the problems.  • Collaborated with external resources such as Microsoft and Dell to resolve hardware and software problems.  • Documented procedures and provide training for support personnel. Communications Specialist Knox County Sheriff's Office September 2002 to May 2015 • Worked within the KCSO Radio Shop division, program all APX Motorola Mobile & Portable Radios.  • Maintained the Software & Hardware for these 2000+ devices as well repair, clone and replace the equipment as needed. Diagnosed, troubleshot and resolved a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues.  • Maintained user/problem databases and support documentation.  • Scheduled and performed network and system maintenance, repairs, and upgrade for 1500+ officers.  • Supervised the Classification Department within the Knox County Correctional Division.  • Managed inmate population of 1,100+ inmates daily. Ramp Agent FedEx May 1999 to September 2002 • Managed a crew of 30+ employees and two Boeing 727 jets on a nightly basis.  • Administered courteous, prompt, accurate and careful handling of customers packages and airfreight.  • Facilitated servicing aircraft as needed (aircraft weight and balance and documents as needed)  • Assisted in ramp arrangements and storage of heavy equipment.  • Coordinated with Operations, Flight Crew personnel, and other ground personnel. Education BS in Information Technology Western Governors University 2016 to Present AS in Accounting & Finance Chattanooga State 1987 to 1990 Skills MAINTENANCE, CABLING, DOCUMENTATION, CYBER SECURITY, FIREWALL, RSA, SSL, EXCHANGE, SECURITY, SHAREPOINT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CITRIX, INFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT, JUNIPER, SWITCHING, SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, VMWARE, VPN, NETWORK ADMINISTRATION, DATABASE ADMINISTRATION, firewalls, Networking, LAN, DNS, System Administrator, Linux, System Administrator, Linux, System Admin, SCCM