Director, Information Security & Compliance Director, Information <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Compliance Work Experience Director, Information Security & Compliance Redbox Automated Retail, LLC - Oakbrook Terrace, IL October 2014 to Present 10/2014 - Present  * Oversee the design, implementation and ongoing management of enterprise information security programs, including policies, procedures, technical systems and workforce training in order to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the company's information assets while ensuring compliance with regulatory, contractual and industry standards requirements and minimizing risks.  * Responsible for managing a $5 million annual operating plan and $12 million capital investment cross-functional project.  * Lead the implementation and operationalization of Privacy By Design (GDPR/CCPA) program across multiple business units.  * Define and promote the role of information security in effectively and efficiently supporting secure and compliant products and services delivered by LOBs and S Sus.  * Develop, direct and lead the implementation of information security frameworks and governance  models that ensure compliance with regulatory, contractual and industry standards requirements in support of the company's information security mission and strategic plan.  * Lead the company's PCI DSS Tier 1 Compliance, CCPA Data Privacy and ISO 27001 certification efforts, evaluating and recommending the adoption of other such standards that best serve the company's business needs and information security strategy.  * Provide leadership to the enterprise integrated Information Management program combining Information Security Management system (ISMS), Business Continuity Management system (BCMS) and Privacy.  * Responsible for supporting and establishing cyber-insurance policy coverage.  * Establish information security standards for vendors and third parties accessing or processing  information assets, working with Legal to ensure inclusion of requirements in third party contracts.  * Identifying LOB/SSU needs in the areas of Information Security, Data Privacy, and technology infrastructure and championing the initiation and delivery of the appropriate solutions, products and services to meet those needs.  * Direct the execution of the Information Security and Privacy roadmap and report progress against plan to senior leadership and Board of Directors. Senior Manager, Information Security Redbox Automated Retail, LLC - Oakbrook Terrace, IL March 2013 to October 2014 * Established the Information Management program which identifies all applicable security and privacy controls for lines of businesses. ( Security framework based on ISO 27001).  * Led the Redbox Information Management program implementation and worked in conjunction with Legal to ensure coordination with Privacy Program.  * Led the Redbox PCI Compliance program and ongoing compliance initiatives.  * Developed and gained senior management buy-in for two multi-million dollar capital projects in 2013.  * Collaborated with Technology leadership to streamline security operations, while maintaining relevant compliance with legal, industry best-practice, and regulatory requirements.  * Prioritized and aligned information security management activities with business and technology stakeholders.  * Supported the incident management and investigative programs related to security policies for the LOB. IT Compliance Manager Redbox Automated Retail, LLC - Oakbrook Terrace, IL August 2010 to March 2013 * Designed and implemented a PCI Compliance Program for a Level 1 PCI Merchant, Redbox.  * Established a Sarbanes-Oxley IT General Controls framework (SOX ITGC) which consisted of security controls, including a user access review process.  * Created and maintained information security policies and procedures for the Redbox line of business.  * Managed vulnerability and penetration testing activities by internal and external staff.  * Created and executed security awareness training initiatives.  * Provided formal recommendations for mitigating risks and security exceptions.  * Served as a single point of contact to third party auditors. IT Compliance Manager Walgreen Co November 2005 to October 2006 * Responsible for ensuring Walgreen Co. compliance with both regulatory and company based IT Security policies.  * Led and managed the review, analysis and documentation of the information technology compliance efforts required to support HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), Sarbanes Oxley ITGC (SOX) and PCI.  * Created and maintained an awareness training program as required by government regulations.  * Worked directly with Walgreen development teams and business owners to identify and resolve areas of non-compliance.  * Collaborated with IT Security and Compliance counterparts from newly acquired companies to identify and resolve as of non-compliance.  * Reviewed and assessed system security exception requests and presented them to the IT Security Review Committee for approval. Walgreen Co - Deerfield, IL November 2001 to October 2006 Senior IT Auditor Walgreen Co November 2001 to November 2005 * Planned and conducted audits to identify and address risks through system control reviews of business applications and IT infrastructure across all development departments and operating divisions. This included the assessment of new and/or existing applications, operating systems, databases and security practices.  * Planned the development of IT audit scope, objectives, audit program and determined audit procedures to be used.  * Developed risk assessments for critical IT business processes and prepared appropriate audit plans.  * Prepared written and oral presentations to management discussing areas of audit concern, recommending corrective action, and suggesting improvements in operations and cost reductions. Analyst - Consulting Accenture October 2000 to September 2001 * Transferred to the consulting practice after first year.  * Provided testing support on a web development project for a large insurance company. Project involved assembly testing of a Quick Quote system which was a premium quoting application for the Property and Casualty insurance business.  * Analysis of business requirements and creation of test plans for each of the states involved in the new release.  * Developed individual test cases from the test plans to meet all business requirements. Accenture - Chicago, IL August 1999 to September 2001 Application Developer - CIO Organization Accenture August 1999 to October 2000 - Chief Information Officer Organization  * Held internal role within Accenture in which I provided application development and production support of the company's Client Accounting system.  * Documented software changes, testing efforts, migration of software, environment verification and any production issues/resolutions.  * Developed new Client Accounting production support processes/procedures for the team in order to reach full efficiency.  * Successfully completed execution and verification of Product Test for new release of the financial system. Education Bachelor of Science in Finance DePaul University - Chicago, IL Skills ISO, ISO 27001, PCI, SECURITY, GOVERNANCE