IT Analyst/Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Engineer IT Analyst/Engineer Woodbury, MN Seasoned generalist able to quickly aquire any skills needed. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst/Engineer Delta Airlines, Inc - Eagan, MN January 2005 to May 2019 Performed myriad of duties related to Windows desktop provision and management. Skills included:  • Repackaging OEM installers, as well as creating installation packages from scratch for in-house applications, for automated distribution using Radia and other technologies, as well as Security Group Policy and software license management.  • Developed various utilities and data-driven management applications in support of above including Policy Analyzer, CLMS (Component Lifecycle Management System), Radia Sync Controller, AutoEU (enterprise patch and software update automation) and other ancillary utilities.  • Assisted Software Services and Hardware Configuration groups with monthly patch and software update distributions. Independent Consultant Tech Systems, Inc. - Bloomington, MN June 2003 to January 2005 IT consulting for major airline, including Radia packaging, QA and administration. Project management, intranet development and business process engineering in support of major software migration.    Website design for clients in the Real Estate and Finance industries:  • Community Portal consulting using open-source technologies, including Linux, Apache, PHP, PHP-Nuke and MySQL . Security Products Manager Shavlik Technologies, LLC - Saint Paul, MN August 1999 to April 2003 Performed product management of security applications, including software development, testing, packaging, and distribution:  • Managed all phases of software development for an industry leading, multi-million dollar security assessment package for Microsoft including the proposal, analysis and design, staffing, budgeting, scheduling, coding, risk management, quality assurance, and maintenance.  • Facilitated e-commerce website development and administration, performed software support infrastructure design and administration, and provided marketing sales and support.  • Maintained customer relationships and assisted clients in software testing along with the development of automated testing procedures.  • Supervised and mentored development team members with their professional development. Systems Consultant Logic Information Systems, Inc - Mendota Heights, MN August 1998 to August 1999 Provided systems analysis and software development, as well as implementing EDI standards, processes and infrastructure for clients in the retail industry:  • Developed client/server and web-based multi-tier applications, relational databases/stored procedures, created guest books and list servers for websites.  • Designed/administered internal NT server and Windows workstations networks. Client/Server Lab Administrator Mankato State University - Mankato, MN June 1996 to August 1998 Served as the network, database, and web administrator of the University's client/server computer lab:  • Designed, implemented and maintained multiple server network running Windows and UNIX.  • Administered user accounts, databases and websites for faculty and students.  • Assisted in course development and software/hardware selection and procurement. Education B.S. in Computer Science/Business Mankato State University January 1995 to August 1998