Network Information Analyst Network Information <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Network Information Analyst Work Experience Network Information Analyst March 2018 to March 2019 • Monitor network devices and Windows systems and applications and respond to issues following well-documented procedures.  • Research, troubleshoot and resolve routine to complex network issues.  • Open incidents and escalate extremely complex problems to next appropriate level of support.  • Maintain incident information and ensure accurate updates and related documentation are completed with established time frame.  • Respond to assigned feedback messages referred by internal groups.  • Respond to alarm conditions using Solarwinds and isolate cause of trouble.  • Perform routine remote diagnostics following established S.O.P CHANGE HEALTHCARE - Westerville, OH March 2018 to March 2018 Security Information Analyst November 2016 to November 2017 Contract ended)  • Manage internal customer inquiries through phone calls and ensure appropriate assistance is in compliance with company policies and procedures and federal law  • Provide appropriate consultation to customer for various products and services  • Manage all customer issues and resolve all complaints effectively  • Develop and maintain professional relationship with stakeholders to provide exceptional customer care services  • Assist customer to select optimal and cost-effective methods for his or her requirements  • Maintain a current individual knowledge base of all Discover Financial Bank polices, services, and products as well as all applicable state and federal laws  • Issue RSA security tokens to individual contributors DISCOVER FINANCIAL - New Albany, OH November 2016 to November 2016 Customer Care Consultant I PNC BANK - Whitehall, OH June 2013 to April 2016 • Manage all customer inquiries through phone calls and ensure appropriate assistance is in compliance with company policies and procedures and federal law  • Provide appropriate consultation to customer for various products and services  • Manage all customer issues and resolve all complaints effectively  • Develop and maintain professional relationship with colleagues and stakeholders to provide exceptional customer care services  • Assist customer to select optimal and cost-effective methods for his or her requirements  • Maintain a current individual knowledge base of all PNC Bank polices, services, and products as well as all applicable state and federal laws Project Management Office Coordinator INSIGHT GLOBAL - Columbus, OH June 2011 to March 2013 • Initiating user network, back-up, and restore of user's data  • Performing disk wipe on all PC's and servers before site departure.  • Migration of documents, settings, printers, and share drives.  • Perform and enable remote technical support to customers and/or field support using problem determination/problem source identification skills.  • Use technical and negotiation skills in collaboration with other support operations/organizations to prioritize and diagnose problems to resolution.  • Communicates action plans to the customers or technical representatives.  • Recommends and implements new or improvements to existing technical support tools, procedures, and processes.  • Provide training for and mentor others on the team.  • Contributes to department attainment of organizational objectives and high customer satisfaction.  • Work closely with the client to schedule service calls and provide status.  • Able to multitask in a fast-paced environment.  • Able to maintain focus and consistency during high priority/critical issues.  • Excellent communication skills with the ability to gauge audience's technical knowledge. I.T. Support Specialist GODDARD SCHOOL - Gahanna, OH August 2008 to June 2011 • Monitored, maintained and updated classroom servers.  • Research, troubleshoot and resolve routine to complex server issues.  • Perform routine diagnostics.  • Able to maintain focus and consistency during high priority/critical issues.  • Excellent communication skills with the ability to gauge audience's technical knowledge. I.T. Operational Support Specialist STERLING COMMERCE - Dublin, OH January 2001 to August 2008 • Monitor network devices, mainframe, UNIX/Linux, and Windows systems and applications and respond to issues following well-documented procedures.  • Research, troubleshoot and resolve routine to complex network issues.  • Open incidents and escalate extremely complex problems to next appropriate level of support.  • Maintain incident information and ensure accurate updates and related documentation are completed with established time frame.  • Respond to assigned feedback messages referred by internal groups.  • Respond to alarm conditions using OpenView and isolate cause of trouble.  • Perform routine remote diagnostics following established S.O.P. and Get Answers.  • Assisted with the establishment of Remote Operational Center.  • Maintain integrity and reliability of Remote Operational Center.  • Able to multitask in a fast paced 24/7 environment  • Communicated heavily with all internal customer groups: Database, EMT, Mainframe, CNHO Systems, Commerce: Center, GISHI, AutoSys  • Able to maintain focus and consistency during high priority/critical issues.  • Excellent communication skills with the ability to gauge audience's technical knowledge. Education Bachelor of Arts in Political Science CENTRAL STATE UNIVERSITY - Wilberforce, OH 1994 Skills Active directory, Netcool, Networking, Peregrine, Solarwinds, Tcp/ip, Linux, Unix, Jes2, Mainframe, Mvs, Citrix, Tcp, Sterling, Ftp, Ms office, Jcl, Lotus notes Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    • 4 years of call center experience  • Knowledge in Unix, Linux, Windows NT, 2k3 Server, Vista, XP, 7 and 10, MS Office, Lotus Notes, and OS2 Warp.  • Understanding of networking concepts and protocols primarily TCP/IP and FTP, X400, X25, and AS2 protocols.  • Experience with Sterling Commerce's Connect: Direct  • Mainframe OS components such as MVS, JES2, JES3, TSO, JCL and OS390.  • Knowledge of HPOV, NetCool, Peregrine and Active Directory.  • Knowledge of Commerce: Centre and Citrix  • Knowledge of Identity Manager and Service Now  • Knowledge of Solarwinds