Cyber Security Principal Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Principal Collierville, TN Results-oriented IT leader with 20+ years’ experience in leading large enterprise  initiatives in the domains of software development, infrastructure implementation  & support, and cyber security. Strong team leadership, interpersonal and relationshipbuilding skills. A holistic thinker, self-starter and competent team player with  excellent problem-solving/analytical skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Principal FedEx September 2018 to Present Lead Application Security team in growing Static Appliation Security Testing (SAST) program. Closely work with DevOps leaders in other groups to develop and enable Continuous Integration/Continuous Development. Drive improvements to processes and design enhancements to automation. Create and manage metrics/KPI that align to the business objectives of the program.  Manager IT FedEx September 2014 to August 2018 Managed the Enterprise Authentication Service team. Responsible for the highly complex, critical (tier 0) Identity Access & Management (IAM) systems: Web Single Sign-On (WSSO), cloud Identity Federation systems, and LDAP Group Retrieval Service  Accomplishments:   Oversaw over 20 resources including third party vendors, budget and short to medium term planning.   Delivered a high-quality active-active multi-data-center (3 data centers) NextGen Web Access Manager infrastructure meeting PCI compliance regulation (especially the TLS1.2 requirement)   Collaborated with many FedEx organizations and successfully migrated over 900 applications from legacy WSSO to NextGen WSSO   Collaborated with many FedEx groups and successfully implemented a Cloud Identity Federation system which provides authentication service for SaaS applications. Grew the SaaS federation integration by 200%.  Co-commander of WCry/Petya cyber incident response team in 2017 Technical Principal FedEx October 2007 to August 2014 Led the entire effort of enterprise Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI)-- Citrix Virtual Desktop/app design/implementation/support. VDI makes it possible for FedEx to provide maximum control and security over distributed clients with end-user flexibility. Led implementation strategy and deployment of several Data Protection Program (DPP) initiatives to fulfill the PCI/HIPAA/SOX regulation requirement and protect FedEx data assets. The initiatives include DARS (Data-At-Rest Security), DITS (Data-In-Transit Security), eKMS (Enterprise Key Management System), Compliance Logging Monitoring tool, Laptop Encryption, and Digital Certificate Management. Member of Cyber Incident Response team Technical Advisor FedEx March 2006 to September 2007 Technical lead in developing and supporting several truck/flight planning systems in the Line Haul System Development group. Projects include CCAP, TPIC, GRMS, and Load Planning. Associated roles/tasks include: Followed SDLC and led the project concept, definition, planning, design, deployment strategy, & execution Led software requirement specification & software development. Technologies used include: Java, Javascript, JSP, HTML, CCS, Ant, Log4j, Eclipse, Weblogic, EJB, Tibco JMS, XML etc.  Sr Technical Analyst FedEx January 1999 to March 2006 Built a large Java web-based system GREMS (Global Real Estate Management System) from ground zero to replace a legacy mainframe system PROMIS as one of the Corporate Properties & Facilities’ major initiatives. I was one of the overall technical architects and project lead in phase 1a including project analysis and GREMS database design in all phases. I led in backend designing, implementing, testing, and debugging in all phases, eventually successful production deployment. Estimated cost saving was more than $4 million. Education Master's in Business Admin and Management Christian Brothers University 2010 to 2012 Master's in Computer Science University of Memphis January 1996 to December 1998 Skills Cyber Security, It Security, Linux, Information Security, Nist, Cissp, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance, Siem, Information Security (10+ years), IAM, Encryption, PKI Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) 2008 Sun Certified Java Programmer Present