IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security analyst Bloomfield, NJ Professional with experience in SAP security, expert in role based analysis and ability to reduce risk by creative thinking. Possesses strategic knowledge in the administrative assistance field, human resources department, and business and marketing industries. Knowledge of SAP Security policies and guidelines for table access, naming conventions, Program access, report access, ABAP development, custom authorization objects. Tested business roles after role has been changed/ or modified and has experience in the transports release. Self-motivated, relentless worker that will provide invaluable skills and drive to ensure the organization’s expectations are met. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Matrix Global Solutions May 2018 to May 2019 • Assist team in matters related to security using SAP software  • Create and maintain master, single, derived, and task-based roles  • Create composite roles and test to simplify management  • Conformed policy for Segregation of duties by using Profile Generator (PFCG), creating and modifying master/derived roles using the PFCG tool.   • Use of tables to in regards to audit and compliance, use and authorizations, support, review and monitoring which include USR02, USR04,USR05, Trace with ST01, AGR Tables - SE16, AGR1251 to monitor authorization data of roles, AGR1252 to monitor organization levels, AGR_USERS, AGR_PROF, AGR_HIER, AGR_DEFINE, AGR_AGRS  • SU24 to view and analyze USOBT and USBOX with default values as well as USOBT_C and USOBX_C with custom values  • Use SU53 and SUIM to assign missing authorizations to users. Use SU53 to trace missing authorization objects and recommended appropriate roles for the users and SUIM to create monthly audit reports  • Analyzing user buffers of users with SU56   • Comprehensive use of PFCG to generate and assign roles to end users  • Under risk analysis and remediation, perform user and role analysis to identify existing SOD violations  • Mass user creation using SU10  • Use SE01, SE09 and SE10 to manage mass transport  • Used SM18, SM19 and SM20 for Audit logs whenever needed, use SM50, SM51, DB12 and DB13 to help with database and server monitoring and system backup scheduling  • Assisting with help desk tickets regarding access authorization & termination, user authorization issues and user account administration  • Scrutinizing security access needed for consultants and customers in SAP Transactional operations IT Security analyst Tadlock Roofing, Inc February 2016 to January 2018 • Handling security matters using SAP software  • Create and maintain master, single, derived, and task-based roles  • Trouble-shooting with SU53, ST01  • Assisting with help desk tickets regarding access authorization & termination, user authorization issues and user account administration  • Scrutinizing security access needed for consultants and customers in SAP Transactional operations  • Analyzing user buffers of users with SU56   • Create composite roles and test to simplify management    • Conformed policy for Segregation of duties by using Profile Generator (PFCG), creating and modifying master/derived roles using the PFCG tool.   • Use of tables to in regards to audit and compliance, use and authorizations, support, review and monitoring which include USR02, USR04,USR05, Trace with ST01, AGR Tables (SE16), AGR1251 to monitor authorization data of roles, AGR1252 to monitor organization levels, AGR_USERS, AGR_PROF, AGR_HIER, AGR_DEFINE, AGR_AGRS  • SU24 to view and analyze USOBT and USBOX with default values as well as USOBT_C and USOBX_C with custom values  • Supported SAP GRC Access control team  • Use SU53 and SUIM to assign missing authorizations to users. Use SU53 to trace missing authorization objects and recommended appropriate roles for the users and SUIM to create monthly audit reports  • Comprehensive use of PFCG to generate and assign roles to end users  • Under risk analysis and remediation, perform user and role analysis to identify existing SOD violations  • Mass user creation using SU10  • Use SE01, SE09 and SE10 to manage mass transport  • Used SM18, SM19 and SM20 for Audit logs whenever needed, use SM50, SM51, DB12, and DB13 to help with database and server monitoring and system backup scheduling Education Bachelor's Montclair State University - Montclair, NJ Skills ABAP (3 years), HTML (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office (10+ years), SAP (5 years), Security (5 years) Additional Information Professional with experience in SAP security, expert in role based analysis and ability to reduce risk by creative thinking. Possesses strategic knowledge in the administrative assistance field, human resources department, and business and marketing industries. Knowledge of SAP Security policies and guidelines for table access, naming conventions, Program access, report access, ABAP development, custom authorization objects. Tested business roles after role has been changed/ or modified and has experience in the transports release. Self-motivated, relentless worker that will provide invaluable skills and drive to ensure the organization's expectations are met.    SKILLS:  ? Expert in all Microsoft Office  ? HTML-5, Some level of ABAP  ? SAP Security