SENIOR CONSULTANT SENIOR CONSULTANT SENIOR CONSULTANT - Optimus Tech Services Gainesville, TX To obtain a position in the field of information technology with an emphasis on team leadership, management, technology support and planning for an organization; special interests include cyber security, vendor management, team, department, server and desktop virtualization and project management. Work Experience SENIOR CONSULTANT Optimus Tech Services - Austin, TX April 2017 to Present environments for production and development usage.  • Deployed Horizon 7.5 for 1200 users and provided day2 support and training.  • Implement VCSA appliances for management of the virtual infrastructure.  • Design and implement multi factor authentication services for Horizon VDI.  • Deployed vSphere 6.7 in a stretch cluster to support the implementation of 600 users on Horizon 7.5 for. This includes integrations with App Volumes and Workspace ONE.  • Provide design and implementation services for 2000 VDI desktops datacenter relocation.  • Implement UAG appliances for secure remote access to VDI environments.  • Prepare Horizon environments for load balancer architecture.  • Provide professional staff augmentation for all clients.  • Design and implement VSphere ESXi hosts for client environment.  • Completed vSphere infrastructure Health Assessment and Remediation for 100+ hosts across various datacenters.  • Conducted Horizon VDI consolidation engagement for 1000 user deployment across 4 geographically dispersed datacenters.  • Conduct health checks for vSphere and Horizon virtual environments and develop remediation plans to ensure maximum productivity and best practices. SECURITY ENGINEER RACK FOUNDRY, INC April 2017 to October 2017 • Engineer, implement and monitor security measures for the protection of computer systems, networks and information.  • Design system security architecture and develop detailed security designs for clients.  • Remain informed with current global security threats.  • Prepare and document standard operating procedures and protocols.  • Configure and troubleshoot security infrastructure devices for customers.  • Design and engineer firewall solutions for Cisco, WatchGuard, Palo Alto, Juniper Networks, and Sophos.  • Remotely provide setup and implementation for SIEM appliances.  • Implement network vulnerability scanning with OpenVas, Nessus, Qualys.  • Prepare SNORT- IDS for clients, along with setup and configuration of OSSEC HIDS Server/Agents, and file integrity monitoring services.  • Perform PEN tests for clients using Tennable's Nessus, Metasploit, and Kali Linux where applicable.  • Use TCPDUMP to analyze network traffic to ensure security tools are performing properly and to troubleshoot if needed.  • Analyze traffic of networks with Wireshark to assist in setup and troubleshooting.  • Perform web application vulnerability tests for clients.  • Provide system integration support for clients on premise network security tools, to allow information flow to the SIEM.  • Provide training for customers via webex and created how-to videos, along with written documentation and Blogs. NETWORK ENGINEER/DATA ANALYST COOKE COUNTY ELECTRIC CO-OPERATIVE August 2017 to September 2017 • Manage all internal LAN/WAN connections and design.  • Setup SCADA network and programming of electronic breaker controls for grid management.  • Setup and maintain electric load control IoT devices for grid demand reduction, and energy management.  • Managed and installed all remote IoT meter-reading collectors consisting of 16,000.00 nodes.  • Responsible for design and setup of Tableau data analytics report software and server installation.  • Managed and designed reports using Tableau data analytics for internal users.  • Managed the Alien Vault unified security management appliance for network cyber- security posture while adhering to PCI-DSS compliances.  • Managed backup solutions for all information technology infrastructure, to ensure maximum uptime.  • Successfully converted internal Barracuda Networks on premise spam filter to cloud hosted spam and encryption with Barracuda Networks.  • Setup VPN tunnels with Cisco Firewalls to of premise hosted applications.  • Setup and managed Cisco Next Generation IPS, tuned system to reduce false positives. IT MANAGER COOKE COUNTY ELECTRIC CO-OPERATIVE August 2007 to August 2017 • Setup IIoT management system for proactive management of facility emergency generator.  • Setup Solar Winds Log and Event Manager, along with IPAM to manage network infrastructure and provide visibility into the network.  • Managed information technology training and staffing, along with cyber security management.  • Managed all servers, computer systems, and overall technology plan of organization.  • Provided monthly information technology reports, and project updates for all staff meetings, including board of director meetings.  • Project manager for electronic meter technology change, including assistance with installing wireless collection units while training field crews on installing and maintaining the wireless units.  • Responsible for cyber security design, implementation plans, and disaster recovery plans.  • Managed Avaya IP phone systems, video surveillance systems, Sonic Wall, WatchGuard and Cisco Firewalls, and facility access control systems; secure works network monitoring systems, and Kali Linux ethical hacking suite.  • Managed enterprise backup systems, for system uptime and recovery points.  • Developed first wireless meter system performance tool using Tableau data analytics.  • Successfully deployed the first licensed wireless electric meter reading system with Aclara Technologies. Education High school or equivalent Skills Lan/wan (10+ years), Vmware (9 years), Exchange (5 years), Linux (3 years), Red hat (2 years), Management (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses VCP7-DTM Install, configure, and manage VMware Horizon virtual desktop environments. VCP6.5-DCV Install, configure, and manage VMware vSphere 6.5 environments for virtual server environments. COMPTIA SECURITY + Security+ incorporates best practices in hands-on trouble-shooting to ensure security professionals have practical security problem-solving skills.