APM,Splunk Developer APM,Splunk Developer APM,Splunk Developer - Aditum Clearwater, FL • Established 10+years strong experience with Splunk enterprise, distributed Splunk architecture and components including search heads, indexers, and forwarders.  • Hands-on experience with Splunk Core infrastructure (Forwarders, Indexers, Search Head Cluster Environment)  • Written customized Python scripts for specific conditions to trigger the alerts.  • Good Knowledge on Splunk User Behavior Analytics (UBA).  • Achieved hands-on knowledge of Splunk Searching and Reporting modules, Knowledge Objects, Administration, Add-On's, Dashboards, Clustering and Forwarder Management.  • Good knowledge on Splunk ITSI  • Good understanding of networking concepts.  • Sharpened in field Extraction, using IFX, Rex Command, and Regex in configuration files.  • Supervised Splunk administering in environments like Window Servers, Red Hat Linux Enterprise Servers.  • Implemented the log correlation searches based on end client requirements.  • Worked on multiple security tools such as Phish Me, CiscoISE, CarbonBlack Protect and Defense.  • Created and Managed Splunk DB connect Identities, Database Connections, Database Inputs, Outputs, lookups, access controls.  • Implemented the indexer clustering and search head clustering in a production environment.  • Implemented workflow actions to drive troubleshooting across multiple event types in Splunk.  • Create Splunk Search Processing Language (SPL) queries, Reports, Alerts, and Dashboards.  • Analyze computer systems and mobile devices to identify malicious binaries and to discover evidence of any suspicious activities related to malware.  • Expertise in customizing Splunk for Monitoring, Application Management, and Security as per customer requirements and industry best practice.  • Provided in-depth behavioral and dynamic malware analysis to identify current infection trends.  • Monitoring network traffic for security events and perform triage analysis to identify security incidents.  • Focusing on learning DevOps technologies in order to contribute more towards software development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience APM,Splunk Developer Aditum - Clearwater, FL April 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Designed Splunk Enterprise 6.5 infrastructure to provide high availability by configuring clusters across two different data centers.  • Installed, Configured, Maintained, Tuned and Supported Splunk Enterprise server 6.x/5.x.  • Architect and Implement Splunk arrangements in exceptionally accessible, repetitive, conveyed figuring situations.  • Performed Field Extractions and Transformations using the RegEx in Splunk.  • Responsible for Installing, configured and administered Splunk Enterprise on Linux and Windows servers.  • Supported the upgradation of Splunk Enterprise server and Splunk Universal Forwarder from 6.5 to 6.6.  • Installation and implementation of the Splunk App for Enterprise Security and documented best practices for the installation and performed knowledge transfer on the process.  • Worked on installing Universal Forwarders and Heavy Forwarders to bring any kind of data fields into Splunk.  • Writing Splunk Queries, Expertise in searching, monitoring, analyzing and visualizing Splunk logs.  • Experience in alert handling, standard availability and performance report generation. Experience in root cause analysis of post-production performance related issues through Splunk tool.  • Designing, optimizing and executing Splunk-based enterprise solutions.  • Installed and configured Splunk Universal Forwarders on both UNIX (Linux, Solaris, and AIX) and Windows Servers.  • Hands on experience in customizing Splunk dashboards, visualizations, configurations using customized Splunk queries.  • Monitored the Splunk infrastructure for capacity planning, scalability, and optimization.  • Experienced in using Splunk- DB connect for real-time data integration between Splunk Enterprise and rest all other databases.  • Expertise in Actuate Reporting, development, deployment, management and performance tuning of Actuate reports.  • Responsible with Splunk Searching and Reporting modules, Knowledge Objects, Administration, Add-On's, Dashboards, Clustering and Forwarder Management.  • Monitored license usage, indexing metrics, Index Performance, Forwarder performance, death testing.  • Splunk Architecture/Engineering and Administration for SOX monitoring and control compliance.  • Design and implement Splunk Architecture (Indexer, Deployment server, Search heads, and Forwarder management), create/migrate existing Dashboards, Reports, Alerts, on daily/weekly schedule to provide the best productivity and service to the business units and other stakeholders.  • Involved in standardizing Splunk forwarder deployment, configuration and maintenance across UNIX and Windows platforms.  • Configured Syslog server for the forwarding the logs to Splunk server via network protocols like TCP and UDP.  • Subject matter expert in best practices, security protocols, PKI, and other security-related issues.  • Monitored the database (data tables and error tables), WebLogic error log files and application error log files to track and fix bugs.  • Responsible for troubleshooting various indexing issues by analyzing Splunk logs such as splunkd.log, metrics.log ingested as internal index.  • Support and execute arrangements considering a full information lifecycle (Search & Investigate, Add Knowledge, Monitor & Alert, Report & Analyze). Followed agile and scrum process for the whole implementation process.  Environment: Splunk 6.4.1, Splunk7.1, AWS, AppDynamics,PACMAN,Jenkins,Bit-Bucket,REST API's,CCP,PCF,  Marathon, Python,Rally Splunk Admin & Developer Price Water Cupper-PWC - Jacksonville, FL May 2016 to March 2018 Responsibilities:  • Daily Splunk administration maintenance.  • Established On-boarding of Web and database server logs into Splunk by DB Connect Application.  • Achieved hands-on experience in clustering, deploying apps through Splunk deployment server, Splunk version upgradation, creating roles and authentication.  • Utilized the Splunk Machine Learning concepts, algorithms to write complex queries using SPL and visualize data into dashboards and reports.  • Hands-On experience on multiple configuration file (.conf) settings.  • Configured the heavy forwarder to send the logs from QRadar server to Splunk indexers and customized the reports and dashboards.  • Involved in ingesting the data from multiple appliances into the cluster and analyze data with SPL queries.  • Splunk Administration and analytics development on Information Security, Infrastructure, and Network, data security, Splunk Enterprise Security app, Triage events, Incident Analysis.  • Developed specific content necessary to implement Security Use Cases and transform into correlation queries, templates, reports, rules, alerts, dashboards, and workflow  • Deployed Splunk enterprise package and forwarder package in multiple instances.  • Involved in standardizing Splunk forwarder deployment, configuration, and maintenance on all Windows and Linux platforms.  • Real-time monitoring of enterprise endpoints for signs of malicious activity by Carbon Black (CB).  • Analyzed threat patterns by Carbon Black (CB) and investigate SIEM alerts with endpoint context and take actions if necessary.  • Participated in client requirements meetings and presented the visual presentations of possible outcomes.  • Developed the use cases for different business requirements.  • Executed daily vulnerability assessments, threat assessment, and mitigation and reporting activities in order to safeguard information assets and ensure protection has been put in place on the systems.  • Designed the Correlation searches for multiple end client requirements.  • Extensive knowledge in creating accurate reports using XML, Dashboards, visualization, reports, alerts and pivot tables for the business users.  • Hands-on experience with Citrix NetScaler load balancer  • Hands-on experience with indexer clustering and search head clustering in both test and production environment  • Assisted the privileged user access management team to solve the daily encountered problems.  • Customization of Dashboards and reports and scheduled searches.  • Experience with working on Service now ticketing tool.  • Worked on User access roles and capabilities.  Environment: Splunk 6.5.3, Linux, Windows 2008,2012, IBM AIX, Oracle11g, MS SQL Server 2012, SQL, Symantec Endpoint (SEP), Tripwire IP-360, Service Now (ITAM), Carbon Black(CB) Security Analyst ,Splunk Health First - Birmingham, AL October 2014 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Experience in creating Splunk apps, searches, Data models, dashboards, and Reports using the Splunk query language.  • Splunk DB Connect 2.0 in search head cluster environments of Oracle, MySQL  • Setup and configuration of search head cluster with three search head nodes and managing the search head cluster with deployer.  • Performed data onboarding from API's, HTTP Event collectors, Heavy Forwarders, UniversalForwarders, TCP and UDP ports etc.  • Experienced with logging of security-related technologies including Active Directory, host-based firewalls, host-based intrusion detection systems, application white listing, server configuration controls, SIEM, monitoring tools, and antivirus systems  • Experience in using scripting languages  • Created Dashboards, report, scheduled searches and alerts.  • Collecting data on attacks to help SOC engineers create reports for auditing purposes.  • Building the use cases and perform the tuning of rules and build the logic to mitigate the risks.  • Analyzed security-based events, risks and reporting instances.  • Onboard new log sources with log analysis and parsing to enable SIEM correlation.  • Creating and managing app, create a user, role, permissions to knowledge objects.  • Creating Vulnerability Assessment dashboard and that aggregates data across multiple services to identify critical threats and proactively mitigate risks.  • Parsing, Indexing, searching concepts, Hot, Warm, Cold, Frozen bucketing and Splunk clustering.  • Worked on setting up Splunk to capture and analyze data from various layers Load Balancers, Web servers,and application servers.  • Scripted SQL Queries in accordance with the Splunk.  Created many of the proof-of-concept dashboards for IT operations, and service owners which are used to monitor application and server health.  Environment: Splunk, WebLogic server 8.x/9.x/10.x/11g, Tomcat 6.0, IBM HTTP Server, Microsoft IIS 7.0, Windows 2008, web services, LDAP, web services, JDK 1.7, HTML, XML IT Security Engineer,Splunk UCLA Health - Los Angeles, CA June 2012 to September 2014 Responsibilities:  • Requirement gathering and analysis. Interacted with team members and users during the design and development of the applications and Splunk Objects.  • Creating, maintain, support, repair, customizing System & Splunk applications, search queries and dashboards.  • Building Splunk queries by Splunk Search Processing Language (SPL) and Regular expressions.  • Data collection from various systems/servers, Forwarder Management, creating and managing Splunk apps.  • Good experience in working with SNMP traps and Syslog NG in onboarding the security devices on Splunk.  • Installed Splunk Common Information Model add-on is packaged with Splunk Enterprise Security, Splunk IT Service Intelligence, and the Splunk App for PCI Compliance.  • Install, configure, and troubleshoot Splunk. Experience with regular expressions and using regular expressions for data retrieval. Work with application owners to create or update monitoring for applications.  • Good experience in building Splunk Security Analytics. Lead logging enrollments from multi-tier applications into the enterprise logging platforms.  • Developed specific content necessary to implement Security Use Cases and transform into correlation queries, templates, reports, rules, alerts, dashboards, and workflow.  • Splunk Administration and analytics development on Information Security, Infrastructure and network, data security, Splunk Enterprise Security app, Triage events, Incident Analysis.  • Developed Splunk Objects and reports on Security baseline violations, Non-authenticated connections, Brute force attacks and many use cases.  • Receiving promptly, handling, gathering requirements through remedy tickets and resolving at on time.  • Experience creating and maintaining Splunk reports, dashboards, forms, visualizations, alerts.  • Splunk SPL (Search Processing Language) and Dashboarding/Visualization. Setup dashboards for network device logs.  • Configurations with deployment server, indexers, search heads, serverclass.conf, server.conf, apps.conf, props.conf, transform.conf, forwarder management configurations.  • Good experience in clustering, deploying apps through Splunk deployment server, deployer, Splunk version upgradation, creating roles and authentication.  • Created Summary searches and reports; In depth knowledge of Splunk license usage abd safeguarding from violation.  Environment: Splunk, Deployment server, Integration, Splunk 6.x Dashboard Examples, Server  management, Dashboards, Search processing language (SPL), Field extraction, Regex, Rex, LINIX,  XML. IT Security Engineer,Splunk KaufmanIT - Irvine, CA May 2010 to June 2012 Responsibilities:  • Evaluating information to determine compliance with standards.  • Develop computer or information security operational policies or procedures.  • Implement and monitor security measures for computer or information systems, and digital information.  • Test computer system operations to ensure proper functioning.  • Troubleshoot issues with computer applications or systems.  • Knowledge of Remedy in support of ITSM database requests.  • Encrypt data transmissions and erect firewalls to conceal confidential information as it is being transmitted and to keep out tainted digital transfers.  • Develop plans to safeguard computer files against accidental or unauthorized modification, destruction, or disclosure and to meet emergency data processing needs.  • Review violations of computer security procedures and discuss procedures with violators to ensure violations are not repeated.  • Monitor use of data files and regulate access to safeguard information in computer files.  • Monitor current reports of computer viruses to determine when to update virus protection systems.  • Modify computer security files to incorporate new software, correct errors, or change individual access status.  • Perform risk assessments and execute tests of data processing system to ensure functioning of data processing activities and security measures.  • Confer with users to discuss issues such as computer data access needs, security violations, and programming changes.  • Train users and promote security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency.  • Coordinate implementation of computer system plan with establishment personnel and outside vendors.  • Document computer security and emergency measures policies, procedures, and tests.  • Maintain permanent fleet cryptologic and carry-on direct support systems required in special land, sea surface and subsurface operations.  • Analyze, define, design, develop, engineer and implement security requirements and solutions for Multilevel Security (MLS) issues.  • Gather and organize technical information about an organization's mission goals and needs, existing security products, and ongoing programs in the MLS arena.  • Perform risk analyses which also includes risk assessment. IT Security Engineer,Splunk Verizon - New York, NY July 2008 to April 2010 Responsibilities:  • As an IT Systems Engineer, you will support Telco, Tax and Finance related applications and infrastructure.  • Responsibilities will include application development work and production support.  • You will also assist in AWS build outs and security related upgrades on assigned applications.  • Tasks will span the entire development life cycle to include planning, requirement collection, design, coding, testing, implementation and production support.  • General business knowledge and understanding of Telco, Tax, and Finance fundamentals is preferred. Work will be performed with technical guidance from Manager.  • You will collaborate with business analysts, project managers, other developers, DBAs, and QA personnel to define, design, and implement solutions to move Verizon forward.  • To include customer support, issue analysis, problem resolution and testing and general application maintenance to ensure 99.9% application up time. Education Bachelor's Skills Linux (3 years), Machine Learning (1 year), Splunk (10+ years), SQL (3 years), XML (5 years)