CyberSecurity Engineer II - Enterprise Information Security CyberSecurity Engineer II - Enterprise Information <span class="hl">Security</span> CyberSecurity Engineer II - Enterprise Information Security - Bank of The West Omaha, NE Work Experience CyberSecurity Engineer II - Enterprise Information Security Bank of The West - Omaha, NE July 2017 to Present Technical Scope: Vectra Network anomaly detection, Symantec Data Loss Prevention  Deploy security tools to ensure business operation processes perform without significant interruption. Provide technical and engineering support to business partners and clients to ensure programs work efficiently.  Key Achievements:  * Implement Vectra Network anomaly appliances.  * Establish and maintain integrity by giving responsive support to clients through diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving infrastructure problems. IT Infrastructure Engineer II - Network Engineering and Operations Department Bank of The West - Omaha, NE November 2015 to July 2017 Technical Scope: Checkpoint Firewall, Microsoft Office  Deploy security infrastructure processes to ensure business operation processes perform without significant interruption. Provide technical and engineering support to business partners and clients to ensure programs work efficiently.  Key Achievements:  * Implement and configure Checkpoint firewalls.  * Establish and maintain integrity by giving responsive support to clients through diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving infrastructure problems. Cyber Security Analyst Cyber Security Information Protection Department - Omaha, NE November 2009 to November 2015 Technical Scope: Windows, Microsoft Office, Critical Digital Assets  Provided security architecture design and network administration to evaluate security and protection. Evaluated critical digital assets (CDA) utilizing NEI08-09 criteria including researching manuals, schematics, operation procedures, and walk downs.  Key Achievements:  * Investigated security risk associated with changes in the computing infrastructure to provide safeguards to achieve acceptable risk levels including certified review of confidential nuclear security information.  * Initiated data security protocols to facilitate the protection against intentional or accidental loss, alteration, or dissemination of company information and data resources. Data Security and Systems Analyst - IS Audit Union Pacific Corporation - Omaha, NE August 2008 to July 2009 Finance Department)  Technical Scope: Windows, Lotus Notes  Verified security controls were in place to ensure confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and applications. Conducted technical reviews of various technology including, network and operating systems, telecommunication infrastructure, web technologies, and databases to maintain security of company data.  Key Achievements:  * Performed audits of Windows security system, and conducted testing to identify vulnerabilities to operating system.  * Executed Cisco router and switch audits to accurately identify, assess, and maintain system security.  * Researched new vulnerabilities as assigned to understand and manage risk. Information Security Specialist Omaha World Herald Company - Omaha, NE May 2007 to August 2008 Information Security Department)  Technical Scope: WebInspect, Windows, Microsoft Office  Implemented security improvements and prevented data loss by evaluating and analyzing results of web application security scans. Worked closely with outside consultants to identify, develop, and test corporate information systems security management.  Key Achievements:  * Conducted web application security scans using WebInspect scanner to identify, evaluate security issues.  * Evaluated new vulnerabilities and resolved any system violations associated with the risk.  * Inspected configurations and user access levels on network devices, including firewalls and routers, to confirm accuracy of network security protocols and minimize security risks. Information Security Architect Omaha World Herald Company - Omaha, NE July 1992 to November 2006 Information Security Department)  Technical Scope: Checkpoint Firewall, Sidewinder Firewall, Virtual Private Network (VPN)  Monitored and enforced compliance processes and protocols established to maintain security standards and guidelines. Interacted with change management control board team members to effectively communicate change needs and assist in the dissemination of those changes.  Key Achievements:  * Served as the system matter expert on third party Virtual Private Networks (VPNs)  * Provided the administration of security applications, including 30 sidewinder and 10 checkpoint firewalls to confirm correct instillation and performance.  * Provided feedback to the network architecture information security and information security corporate compliance team in order to maintain common understanding across disciplines.  Lead Network Services Engineer (Network Services Department)  Technical Scope: 3Com Router, Network General Sniffer, DNS  Directed all aspects of registering domains used by main and associated banks to certify completion. Utilized Network General Sniffer protocol analyzer to identify, and diagnose network problems. Provided support for network services, such as 3Com routers, and new branch installations including adding, moving, and changing users.  Key Achievements:  * Assured efficient, error-free completion of all domain name system (DNS) and send mail configurations.  * Installed and configured 30 Sidewinder and 10 Checkpoint firewalls to ensure proper use for clients and end users.    Desktop Engineer - (Data Automation Department)  Technical Scope: Local Area Network (LAN), Microsoft, Help Desk System. Scripting Application, VMWare  Spearheaded all hardware and software installations associated with personal computer use to maintain system security. Supported enterprise-level environments by installing, diagnosing, repairing, and maintain network components and configurations to departments and clients.  Key Achievements:  * Conducted maintenance on a daily basis, including troubleshooting and custom server design issues to identify and resolve issues for the Data Automation, FIS, Quality Assurance, Human Resources, and Comptroller Local Area Networks (LANS).  * Developed and programmed desktop applications by evaluating client needs and conducting tests to modify operations.  * Resolved technical and network issues by working with Help Desk staff to collect data from clients and following through to ensure customer satisfaction. Education Bachelor of Science in Electronics in Electronics University of Nebraska at Omaha - Omaha, NE Associates of Science in Electronics Technology in Technology Metropolitan Community College - Omaha, NE Skills Dlp, Juniper, Wireshark, Firewalls, Symantec, Sidewinder, Checkpoint, Lan, Microsoft office Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jsadof Additional Information Technical Proficiencies  Platforms: Windows  Tools: Microsoft Office, Wireshark, (WebInspect)  Hardware: (Vectra Cognito, Symantec DLP, Checkpoint, Sidewinder, Juniper) Firewalls, Local Area Network (LAN)