Operations Specialist Operations Specialist Saint Matthews, SC Obtain a career with an organization that will allow the use of my analytical and technical skills to the benefit of the organization's continued success. Work Experience Operations Specialist Staffmark, Orangeburg, Sc - Orangeburg, SC July 2018 to Present • Receives calls/walk-ins from prospective temporary employees. Directs applicants to electronic on-line application and on-boarding process. Schedules orientation appointments.  • Facilitate new employee orientation for the client company of Staffmark by giving the employee a brief introduction to the company including overview of policies and procedures.  • Perform administrative tasks such as background checks, drug screen testing, filing and scanning paperwork for the temp employees.  • Recruit applicants and run reports when requested. Researches candidate pool to locate possible candidates for job orders.    • Ensures that application information is correct and complete for job applicants. Reviews test scores, employment history, runs and monitors all client specific pre-employment screening and verifying results meet client criteria, and selects potential candidates. Answers general questions from applicants.  • Maintains paperwork and documentation. Verifies all applicant and employee processed are completed and documented in the appropriate system.  • Interacts with temporary employees via phone, email or in person.  • Performs general administrative and miscellaneous duties as assigned.  • Provide human resources services for Staffmark's customer, including but not limited to, making decisions relating to the hiring, placement, discipline and termination or temporary employees placed with Staffmark customers.  • Evaluates, assesses, selects, orients and educates job candidates for Staffmark's customers in order to ensure the best placement of an employee for Staffmark's customers as well as for the best placement for the employee. IT Operations Supervisor/Financial Analyst Meditech B/AR - Columbia, SC August 2014 to September 2017 • Lead and mentor staff of the Information Systems Operations. Provide direction through development plans and performance evaluations, monitors daily workload and responsibilities in support of the vision, goals and standards of the hospital. Work closely with Information System Manager to ensure that Computer Operators are trained and equipped to monitor, alert and support the business, clinical and information technology processes of the organization. Coordinate to meet the organization needs for support through phone support, change requests and support tickets related to technical systems and data center operations as well as special projects. Draw up specific schedules for help desk operations coverage. Primary contact person for issues regarding system support, security issues and resolving user issues and routing the calls to the appropriate Information Systems staff member for support.  • Primary person for maintaining accurate computer documentation which reflect user information, current user privileges, and management authorization for these same user privileges; for adjusting user privileges when users change jobs or responsibilities; for terminating user privileges when users leave the hospital. Assign passwords, distribute security login/password credential letters and maintain appropriate records for all employees, students, physicians, physician office staff, agency, volunteers and vendors. Coordinate and prioritize issues regarding security requests from other departments. Perform security code maintenance for Local Area Network and corporate E-mail.  • Assist Information Systems Manager with security code audits and security awareness program. IT Security Supervisor Sister of Charity Providence Hospitals - Columbia, SC November 2003 to August 2014 • Maintain assigned security codes and policy standards to ensure integrity and confidentiality for users in the hospital. Coordinate and prioritize issues regarding security requests and data processing requests from other departments. Perform security functions for granting and revoking system access. Performs security code maintenance for LAN and corporate E-mail.  • Coordinate help desk support for incoming calls from hospital staff to resolve problems. Assist users in resolving system problems. Route tasks to the Information Systems staff. Find resolutions to users problems. Completes documentation for problem resolution. Installs and troubleshoot hardware and software. Maintain database of departmental help desk support calls. Interact with users, system support personnel and customer engineers to ensure service delivery. Works with other departments and external contacts to support system operations. Contact appropriate vendors for assistance in solving problems.  • Perform troubleshooting and system failure diagnosis on computer and peripherals.  • Assist Security Manager with security audits and security awareness program.  • Perform daily operations routines as needed. Complete tasks such as report distribution, tape rotation and system monitoring.  • Serve as lead to help desk and operations staff. Assign tasks and establish priorities and train in methods and procedures. IS Security Coordinator Sister of Charity Providence Hospitals - Downtown - Columbia, SC October 2000 to November 2003 • Primary contact person for issues regarding system support and application security issues.  • Responsible for resolving user issues or routing the calls to the appropriate Information System staff member for support.  • Serve as the primary contact for security, including assigning of passwords, distribution of security login/password credential letters and maintain appropriate records.  • Responsible for the daily distribution of hospital-wide reports. Computer Operator - HelpDesk Sister of Charity Providence Hospitals - Downtown - Columbia, SC July 1992 to October 2000 • Monitor daily production schedule and maintains work flow for the Meditech operations, LAN file servers and other specialized systems. Ensure that daily processing is completed. Isolates and identifies errors in processing and applies appropriate procedures to resolve problems  • Prepares equipment for daily operations. Load tapes in systems, monitors and documents daily backups, prepares tapes for rotation to offsite storage, requests backup tapes for restorations. Load forms in printers, maintains and adjusts printers.  • Maintains daily logs for system operations. Assist with maintaining inventory of Meditech and network hardware. Prepare requisitions and order supplies.  • Assist with help desk functions. Preforms troubleshooting and system failure diagnosis on computers and peripherals. Document problems and resolutions appropriately. Works with other departments and external contacts to support system operations. Computer Operator 3rd Shift - Columbia, SC July 1990 to July 1992 • Monitor terminals and telecommunications  • Operated 2200/422 computer systems, CRT terminal statewide and NLETS communications system  • Perform computer operations duties Console Operator 3rd Shift - Fairfax, VA August 1989 to May 1990 • Monitor consoles  • Operated RJE peripherals and IPL systems  • Interfaced with end-users  • Responsible for efficient operations of the MVS consoles under general supervision of senior operator  • Operate peripherals in the data center, including the IBM 3800 Laser printer, IBM 3420 Magnetic Tape Unit, IBM 3480 Magnetic Tape Subsystem, IBM 3211 High Speed printer  • Capable of IPLing the system under supervision  Maintain logs/reports for assigned station  • Perform required printer set-up and take down functions expeditiously and efficiently    • Knowledge of running operations backups  • Familiar with the following software packages in MVS/XA environment: JES2, CICS, ROSCOE, TSO and JES3. Computer Operator Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) - Washington, DC August 1988 to August 1989 • Monitored MVS environment  • Operated peripheral equipment  • Monitored output of jobs submitted by programmers  • Operated and scan jobs on the Sentry 7018 Optical Scanner  • Read punch cards in the IBM 2540 Card Reader Punch  • Operate, monitor fiche under the viewer and log in output for production jobs executed on the Datamaster Microfiche  • Operate and produce plotters on the Zeta 3600 SX Plotter  • Operate and log in the output for the test and production jobs executed on the Xerox 9700 Laser printer  • Have working knowledge of the IBM 3420 Magnetic Tape Unit and STC 2500, 5000 high speed printers  • Issue JES2, JES3, MVS/XA commands on the ITT9000 series, Amdahl 580, IBM XT personal computer CPU's Education Master of Science in Management in Management Southern Wesleyan University - Columbia, SC December 2003 Bachelors of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics in Computer Science and Mathematics Claflin College - Orangeburg, SC May 1986 Skills Operation, Customer Service, Excel, Data Entry, Micr