IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Unionville, CT ? Highly organized professional with exceptional prioritization and planning skills.  ? Hardworking and energetic; flexible; adapt easily to change of environment and work schedule.  ? Creative problem solver with the ability to develop and implement effective action plans.  ? Known for solid time management and ability to work calmly and accurately under pressure.  ? Proven ability to diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve technical problems.  ? Quick learner with strong working knowledge of software, hardware, networking, operating systems, and security applications.  ? Multilingual with fluency in English and knowledge of Greek language.  ? Broad working knowledge of office computer software including Microsoft Office.  ? Exceptional Knowledge of Macintosh OS X operating system. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Kelly Services - Farmington, CT February 2017 to December 2018 Efficiently monitor company ticketing system to identify and notify incoming stolen laptop notifications to prevent data loss via utilizing the Computrace application.  ? Minimize risk isolating and responding to proxy block requests plus company brand monitoring spoofing threats.  ? Efficiently respond to and minimize malware, phishing, and spear phishing attacks via utilization of Symantec Endpoint Protection malware analysis software.  ? Promote information transparency conducting daily metrics, disseminating reports to Director of IT Security.  ? Critical client interface responding to telephone/email inquiries inclusive of ticket status, nature of offense, and resolution requirements as well as cybersecurity offenses/breaches against company-issued devices.  ? Ensure standard cybersecurity procedure adherence revising and editing company process documentation as well as updating company threat notification templates.  ? Led mentoring, training, and onboarding of IT security analysts. Claims Benefit Specialist Aetna - Hartford, CT April 2008 to June 2016 Helmed validating claims accuracy and completeness, utilizing designated claim tools to analyze and ensure validity.  ? Assimilated and fostered insurance policies knowledge and industry trends.  ? Championed beta-testing updated claim tools prior to official rollout to ensure all bugs captured and reported.  ? Resolved customer email claim inquiries in expedited timeframe.  ? Advanced competitive edge conducting price testing on new company healthcare plans. Pharmacy Technician Stop & Shop Pharmacy - Newington, CT June 2002 to July 2009 Key role distributing medications, adhering to corporate and regulatory guidelines, acting in capacity of client interface, providing prompt service, promoting retention and client satisfaction.  ? Effectively performed data entry inclusive of prescription information, patient and prescriber searches, drug selection, prescription entry, and insurance billing.  ? Achieved timely prescription fulfillment garnering customer information, including refill authorization from physicians, processing new and refill prescriptions.  ? Adeptly fulfilled prescriptions retrieving medication from inventory, reconstituting oral liquids, placing into containers, and creating labels.    Early Career Positions: Customer Service Representative, Sovereign Bank Education Bachelors in Web Development University of Phoenix 2012 Associates in Information Technology University of Phoenix 2008 Diploma in Computer Systems Business Applications Fox Institute of Business 2001 Skills HTML, PHP, MICROSOFT ACCESS, MICROSOFT OFFICE, Security Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2019 to July 2022 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    ? Microsoft Office Suite - Office 365 (Proficient: Intermediate)  ? Microsoft Access (Proficient: Intermediate)  ? IBM QRadar (Proficient: Intermediate)  ? Fidelis XPS (Proficient: Intermediate)  ? PHP (Fundamental)  ? HTML/XHTML (Fundamental)