Project Manager I Project Manager I IT Project Manager Deerfield Beach, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager I Staples - Deerfield Beach, FL February 2018 to June 2019 • Maintained a professional and consultative relationship with the client by developing a core understanding of their business needs while providing an exceptional customer experience.     • Facilitated internal and external conference calls, onboarding process, track project progress, identify and capture open items, identify next steps and task owners, work cross functionally with internal teams, coordination of activities between customers, Staples® and authorized 3rd party subcontractors to meet project milestones.  • Leadership and initiative to successfully complete project milestones within stated timelines, exercises independent judgment, creative problem solving, ability to clearly articulate project progress to management and the ability to work independently or collaboratively.  • Actively managed multiple projects simultaneously with moderate to complex project scope utilizing standard project management and quality improvement methodologies and ensured project documents and quality assurance procedures are properly maintained.  • Actively manage the vendor relationship by scheduling recurring meetings to discuss project issues and resolutions, finding ways to reduce redundancy and improve quality deliverables, establish key performance indicator ‘KPI’ to assess vendors success, control change management to mitigate project scope creep.  • Worked with internal teams to analyze and streamline process workflows that are in alignment with the organizational strategy.  • Create and established a Knowledge base for the Project Managers using One Notes.   • Advanced Excel using Index Match, Vlookup, Pivot Tables  • Coordinated installation and setup of device management tools including device orders, delivery, installation/ removals  • Managed onsite teams members during onsite device discovery and device installation IT Project Analyst (Contractor) Harris Corporation - Palm Bay, FL October 2016 to August 2017 • Managed and Creation of 4000+ task schedule for projects up to $50M. From initiative, blueprinting to close of project. PeopleSoft Upgrade to 9.2 (Enterprise one).  • Work closely with VPL, task owners and other PMs to develop and maintain detailed resource loaded schedules of projects using MS Project 2013  • Develop and maintain summary level schedule reports Gantt, PERT, milestone charts, and other program management tools used to support critical path analysis, near-term tasks work authorizations, priority based resource allocations, performance variances, and to support cost/schedule integration  • Supports the portfolio management team in the planning, tracking, analysis, and reporting of projects/programs, including dashboard maintenance  • Develop schedule version control processes, policies, and procedures and ensures that they are followed on product development schedules  • Work in collaboration with Project/Program Management team to drive consistency of the project scheduling approach to facilitate accuracy in project execution and reporting  • Schedule estimating through elicitation of stakeholders to capture estimations of new work, updated actuals and remaining work  • Identify key milestones, decision points, project life-cycle and other project events with the creation of all weekly reports  • Troubleshoot and monitor potential scheduling problems  • Assist in defining and implementing schedule software (MS Project, JIRA, or specific program mandated software, etc.) management processes and procedures regarding scheduling conflicts/changes IT Project Manager Consultant All-Tek Networking Solutions, LLC - Deerfield Beach, FL January 2012 to July 2016 • Clients: OLE Communications, Vivid Productions, Banesco USA, The M Media Group, and Faria Telephone.  • Determine and adapt business requirements to IT solutions that support the business needs of 3,500 to 55,000 users in various fortune 500 companies in the IT infrastructure, supporting users to increase efficiency of business operations. Maintain strong vendor relationships, develop statement of work and implement strategic negotiations for improved services.  • Managed global teams including up to 10 direct and indirect reports; developed staffing plans, managed workloads, defined deliverables, hired resources, conducted performance reviews, and ensured compliance with established company policies.  • Captured 60% in cost savings through a virtualization project that substantially reduced the carbon footprint from over 15 servers to less than 5 servers supporting the entire Asia Pacific region.  • Spearheaded the One Notes Server consolidation and migration project - reduced server usage from 9 One Notes servers to only 1 server; improved performance and reduced maintenance efforts of engineering staff.  • IT Project management using the PMO (pmbok) /Agile /Waterfall methodology from initiation to closing process.  • Responsible for ensuring the safe delivery of all projects and in accordance the company policy & procedures adhering to all statutory and regulatory legislation.  • Created testing plans and gathered data requirements for JDEdwards testing. Define testing scripts, acceptance criteria and execute testing plans. Identify data requirements, data conversion, test data, interfaces required for proposed solution.  • Prepares and keeps current project plans as well as sub project plans for monitoring and tracking the requirements, and stays abreast of changes to the requirements.  • Identifies and records the impact of work performed and not performed as scheduled.  • Interfaces with Operations, Owners, and Subcontractors to discuss impact of work and resolution of problems.  • Prepares and issues proposal and preliminary schedule. Establishing the overall success criteria for a project, including; time, cost, technical and performance parameters.  • Create and manage project schedules (Gantt - created with MS Project) and weekly progress reports.  • Expertise implementation of Federal regulations in the banking industry. (ie. FATCA, FDIC, SOX compliance)  • Training for users and other consultants as needed.  • Expertise in LAN/WAN/DESKTOP upgrades/deployments (hardware & software) in a corporate environment. Engineer, BFC FINANCIAL IT Project - Fort Lauderdale, FL August 2010 to December 2011 • Provide all levels of enterprise support for the senior management, executives and staff at BFC Financial.  • Responsible for the project planning of re-design of BFC's network infrastructure, creating one unified domain from two independent domains managed with MS Windows 2008, MS Exchange 2007, Citrix XenServer 5.5, and JDE EnterpriseOne.  • Upgrade & New Hardware/Software Implementation of JD Edwards 8.1 to Enterprise One.  • Manage the administration including purchasing hardware/software for the LAN/WAN Infrastructure for BFC Shared Services and BFC Financial including and not limited to VPN Security, and TCP/IP configuration.  • Collaborates with the President to ensure the data infrastructure is in alignment with the goals, objectives, and work plans for the delivery of timely and quality information technology services.  • Managed and maintaining project schedule (Gantt) for entire project over 2500 line items for restructure of company domain, new hardware installation, software implementations and migration of all existing data.  • Evaluates all vendors, making sure they fulfill the business side requirements on time and within budget.  • Maintains 24/7 on-call status for critical core systems.  • Develop / Maintain documentation regarding network configurations, operating procedures, and service records relating to network hardware and software.  • Manage and oversee all SOX compliances requirements to meet the financial, regulatory and operational controls.  • Produce qualitative and quantitative compliance/operational risk assessments on an annual or as needed basis including fraud risk assessments.  • Ability to design policies and procedures in response to regulatory requirements and organizational needs across all organizational business lines as required. Senior Enterprise Engineer (Contractor) OFFICE DEPOT Global Headquarters - Boca Raton, FL January 2010 to August 2010 • Provide 2nd/3rd Level enterprise support for Exchange 2007 server for 25000+ users.  • Part of the project team to ensure proper execution of Autonomy Capax software solutions.  • Analyze and configure detailed procedures to archive company-wide email accounts, PST files, all departmental files and SharePoint sites.  • Determined testing requirements developed and reviewed scripts for positive and negative test scenarios, conducted baseline testing, and generated reports.  • Analyzed application, system, and security errors. Escalated issues to developers and verified fixes.  • Designed test plans and defined cases for functional, integration system, and user acceptance testing.  • Attended weekly defect report meetings and presented progress updates.  • PM- project planning for migration of 45,000 email accounts, 25,000 user data  • Execute archiving verification procedures to assure that no user data has been lost or corrupted.  • Produce daily progress reports listing archiving tasks completed and any issues encountered.  • Review procedures and offer suggestions for improvements.  • Create/maintain documentation for entire archiving project. IT Project Manager MWI CORPORATION - Deerfield Beach, FL May 2005 to December 2009 Tackled monumental challenges with near-impossible deadlines and turned around previously unsuccessful projects.  • Senior management for the Information Technology infrastructure and telecommunications operations for the corporation's 9 locations in Florida.  • Oversee all IT functions including operational and strategic planning, project planning, vendor relationships, technical support, application development, financial monitoring and disaster recovery planning.  • Redesigned, and configured the entire companies' network/telecommunications infrastructure including the consolidated and stabilized servers improving hardware uptime from 70% to 99%.  • Design, implementation, and administration of a Windows 2003 Active Directory domain infrastructure including TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, and WINS servers in support of Windows Vista/XP workstations.  • Created, managed and maintained project schedule (Gantt) for all projects from 2000-6000 line items  • Administration of Watchguard Firewall: monitoring, upgrades, setup client and site-to-site VPN configurations.  • Installation, design and administration of Microsoft SQL server applications running manufacturing software.  • Planning/implementation of multiple projects to facilitate the definition of project scope, goals and deliverables.  • PM from initiative to Planning/Design of a new telephony VOIP system (Shoretel) companywide.  • Extensive billing review and analysis on all telecommunication/network expenses.  • Develop and implement all IT policies and procedures, including those for architecture, security, disaster recovery, standards, purchasing, and service provision.  • Negotiate and administer vendor, outsourcer, and consultant contracts and service agreements.  • Supervised IT staffing, including recruitment, scheduling, development, evaluation, and disciplinary actions. IT Manager/ Security Officer POINTE BANK - Boca Raton, FL February 2001 to May 2005 • Develop, implement, maintain, and oversee enforcement of policies, procedures, and associated plans for system security administration and user system access based on industry-standard best practices.  • PM for the opening of 8 new banking locations plus migration of 3 other branches.  • Administration of multi-platform Network/Telecommunications infrastructure for the bank.  • Manage all data frame relay circuits, point-to-points and T1 internet connections, PRIs as well as configured and maintain the entire in-house voice, data, and video equipment and its associated network connections.  • PM for the Implementation and configured new telephony IP-enabled system (Inter-tel) for entire bank infrastructure.  • Administers call accounting systems by maintaining data bases, producing reports of calls, invoicing users, tracking calls as requested and resolving problems; billing analysis; analyzes system for cost effectiveness and recommends ways to cut maintenance costs and use revenue to enhance system performance. Education Bachelor of Science in Technical Management DeVry University - Miramar, FL 2007 MBA in Project Mgmt Keller Graduate School - Miramar, FL Skills Active Directory, access, Security, testing, budget, Estimating, Outlook, Scheduling, Maintenance, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service