Infrastructure Security Analyst, Assoc. Infrastructure <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, Assoc. Tarpon Springs, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Infrastructure Security Analyst, Assoc. WellCare Health Plans, Inc - Tampa, FL April 2016 to Present • Register and manage user accounts for our encryption storage drives for end users handling PHI and PII.  • Coordinate with additional infrastructure teams to accomplish department goals.  • Utilize department tools to analyze alerts and mitigate risks to the infrastructure of the company.  • Maintains a high level of documentation. IT Operations Production Control Specialist WellCare Health Plans, Inc - Tampa, FL November 2013 to April 2016 • Create, update and maintain documentation on Production Control processes  • Manages the scheduling, input/output controls, job setup, job execution, system monitoring, and problem resolution of production jobs.  • Resolve or coordinate resolution of all errors prior to changes being made to the production environments.  • Ensures continuity of production processes to minimize significant impact against production systems while meeting compliance requirements and service level agreements  • Generate reports to supply information from vendor and internal business requests Education Associate in Science in Network Administrator/Cisco and Telecommunications Hillsborough Community College - Tampa, FL May 2014 Skills application software (3 years), customer service. (10+ years), Excel (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), ? Google business Apps (1 year), MoveIT Central Admin (3 years), Service Management Software/Systems (10+ years) Additional Information • Experience in Microsoft Office, with a focus on Excel, Word, Outlook  • Utilize application software to solve business problems.  • High level of customer service.  • Demonstrates ability to explain complex information in understandable language to clarify customers' understanding.