Application Engineer - Security Application Engineer - <span class="hl">Security</span> CISSP, Security+, Master of Science in Information Security from SANS Waxhaw, NC Experienced cybersecurity professional (CISSP) with a Master of Science in Information Security from SANS Institute seeking new challenges. Currently employed but looking for a position that does not require as much travel away from family. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Application Engineer - Security Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories - Charlotte, NC 2018 to 2019 Industrial Control Systems, network security, and NERC CIP compliance.  Ethernet security gateway and IPSEC VPN configuration.  SCADA communications data security.  X509 key generation and implementation.  LDAP installation and management services. Information Security Architect LPL Financial - Charlotte, NC 2016 to 2017 Implemented complete set of Information Security Policies and Standards based on NIST.  Implemented Cybersecurity Risk Management Framework for handling security and compliance issues.  Led the SDLC Application Security Integration effort to architect security patterns and build security into projects.  Worked with IT teams to triage security and compliance issues and complete Management Action Plans.  Conducted security and compliance assessments. Information Security Analyst Belk - Charlotte, NC 2014 to 2016 Instituted the PCI Program and worked with departments to achieve Belk PCI-compliance.  Consulted with each IT area to properly segment the cardholder data environment.  Implemented information security improvements in policy writing, file integrity monitoring and SIEM. IT Infrastructure & Security Manager University Federal Credit Union - Austin, TX 2010 to 2014 Led the team responsible for IT infrastructure including Information Security, Network Engineering, Systems Engineering, and the Service Desk in support of all UFCU systems including Symitar and www.ufcu.org.  Responsible for developing personnel, setting goals, managing metrics and leading operations reviews.  Responsible for maintaining compliance with PCI, GLBA, FFIEC and NCUA regulations, and privacy laws.  Responsible for the management, access control and operational security of all information systems and infrastructure including audit and remediation.  Responsible for the management, implementation and monitoring of applications, databases, email, web, servers, storage, desktops, laptops, telecom, mobile, network and data center infrastructure.  Responsible for information security processes and tools including Backtrack, Kali, Samurai WTF, BurpSuite, DirBuster, JTR and Helix.  Managed the continuous process of assessing security posture, identifying opportunities to improve information security controls and developing or implementing solutions to close gaps and maintain compliance.  Responsible for the management, implementation and monitoring of applications, databases, servers, storage, network and security solutions including Splunk, Cisco IronPort, SolarWinds Firewall Security Manager, RSA Archer GRC, RSA SecurID, Saint, Nessus, Rapid7 Nexpose, Metasploit, Symantec Endpoint Protection and Lumension. IT Manager, Ecommerce Infrastructure Costco Wholesale - Issaquah, WA 2008 to 2010 Led the IT infrastructure team responsible for the security and operations of ecommerce infrastructure for www.costco.com including Information Security and Network Engineers, Database Admins and Systems Engineers.  Responsible for developing personnel, setting goals, managing metrics and leading operations reviews.  Responsible for managing and auditing standards, policies, access control, operational security and compliance efforts including SOX, PCI, HIPAA and privacy laws.  Managed the continuous process of assessing security posture, identifying opportunities to improve information security controls and developing or implementing solutions to close gaps and maintain compliance.  Responsible for the management, implementation and monitoring of applications, databases, servers, storage, network using security solutions such as ArcSight, Tripwire, Cisco IronPort and SolarWinds. IT Manager, Application Infrastructure Management Services Dell Inc - Austin, TX 2000 to 2008 Led global application and infrastructure management teams across multiple regions in the United States, Shanghai, Singapore and Taiwan.  Responsible for developing personnel, setting goals, managing metrics and leading operations reviews.  Responsible for SOX and PCI compliance of all applications and services.   Responsible for the availability, access control and operational security of all supported applications and services.  Managed vendors and conducted quarterly business reviews.  Managed the 24x7 IT Service Desk, incident and problem management functions for Dell’s applications including www.dell.com, sales, marketing, services, financial, product design, procurement and manufacturing systems.  The teams developed several bug fixes and enhancements for the company’s key systems.  Implemented several infrastructure projects including Server Refresh, Server Patching, Disaster Recovery, Capacity Management, Backup/Restore, Comprehensive Service Monitoring, Server Performance Improvement.  Helped lead the initiative to onboard support teams in Malaysia and Brazil through careful screening and by delivering training programs and boot camps that enabled quick competency building. Education Master's in Information Security SANS Technology Institute - Bethesda, MD June 2017 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ August 2003 Skills Information Technology (10+ years), Information Security (10+ years), PCI Compliance (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years), Cyber Security, Splunk, Cissp, Network Security, Siem, Nessus, Active Directory, Security, Networking, Vmware, Windows 7, Technical Support, Windows Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/glenroberts/ Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 Nuke Machinist Mate November 1989 to November 1997 Nuclear Propulsion Plant Supervisor and Reactor Training Instructor Certifications/Licenses CISSP – Certified Information Systems Security Professional Present SANS GCIH – GIAC Certified Incident Handler Present SANS GWAPT – GIAC Web Application Pentester Present SANS GCPM – GIAC Certified Project Manager Present SANS GSNA – GIAC Systems and Network Auditor Present SANS GCCC – GIAC Critical Controls Certification Present SANS GSLC – GIAC Security Leadership Certification Present SANS GLEG – GIAC Legal Certification Present MCSE – Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer Present MCDBA – Microsoft Certified Database Administrator Present MCT – Microsoft Certified Trainer Present MCP – Microsoft Certified Professional Present CCSK – Certificate of Cloud Security Knowledge Present ITIL Foundation – Service Management Certified Present IBM Certified Solution Architect – Cloud Computing Present CloudU Certificate – Rackspace Hosting Present Apple Certified Associate – Mac Integration Basics 10.6 Present CompTIA Security+ Present