Information Systems Security Analyst Information Systems <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Systems Security Analyst - CVP Corp Alexandria, VA Detail-oriented Analyst with background in both Finance, and IT along with hands-on 4 years of experience in quantitative/statistical analysis. 2017 Master's graduate in Management of Secure Information Systems, with broad Cybersecurity focus on safeguarding systems, tightening controls, and increasing capacity to meet business needs. Work Experience Information Systems Security Analyst CVP Corp - Fairfax, VA January 2019 to Present • Conduct vulnerability scans using Nessus and IBM Appscan to ensure the National Heart Lung & Blood Institution (NHLBI) systems are devoid of critical vulnerabilities.  • Assist different teams within the IT department (Sysops, DevOps, Services desk, release team) to develop a Plan of Actions & Milestones (POA&M) in regards to remediating existing vulnerabilities within the system  • Work with the Federal ISSO to make sure any deviations from security policy have waivers in place (Risk Mitigation Waiver, Firewall Mitigation Waiver, End of Life Waiver, Encryption Waiver).  • Ensure that the NHBLI's IT Security training program (initial awareness, annual refresher, and specialized) is completed by required Gallery employees and contractors.  • Review user accounts routinely to ensure compliance with IT security requirements. Follows-up with users and Help Desk (TTS - User Services) as needed to keep accounts active.  • Supporting the IT security incident reporting process.  • Assist with the evaluation of new software or applications request from a cyber security perspective  • Ensure security tools (e.g. McAfee, FireEye) are deployed on all necessary/relevant components (servers, workstations).  • Assist the National Institute of Health (NIH) with the remediation of any incidents coming the Interactive Response Technology (IRT) Portal  • Conduct assessment of potential softwares from a security perspective by using different tools (VirusTotal, ESET online virus scanner, Website Malware and Security Scanner, Shouldiremoveit, etc.) IT Security Analyst Telesis Inc - McLean, VA April 2018 to January 2019 • Conduct vulnerability scans using Nessus to ensure Gallery IT systems are devoid of critical vulnerabilities.  • Conduct baseline scans for hardened systems (servers, workstations and databases), using Nessus to ensure Gallery IT systems are in compliance with their approved configuration.  • Work with the Gallery CISO to make sure any deviations from security policy have waivers in place.  • Ensure that the Gallery's IT Security training program (initial awareness, annual refresher, and specialized) is completed by required Gallery employees and contractors.  • Review user accounts routinely to ensure compliance with IT security requirements. Follows-up with users and Help Desk (TTS - User Services) as needed to keep accounts active.  • Supporting the IT security incident reporting process.  • Perform triage on reported emails. Classify as spam or phishing and execute steps as documented within the IT security incident handling procedures.  • Ensure security tools (e.g. McAfee, FireEye) are deployed on all necessary/relevant components (servers, workstations).  • Assist in pilot efforts and proof-of-concept implementations to determine feasibility and effectiveness of new security tools within the Gallery's environment. Help Desk Technician IntelliDyne LLC - Arlington, VA September 2017 to April 2018 • Provide technical support and troubleshoot to network, desktop, and systems hardware and software  • Screening and diagnosing internal inquiries and work requests as they relate to maintenance of personal computers and related systems  • Oversee the installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, security, and peripheral devices  • Conduct research on network products, services, protocols, and standards in support with of network procurement and development efforts  • Assist in the administration of e-mail systems  • Support all network hardware and equipment, including routers, switches, hubs, firewalls and IDS/IPS  • Ensure network connectivity of all workstations  • Maintain the Microsoft Active Directory, DNS, DHCP  • Administer and maintain end user accounts, permissions, and access rights Customer Service Representative General Dynamics - Alexandria, VA September 2016 to September 2017 • Maintain excellent and professional relationships with fellow employees while displaying friendliness and courtesy at all times  • Receive and accurately post participant account updates; inquires and other related CRM actions.  • Provide assist to other Customer Service Representative's in answering phones; opening mail.  • Demonstrate a strong proficiency to address and resolve participant's requests and complaints as needed  • Assist participant with account setups; lockouts; portal inquires; pension payment inquires by phone; correspondence and/or over the internet.  • Work with PBGC field representatives to maintain participant needs.  • Learn and understand the PBGC's CRM system  • Maintain a current understanding of the PBGC program processing procedures to respond to numerous PBGC inquiries  • Utilize databases and written materials to look up and provide information to PBGC inquiries  • Maintain appropriate documentation of PBGC inquiries  • Adhere to the Privacy Act as it relates to the confidentiality of information released  • Report Problems That occur and assist with resolution Financial Representative Fidelity Investments - McLean, VA October 2015 to September 2016 • Engage with customer by providing outstanding service via phone or in the investor center by answering questions related to client's brokerage account.  • Educate and empower clients through insightful conversations and leveraging online resources.  • Provide expertise on inquiries pertaining to new account applications; money movement such as wire transfers, EFTs, checks; account features such as beneficiary updates, check writing, trading authority, etc.  • In charge of logistics of marketing materials such as booklets, seminars, brochures, pamphlets. Cost Basis Specialist II February 2012 to October 2015 • Provided monthly financial reporting containing accruals, forecasts, and actuals to IT division.  • Used internal Tax Accounting System (TAS) to service inquiries related to tax questions.  • Utilized in-house resources to explain cost basis changes due to corporate actions.  • Actively assisted IT managers understand financial accounting and promptly answered any related queries.  • Acted as a liaison between business and IT partners to build strong relationships.  • Reviewed and updated cost basis lots by utilizing spreadsheets and manual calculations.  • Participated in the training of the overseas team via videoconference calls.  • Reviewed work quality processed by the overseas team.  • Audited all trades processed according to IRS regulations.  • Reported all security valuations for different requests such as Date of Death Valuations.  • Assisted clients in calculating Net Present Value of future payments received from bonds, and dividends. Vault Teller Branch Banking & Trust - Woodbridge, VA May 2011 to December 2011 • Accountable for cash and cash-less deposits, loan payments, direct deposit accounts.  • Assisted with clerical responsibilities: cash management, drawer balancing, petty cash, and cash inventory.  • Maintained proper cash limits, cashed checks, accepted deposits, issued cashier's checks, money orders, traveler's checks, and fund transfers.  • Initially hired as entry-level teller; promoted to Vault Teller due to accuracy, speed, and customer service. Office Operator Professional Advertising Inc - Arlington, VA October 2008 to May 2011 • Managed database system for updating and creating customer accounts.  • Executed tasks such as responding phone inquiries regarding new and current customer accounts, preparing and delivering customer orders.  • Lead Quality Control (QC) team over the production area of marketing resources  • Supervised the assembly line of production  • Prepared customer orders for delivery to sites across the DC Metro area Education Master of Science in Management of Secure Information Systems in Management of Secure Information Systems George Mason University August 2017 Skills Dns, Security, Ids, Ips, Nessus, Nist, Vpn, Wireshark, Encryption, Fisma, Incident response, Networking, Tcp/ip, Access control, Cyber security, Firewall, Identity management, Tcp, Linux, Unix Additional Information Core Competencies    • Knowledgeable on security authorization packages (System Security Plan, Risk Assessment Report, Security Assessment Plan, Contingency Plan, Incident Response Plan, and Configuration Plan)  • Ability to perform security control assessment using NIST 800-53A  • Knowledgeable on Risk Management Framework in accordance with CNSII1253  • Support Incident Response and Contingency activities  • Strong computing fundamentals including networking protocols (TCP/IP, TLS, HTTP, DNS, ICMP, IGMP)  • Knowledgeable on risk assessment tools (Nessus, AppDetective / DbProtective, McAfee Vulnerability Scanner, Wireshark).  • Access Control and Identity Management  • Knowledgeable on cyber security tools (Nessus, Bigfix, ForeScout, Appscan, Casper, etc.)    • Quality Assurance  • Maintained inventory of hardware and software for the information system  • Able to conduct independent scans of workstations and applications  • Forecast Tracking and Management Reporting  • Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile Methodology  • Familiar with encryption (symmetric and asymmetric)  • Familiar with VPN, firewall, and IDS/IPS  • Knowledgeable on OMB, FISMA and NIST800 requirements  • Good knowledge of Unix/Linux and Windows operating systems  • Access Control and Identity Management  • Fluent in English and Spanish  • User Training