Collections Agent/Customer Service Collections Agent/Customer Service Ashburn, VA Work Experience Collections Agent/Customer Service Division of Collections - Lima, PE January 2019 to May 2019 • Provided ongoing resolution of customer receivables and reconciliation of accounts.  • Negotiated customer accounts to resolve discrepancies and concerns  • Assisted with ongoing initiatives to develop and standardize procedures for outstanding receivables.  • Communicated with clients for verification of transactions and invoiced activity. IT Security Administrator PJM Interconnections - Audubon, PA February 2018 to August 2018 • Performed retirement of safes and applications within CyberArk and SailPoint ensuring access group were not associated with service accounts, as well as collecting proper evidence for future audits.  • Execute daily reconciliation reports to ensure cyber and physical access are approved or terminated and documented in SailPoint.    • Monitored and followed access revocation process for all personnel that was terminated and ensured all access revocation action was successful completed  • Assisted request to enable disable modify or terminate cyber account, physical access, service accounts, system accounts, privilege accounts within the appropriate timeframes.  • Follow security procedures to perform password changes to safe accounts, and service accounts.  • Process revocation of access for all personnel following organization guidelines. IT System Analyst and Business Coordinator Globus Medical - Audubon, PA April 2014 to January 2018 I interacted among multiple departments and systems, implementing system administration structure and new procedures improving work processes and reducing IT department expenses.    IT System Analyst / Business Coordinator  • Improved administration, security and management of deployments of internal applications for testing purposes and production to ensure optimal performance.  • Former Main Mobile Management Administrator MAAS360, provisioning users, managing application deployment and access rights to ensure safety and integrity of data, as well as administrating file sharing s tructure providing level of centralize control and visibility.  • Revise the system security policies, and procedures to improve and prevent safeguard against unauthorized access to internal resources  • Actively interact with Software Developers and Quality Assurance to plan and coordinate appropriate configuration for the operating environment based on system resources to support new application releases.  • Create and analyze Audit Log reports, monitoring file integrity and conducting log forensics analysis to assure compliance within security policies.  • Performed as File Sharing System Administrator (in Cloud) Egnyte, provisioning users and managing access rights to ensure security and integrity of data, as well administrating file sharing structure providing level of centralize control and Migrations.  • Improved policies and procedures for new hires and employee terminations among multiple departments  • Provide technical support and training to internal users. Performed SharePoint migrations when required. IT Support and Team Lead Vanguard Group - Valley Forge, PA November 2011 to August 2013 Valley Forge PA 11/2011 - 08/2013  Provided first level technical support for Global IT Infrastructure supporting internal users throughout the U.S.A and overseas. Troubleshot hardware, software, and connectivity issues for a mix of Windows NT, UNIX and Mainframe Environments. Challenged to provide timely resolution to critical issues.    IT Support and Team Lead  • Provided technical support to clients reporting one or multiple issues with windows base internal applications, troubleshooting and resolving connectivity issues for local LAN, WAN, and VPN connections.  • Managed and implemented Windows systems and services, including Active Directory group policies to address workstation access.  • Performed software installations and updates to operating systems and layered software packages. Schedules installations and upgrades in accordance with established IT policies and procedures.  • Reporting, documenting and addressing SLC impacting issues and contact availability managers and subject matter experts in order to address a service level impacted issues.  • Participated as a Subject Matter Point Person resolving problems specifically related to Citrix, internal applications, companies' software and hardware provisioning system, telephone and data networks, the department escalation group for escalation of issues not resolved at Help Desk level.  • Research, resolve and respond to end-user issues, technical problems, and question IT System Analyst II Bristol-Myers Squibb - Skillman, NJ December 2006 to November 2011 Skillman, NJ 12/2006 - 11/2011  Provided professional leadership and direction to a team twelve IT Specialists, Drafted documents outlining procedures Established security policies for systems, and designed and managed secure networks for clients. Provided leadership direction, instructions and guidance to a group of twelve IT Specialists.    IT System Analyst II - Provided leadership, motivation, direction, knowledge base documentation and communication of process and reengineered procedures, improving productivity and efficiency  • Troubleshooting network problems and conflicts. Suggest improvements in speed of the operations and processes to make the system secure.  • Configuring and Managing AD, Exchange, backup servers in the corporate network.  • Acted as a subject matter expert on the Lotus Notes/ Microsoft Exchange Migration Project.  • Reported and act as a second level IT support resolving complex incident tickets, reported by client via email phone and escalating issues as needed.  • Performed Network administration functions using Active directory.  • Provide bi-lingual technical support to over 40,000 remote users, 100 international offices and supported more than 250 internal applications. Data Management Technical Support and Bilingual Customer Service Abbott Laboratories ICT Corporation - Langhorne, PA November 2004 to December 2006 Langhorne, PA 11/2004 -12/2006  Provided technical support to clients using company software and hardware.    Data Management Technical Support and Bilingual Customer Service  • Resolving issues and maintaining accurate information in database.  • Created caller file history documentation for future reference and customer satisfaction.  • Received inbound and outbound calls provide technical support to healthcare providers. Education B.A.S in Management Information Systems Bellevue University - Bellevue, NE A.A.S in Industrial Electronics TCI College of Technology - New York, NY Skills A.A.S Networking Technology (2 years) Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification