Senior Security Analyst - Vulnerability Management Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> - Vulnerability Management Fenton, MO A commercially astute and effective IT security management professional with a proven record of achievement and experience with excellent diplomatic and interpersonal skills - an influential presence. A proactive and energetic team builder and leader with a firm grasp of human, technical and investigative security practices. A practical understanding of commercial, cultural and political realities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Security Analyst - Vulnerability Management Maritz Holdings LLC - Fenton, MO August 2018 to Present • Responsible for configuring vulnerability assessment tools (primarily Rapid7), performing scans, researching and analyzing vulnerabilities, identifying relevant threats, providing corrective action recommendations, summarizing and reporting results.  • Address vulnerabilities including system patching, deployment of specialized controls, code or infrastructure changes, and changes in build engineering processes.  • Perform penetration tests on computer systems, networks, web-based and mobile applications.  • Perform bi-annual PCI-DSS Penetration Testing for network devices, servers, and web applications to comply with PCI-DSS standards.  • Provide guidance for selection of third party security service providers/vendors. Identify and evaluates risk, vulnerabilities and threats to systems and applications. Interfaces with network and server administrators, desktop support staff, IT staff, developers, and non- IT departments on security issues and requirements.  • Strong relationship building and communication skills with leadership, peers and customers.   • Gather information and collaborate with IT and non- IT staff to assess and solve security issues for networks, servers and applications. Analyze business needs and researches security solutions. IT Technologist - Cyber Risk Management (Offensive Security) Charter Communications - Maryland Heights, MO September 2017 to August 2018 - Manage the implementation of all aspects of the risk function, including implementation of processes, tools and systems to identify, assess, measure, manage, monitor and report risks.  - Manage the process for developing risk policies and procedures, risk limits and approval authorities.  - Manage the corporate risk and control assessment reporting process as well as manage and maintain infrastructure elements.  - Conduct and document audits of client compliance to industry standards (PCI-DSS, NIST, SOX, and ISO compliance standards).  - Enhance the security architect function and be responsible for the end-to-end security architecture of applications, technologies and services.  - Implement the security program’s risk and control framework and global IT risk strategy. System Administrator ( Security) Threat and Vulnerability Management Team Centene - Clayton, MO February 2017 to September 2017 - Assist in the technical support of the Centene server environment and the applications residing on these servers.  - Mentor System Support Specialist to perform tasks which include but not limited to end-user support, trouble ticket resolution, file-system/disk management, server installation/configuration, and process/procedural updates.  - Prepare and document standard operating procedures and protocols.  - Responsible for schedule, test, and implement enhancements or new releases of the server Operating Systems.  - Work with senior/lead system engineers to understand and implement IT infrastructure designs and rollouts. Police Officer City of Florissant - Police Department - Florissant, MO March 1997 to February 2017 - Responsible for guiding and handling the junior police officers for performing major assigned and specified duties  - Inspecting and personally looking after the critical and emergency situations for major declarations and meetings.  - Efficiently liaise with the supervisors for different kinds of developmental and staff training work.  - Provide for public safety by maintaining order, responding to emergencies, protecting people and property, enforcing motor vehicle and criminal laws, and promoting good community relations. Education Bachelor of Science in Cyber Security - Summa Cum Laude Lindenwood University - Saint Charles, MO 2016 to 2017 Bachelor of Science in Criminology and Criminal Justice University of Missouri - Saint Louis - St. Louis, MO 1992 to 1995 Skills Governance, Risk Management, Compliance, Threat Hunting (1 year), NIST, Security, PCI-DSS (2 years), Penetration Testing (1 year), Vulnerability Assessments (2 years) Military Service Branch: United States Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 Sergeant February 1995 to July 2003 Counterintelligence Special Agent  Non-commissioned Officer in Charge of Force Protection Team  - Supervised and conducted, or assisted in conducting, Counter Intelligence (CI) surveys and investigations of individuals, organizations, and installations, and activities to detect, identify, assess, counter, exploit and neutralize threats to national security. Performed threat intelligence collection assessments as part of the threat vulnerability process, relating Foreign Intelligence Services (FIS) threat and recommended countermeasures.    • Conducted sabotage, espionage, treason, subversion and sedition investigations.  • Provided guidance and supervision to subordinate soldiers. Planned and conducted CI operations, to include: analyzing, selecting, exploiting, and neutralizing CI targets.  • Planned, supervised, and participated in Counter intelligence Force Protection Source Operations (CFSO). Performed CI support to anti-terrorism and counter-terrorism operations, and planned and directed counter espionage operations and investigations.  • Planned, coordinated, and supervised intelligence operations and training.  • Conducted low-level (covert) source operations. Conducted overt collection and non- technical operations and surveillance.  • Consolidated intelligence data, produced and maintained CI analytical products. Commendations: NATO Medal, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Army Achievement Medal,  National Defense Service Medal, Army Reserves Components Achievement Medal,  Armed Forces Reserve Medal Certifications/Licenses ACE AccessData Certified Examiner December 2016 to December 2018 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) October 2018 to October 2021 Rapid7 Metasploit Certified Specialist Present Rapid7 InsightVM Certified Specialist Present