Programmer/ Analyst Programmer/<span class="hl">Analyst</span> Programmer/ Analyst - Virtual Inc Shelbyville, TN Work Experience Programmer/ Analyst Virtual Inc - Nashville, TN December 2017 to Present • Responsible for supporting, enhancing and maintaining Virtual's proprietary software. The technologies involved include, but are not limited to, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, MYSQL, and Apache running on Linux servers.  • Responsible for implementing new feature requests, diagnosis and correction of issues, software maintenance, and communicating issues to the appropriate end users.  • Responsible for interviewing, managing, and coaching new developers.  • Responsible for being the technical liaison between our Wordpress developers and department managers.  • Responsible for managing and creating the new interface between Wordpress and our proprietary software using Azure Queues, Blob Storage and PHP. IT Consultant National American Insurance Company - Chandler, OK June 2017 to November 2017 This is a 100% Remote position where I am helping them with whatever software development needs that they currently require. For the most part this includes maintaining the previous code I have written, apache management, database management, and whatever other projects they currently have a need for help on. Junior Developer National American Insurance Company - Chandler, OK June 2015 to June 2017 • Responsible for working on a range of web-based projects, from designing appealing websites, to web-based applications. (using MYSQL, DB2, RPG, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, languages with JQuery and Bootstrap plug-ins)  • Responsible for all table and database maintenance of the MYSQL Server including but not limited to table and query optimization/creation, plus any changes needed to the database.  • Responsible for all database designs and coding for web applications.  • Responsible for all maintenance of the Zend Server software on the IBM i Server.  • Responsible for creating and maintaining all Webforms for the company (these forms have multiple submit options, like filling in and emailing a pdf, checking in the form to WebDocs on the IBM i server for later editing, or a combination of the two.  • Provide Support for all web-based applications and web pages.  • External examples include docaccess.naico.com and the employment application on naico.com. Database Administrator/Software Developer Citizen Potawatomi Nation - Shawnee, OK December 2013 to June 2015 • Responsible for working on a range of projects, designing appealing websites and internal mobile-responsive, web-based applications. (using MYSQL, HTML, JavaScript, PHP, Python, and DTML languages with JQuery and Bootstrap plug-ins)  • Responsible for table creation and database maintenance of the MYSQL Server including but not limited to table and query optimization/creation.  • Responsible for interacting on a daily basis with graphic designers and other points of contact depending on developing needs.  • External examples include grandresortok.com and grandboxoffice.com Slot Technician Citizen Potawatomi Nation - Shawnee, OK March 2013 to December 2013 * Responsible for the repairs of Slot Machines. I have worked on WMS, VGT, IGT, AGS, Bluberi, Intuicode, and Eclipse brand machines. I have experience repairing Bill Acceptors, Printers, Monitors (including power supplies, video cards, cathodes, and cathode cards), Touch Screens, and Misc. other non-standard parts.  * Responsible for maintenance and repairs on the Konami Casino Management System (CMS) (to include but not limited to, the touch screen, the card reader, and the NAMB computer) and customer questions on the various features of the CMS, this includes how to use free play, the Keno screen, and various other questions. Transportation Security Officer Transportation Security Administration - Nashville, TN April 2008 to March 2013 • Responsible for performing security screening of persons, including tasks such as: hand-wanding, pat-down searches, monitoring walk-through metal detector screening equipment and the operation of whole body imagers.   • Responsible for performing security screening of property, including the operation of x-ray and CTX machines to identify dangerous objects in baggage, cargo and on passengers; and to prevent those objects from being transported onto aircraft.   • Teach, educate, and monitor passengers in these policies and procedures.   • Control entry and exit points to sterile areas of the airport.   • Coordinate 11-15 Officers to facilitate organizational needs.  • In addition to normal duties, I have held two collateral duty positions.  *Collateral Duty Safety Officer (CDSO) - (08/2008-12/2011)      *Performed the duties of reporting any unsafe work environment reports, accident reports, and near-miss reports, along with the required investigations, and OSHA reporting paperwork(if necessary).  *Coordination Center Officer - (02/2012-08/2012)   *Gathering, analyzing, and evaluating a variety of data from available sources to make risk/threat assessments and to identify inter-relationships including those that relate to the affected modes of transportation.   *Assisting senior employees or supervisors in preparing reports and briefings for superiors on issues related to significant security incidents such as bomb threats, on-board disturbances, security access control events, airport screening operations, airport statistical data, and inspection and law enforcement activities.   *Maintaining working relationships with other related entities throughout TSA including headquarters and other airport operations.   *Receiving calls from other TSA entities, airlines, airport authorities, Federal, state, and local agencies, the media, and the general public.  Coordinating and tracking the readiness status, maintenance, and distribution of technical equipment and government property within airport operations. Sales Associate Wireless Connection Inc. - Murfreesboro, TN September 2007 to April 2008 • Responsible for evaluating the customers wireless communications needs and matching them up with the available wireless communication products, service plans and accessories.  • Taught and educated customers on how to take full advantage of their new equipment and services.   • Responsible for inventory control, and assisting the manager with day-to-day operations. Inside Sales Representative Dell Inc. - Nashville, TN September 2006 to June 2007 • Responsible for assisting residential customers with all of their computer hardware, software and electronic purchases and needs.   • Determined what the customer’s needs and desires were and then configuring a customized computer and electronics package which meets both their needs and their budget. Computer Programmer & Security Analyst Trainee US Navy, Naval Education and Training Command (NETC) - Pensacola, FL May 2005 to July 2006 Was recruited and worked for three departments.     PC Department  • Responsible for configuring, installing, maintaining, troubleshooting, and repairing computers being utilized.    • Responsible for the base Defense Reutilization and Marketing Office (DRMO) program which removed obsolete computers and software from the base inventory.  • Educated, tested, and monitored several interns on the DRMO process.     Programming Department   • Responsible for evaluating new software, and developing new web-based applications utilizing the XML and Java programming languages.     Network Security Department  • Responsible for evaluating new software to be put on the Navy Computer Network from a security aspect, and fill out the required paperwork (System Security Authorization Agreement (SSAA), Defense Information Technology Security Certification and Accreditation Process (DITSCAP) and Security Test & Evaluation (ST&E)). Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Phoenix August 2006 to March 2008 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology University of West Florida May 2004 to May 2006 Associate of Arts in General Studies Pensacola Junior College August 2002 to May 2004 Skills CSS (8 years), HTML (8 years), MySQL (9 years), Javascript (8 years), PHP (8 years), Java, Software Development, C# Additional Information ACADEMIC ORGANIZATIONS  Kappa Sigma Fraternity, Association of Information Technology Professionals(AITP) Gamma Beta Phi Honor Society, and the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society.