IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Specialist Bremerton, WA I have a passion for Information Technology. My skills are technical in nature and I love working with computers (building, installing, troubleshooting, and maintaining). I have had 8 years of Information Assurance/Cyber Security experience for government contracts. Interested in pursuing a system administration role to gain more experience in that area. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Analyst Strategic Ventures Consulting Group - Silverdale, WA December 2018 to Present Supported the US Navy Education and Training Command (NETC) Trident Training Facility (TTF) by providing on-site service center support and Electronic Classroom Services running Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 and Windows 10. Ensured Electronic Classroom (ECR) connectivity, interoperability, and operational readiness support, security and compliance systems maintenance/operations. Responsible for systems analysis, network operations, software maintenance, systems administration and integration, hardware/software integration, and Cyber defense compliance and accreditation services. Patch management, remediation, and system imaging performed with the utilization of Symantec Management Console for approximately 300 workstations and 5 servers.    Performed troubleshooting, system monitoring, problem management, workstation/server hardware installation, maintenance, board replacement, and cable switching, local Group Policy management, file share, and system and account administration. Coordinated backup and recovery efforts. Maintained configuration/change management and Life Cycle Support, physical reconfigurations, connecting non-NMCI workstations to the classified and unclassified training network.    Documented all troubleshooting and repair services into the Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) Remedy System. This includes receive, log, track, resolve and perform status updates for customer support calls related to the NETC ECR training environment. Assisted users and provide training with ECR, peripherals, and components. Investigated system and application software problems and isolated malfunctions. Installed and applied patches, updates and upgrades to servers, workstations, and stored images. Systems Administrator Associate General Dynamics Information Technology - Silverdale, WA November 2018 to December 2018 Maintained smooth operation of ECR (Electronic Classroom) multi-user computer systems, including coordination with network engineers supporting the ITSS (Information Technology Support Services) contract under NETC (Naval Education and Training Command). Maintained system documentation and set up administrator, instructor, and student accounts on classified and unclassified training network.    Analyzed, logged, tracked, and resolved software/hardware matters of significance pertaining to networking connectivity issues, printer, servers, and applications to meet business needs. Performed troubleshooting to isolate and diagnose common system problems. Documented system events to ensure continuous functioning and coordinated backups.    Utilized standard corporate tools to record change and problem activities for tracking purposes. Network Administrator/Installer McLaughlin Research Corporation - Keyport, WA July 2018 to November 2018 Provided technical support in the installation, maintenance, operation, troubleshooting, upgrading and re-configuration of Naval Undersea Warfare Center Keyport’s corporate network components and cable facilities.     Troubleshot Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services operating under IPv4 and IPv6 switched networks and utilizing modern network troubleshooting tools and sophisticated test equipment ensuring all equipment meets current Department of Defense (DoD) Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) and Information Assurance Vulnerability Assessment (IAVA) requirements. Installed, troubleshot and provided preventative and corrective maintenance and repair of VoIP telephones and associated voicemail. Provided documentation related to any equipment change or modification following a government owned configuration management plan. Updated and maintained engineering drawings and operation documentation. Utilized ChangeGear software for Information Technology Service Management.     ·        Terminated approximately 200 ends of Category 5e/6 cable  ·        Run/routed approximately 6,000 feet of Category 5e/6 cable through building overheads/ceilings, walls, and conduit  ·        Spliced approximately 24 pairs of single-mode fiber optic cable  ·        COMSEC (Communications Security) Qualified October 2018 Information Assurance Analyst McLaughlin Research Corporation - Keyport, WA December 2017 to July 2018 Provided Information Assurance (IA) support for the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Keyport Code 20 Test and Evaluation Department to include all steps using the Risk Management Framework (RMF) process to obtain an Authority to Operate (ATO) for existing and future systems including the Surface Ship Radiated Noise Measurement Acquisition and Processing and Reporting System (SAPR) and Range Craft Systems (RCS). Performed system administration and IA/Patch management functions. Maintained system integrity and connectivity while ensuring compliance with information security policies. Reviewed Information Assurance & Vulnerabilities Assessments (IAVA) and Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) for supported operating systems and implemented and verified the implementation of the fixes. Periodically checked for STIG updates and reviewed deltas for compliance. Ensured compliance by using mandated and government-provided automated scanning tools and provided mitigations as applicable. Documented system configuration and created system data flow diagrams utilizing various tools including Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS), DoD Information Technology Portfolio Repository (DITPR)/Department of Navy Applications and Database Management System (DADMS), and Microsoft Office. IT Analyst McLaughlin Research Corporation - Keyport, WA April 2017 to December 2017 Database Administrator for the Lightweight Torpedo Reliability Information System (LTRIS) utilizing Microsoft SQL 2012 to maintain the backend and C# with ASP.NET on Visual Studio 2012 to maintain the frontend. Computing Security & Information Protection Specialist The Boeing Company - Tukwila, WA June 2015 to April 2017 Evaluated computing and information security risks and developed response plans to mitigate or address identified risks. Developed, tested and implemented security solutions and procedures to ensure that systems were compliant with applicable policies, procedures, contracts, and regulatory requirements. Analyzed and recorded computing security events and verified that security parameters were in place. Provided consultation and advice on computing security issues. Utilized knowledge of the Risk Management Framework (RMF). Provided compliance and audit support to maintain inspection readiness.   ·        Gained familiarity with the Joint Air Force-Army-Navy (JAFAN) 6/3 Manual and Joint SAP Implementation Guide (JSIG). Utilized processes set forth in the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) and the Industrial Security Field Operations (ISFO) Process Manual. Experienced Special Access Program (SAP) environments and Collateral National Industrial Security Program (NISP) environments.  ·        Communicated and verified security policy to customers at various levels. Worked effectively and cooperatively with fellow employees, peers from other teams from parts of the organization, and external customers. Utilized knowledge of verification, validation, certification and qualification processes and procedures, including of governing regulations and compliance requirements. Implemented security functionality, developed and wrote security plans, and oversaw security awareness programs per the JAFAN 6/3 Manual and the NISPOM / ISFO guidelines.   ·        Maintained security posture and documentation of 10 different SAP information systems. Utilized Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) Tools to verify required security policies were implemented and in place.  Assisted in RMF transition of 20 SAP information systems to ensure continued processing of classified information. Information System Security Officer General Dynamics - Electric Boat Corporation - Silverdale, WA October 2010 to June 2015 Provided information systems security support and responsible for coordination/integration of classified computer systems addressing hardware, software, administrative/procedural security, physical security, communications security and safety. Authored, reviewed and updated Concept of Operations (CONOPS) and System Security Plans (SSPs). Used knowledge of DoD Information Technology Security Certification and Accreditation processes to develop, update, and maintain appropriate Certification and Accreditation (C&A) packages for general/tactical support systems and major applications. Utilized familiarity with PC hardware including system and peripheral set-up, configuration, and basic troubleshooting. Interpreted and enforced government and company security directives. Interfaced with management and maintained liaison with U.S. Government Program Security Offices. Developed and revised security plans, procedures, and instructions. Utilized ability to manage time, make sound decisions, take independent action, analyze problems and provide focused solutions in a multi-tasked and dynamic environment.  • Ensured individuals were compliant with DoD 8570.01-M requirements.  • Assisted system administrators with user account administration including password resets, user account creation, and user lockouts, permissions, roll-out of Microsoft Office 2010 and Adobe Acrobat 9 involving approximately 80 assets, installation and removal of approximately 60 assets for classified Wide Area Network, and roll-out of approximately 40 thin clients for transition from using one accredited Wide Area Network to another.  • Created interactive spreadsheet to keep track of required training for users of classified systems.  • Helped fellow employees and co-contractors on troubleshoot various issues with computing hardware and software to avoid work stoppage.  • Performed transition of classified systems to the Risk Management Framework from DCID 6/3 to ensure continued processing of classified information.  • Conducted weekly anti-virus updates and security log audits on all classified systems with zero deviations.  • Utilized working knowledge of Windows 7, Windows Server 2008, and Microsoft Office   • Assisted system administrators with TACLANE KG-175A/G configurations Sr. Administrative Associate FedEx Ground - Troutdale, OR September 2008 to October 2010 Performed routine administrative clerical work such as document processing, record keeping and report generation. Used independent judgment to perform tasks. Used knowledge of company and/or departmental procedures related to work performed. Made recommendations to supervisor, responsible for answering questions, and providing guidance to others. Quality Assurance Clerk FedEx Ground - Portland, OR November 2005 to September 2008 Responsible for entering damaged package reports, hazardous material incident reports, repairing damaged packages, and performed address corrections. Liaison between operations, contractors, and customers to ensure shipment integrity and enhanced customer service.  • Employee of the Month for July 2008 for successful recovery of change of address database due to a system malfunction that wiped the database clean of all data since 2005.  • Helped colleagues with troubleshooting various computing software and hardware issues when calling support line wasn't necessary. Package Handler FedEx Ground - Portland, OR March 2005 to November 2005 Responsible for loading and organizing packages (>400-600 packages per day) of varied shapes and sizes ranging in weight from 1 to 100+ pounds onto 2 - 3 trucks for delivery while maintaining high barcode scanning accuracy (above 99%) for customers checking the status of their packages.  • "Scan Champion" 5 times between 05/2005 - 08/2005 for most accurate scanning on belt.  • Voted by colleagues as Package Handler of the Month of September 2005 for my belt. Aviation Electronics Technician 3rd Class U.S. Navy - Bldg 160 - Lemoore, CA August 1999 to August 2003 F/A-18 Hornet RADAR Technician responsible for testing and troubleshooting the main components of the AN/APG-65 and AN/APG-73 search-and-tracking radar system with the assistance of the Consolidated Automated Support System (CASS) test bench. Responsible for training subordinates involving radar component repair.  • Maintained a very high "ready for issue" rate (>95%) with minimal returns on components where maintenance was performed but still were in need of repair.  • Received a Letter of Appreciation from the Commanding Officer of Naval Air Station Lemoore for my volunteer work during the 2002 Lemoore Air Show. Education Associate in Computer Network Systems ITT Technical Institute-Portland - Portland, OR June 2005 to June 2010 High school Evergreen High School - Vancouver, WA August 1996 to June 1999 Skills Windows 7, Windows 10, Active Directory, Risk Management Framework, Networking, security, Microsoft Office, testing, HTML, Tech Support, Desktop Support, Mac OS X (2 years) Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 August 1999 to August 2003 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ June 2013 to May 2021 CompTIA Network+ July 2013 to May 2021 CompTIA Security+ May 2012 to May 2021 Assessments Technical Support — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/69ztgwmholgvn5k7 Customer Focus & Orientation — Highly Proficient August 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mzfztuddqpdswp-b Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (PC) — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/okpkdjiywhndlgo Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (Mac) — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xgmh1ft1jpywqysa Verbal Communication — Expert August 2019 Speaking clearly, correctly, and concisely. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/9kz236dk370tpqzz English Communication Skills: Typing — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively transcribe text using a standard keyboard. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xm67cvc9n66su5yl Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.