Sales Associate - Furniture Sales Associate - Furniture Sales Associate - Furniture - Macys Belleville, IL A highly qualified, enthusiastic individual with experience in Information Technology, Quality Assurance, PeopleSoft security testing and administration, and client support roles. I seek to utilize this experience with a team that promotes a positive teamwork environment and recognizes potential in its employees. Work Experience Sales Associate - Furniture Macys July 2019 to Present - Provide an exceptional customer experience by ensuring the customer is always the priority  - Handle all returns courteously and professionally  - Determine customer needs based on personal features and other customer preference related factors  - Demonstrate knowledge of store products and services to build sales and minimize returns  - Suggest additional merchandise to compliment customer selection  - Offer to call other locations if merchandise is unavailable within store Cashier SAMS Wholesale Club July 2018 to May 2019 - Greeted customers and answered questions about products and services.  - Successfully and adequately operated cash registers.  - Always displayed a positive, friendly and motivated personality.  - Stood for long periods of time while checking out customers quickly and accurately Sales Associate (Desisgner Show Warehouse) - Temporary work March 2018 to July 2018 Shoe and accessories sales associate Sales Associate HH Gregg July 2016 to March 2017 Provided customer service and recommendations to customers on the selection of various items in the Appliance Department IT QA Tester/Environment Engineer Scottrade, Inc March 2014 to October 2015 - Provided manual QA testing, validation and defect maintenance among various QA environments  - Performed Functional and Regression testing prior to release into production.  - Created QA Lab Change Management requests to submit to production  - Worked as a liaison between QA, Development and Database administration to ensure defects are resolved within required service level agreements.  - Responsible for resolution of high priority defect incidents/defects that bring quality assurance testing to a halt.  - Proactively worked to ensure qa lab environment is stable, available, and ready for testing prior to QA testing. Hardlines Merchandiser/Electronics KMart November 2013 to March 2014 - Tested products and found solutions to ensure customer satisfaction.  - Communicated and educated customers on the proper and optimal use and care of their new products and solutions.  - Diagnosed and recommended appropriate product, service and content solutions.  - Maintained skills required to perform basic consumer electronic integration via computer based training or on-hands training Geek Squad Best Buy Stores September 2012 to October 2013 - Tested products and sought solutions to ensure customer satisfaction.  - Escalated to 2nd tier support to ensure expectations matched customers needs/wants.  - Diagnosed and recommended appropriate product, service and content solutions.  - Maintained skills required to perform basic consumer electronic integration via computer based training or on-hands training QA Technical IT Analyst The Weather Channel, Interactive November 2006 to August 2010 - Completion of IT Web Builds with no end user impact  - Ads testing using Omniture, WASP, Charles, and Firebug  - Provided Acceptance, Functional, and Regression testing of the weather.com site for various products  - Created step-by-step test documentation (test cases, test plans, etc.) for all assigned projects HRIS Security Analyst The Home Depot, Store Support Center August 2003 to November 2006 - Determined appropriate access and processed user requests for the following applications in production: PeopleSoft, Choicepoint, HRIS Security, The Home Depot portal, Staffing Desktop, and LDAP  - QA functional test execution on HR related applications to support production issues  - Ran and maintained audits. Documented results (daily, weekly, monthly & as needed basis)  - Performed People Soft conversion validation Education Masters in Psychology in Project Management Training Walden University 2004 to 2006 Bachelor of Science in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice Florida A&M University 1995 Skills Bugzilla, Qa testing, Security, Sharepoint, Websphere, Catalyst, Ldap, Vantive, Http, Qa, Sniffer, Microsoft office