Interim Head of Information Technology Interim Head of Information Technology Interim Head of Information Technology - Robert Half Technology Chicago, IL Work Experience Interim Head of Information Technology Robert Half Technology (Amphenol Fiber Optic Products) - Lisle, IL February 2019 to Present Provide leadership and strategy of the IT Department supporting the manufacturing, marketing, ERP, and development divisions for fiber optic products during a transitional period. Direct four IT staffers & analysts based in China & Mexico in strengthen the direction for IT and infrastructure services.    ACCOMPLISHMENTS  Enhanced Amphenol FOP's cybersecurity operations with planned Windows server patching, creating a WSUS environment for monthly patching for PCs in the US and China. Also, completed the review and upgrade of several software IT asset licenses in April 2019.    Directed the upgrade of internal anti-virus software management within the US offices in April 2019.    Oversaw & planned the successful migration of data backups from tape to the cloud in May 2019. Also, implemented a disaster recovery and business continuity plan for the business's two main locations (suburban Chicago and suburban Dallas).    Currently developing plans to replace a 14-year old on-premise PBX system, a 15-year old Cisco VPN environment, and overhauling the 15-year old infrastructure backbone with a combined budget of $75K-$100K.    Presently overseeing the project upgrade of Macola 9.6 ES to Macola 10 ERP version to support the multi-year forecast for business growth and expansion.    Oversaw the formal launching of Amphenol FOP's business's SharePoint 365 cloud development and present buildout in May 2019 resulting in joint partnerships between the Operations, Engineering, and Marketing teams at Amphenol FOP.    Conducted a successful IT internal audit of all Amphenol FOP and FOC (China) network, Macola ERP software, and infrastructure systems to adhere and maintain IT Governance, Risk Management, and Cybersecurity Compliance & SOX requirements in mid-June 2019 as required by the Amphenol Corporate Office in CT. Sr. IT Consultant Prairie State College - Chicago, IL December 2018 to February 2019 Connect Search, LLC)  Responsible for the upgrade, administration, and buildout of several Windows Domain controllers & servers to a Windows Server 2016 environment within VMware Vsphere. Also repaired and updated the data backup process for weekly and daily tape backups for BC purposes for 75 Windows servers. Sr. IT Consultant Anixter - Glenview, IL September 2018 to December 2018 Connect Search, LLC)  Responsible for the migration and administration of Anixter's Exchange 365 Online messaging system, Azure AD, and cloud security for email operations for over 10,300 users. Interim Director, IT Operations Robert Half Technology (Amphenol Fiber Optic Products) - Lisle, IL May 2017 to September 2017 Provided leadership and strategy of the IT Department supporting the manufacturing, ERP, and development divisions for fiber optic products during a transitional period. Directed four IT administrators and analysts based in China & Mexico in strengthen the direction for IT and infrastructure services. Also, oversaw and reviewed all SOX & Cybersecurity requirements and audits on a quarterly basis pertaining to IT in three nations.    ACCOMPLISHMENTS  • Conducted a successful IT internal audit of all Amphenol FOP network, Macola ERP software, and infrastructure systems to adhere and maintain IT Governance, Risk Management, and Cybersecurity Compliance & SOX requirements as required by the Amphenol Corporate Office in CT.  • Developed and approved a technology refresh project plan for the IT Manager to upgrade laptop and tablet software for all Amphenol FOP beginning in early Fall 2017. Acting Director of Information Technology Worldwide Material Handling Products Will County September 2016 to March 2017 via Robert Half Technology)  Responsible for the alignment and strategy of the IT Department supporting a sales and warehousing firm of wire mesh products. Directed a group of 5 IT specialists, MSPs, and engineers in building a new direction for IT.  • Evaluated all corporate technology strategies and assets through implementation and development for all employees for execution and production.  • Built an IT support standard for the firm. This model included the addition of missing skills and evaluation of a managed services provider that has led to insourcing of some functions which were previously outsourced.  • Planned and executed a strategic budget forecast, multi-year infrastructure and compliance project objectives along with VAR reviews, identifying the IT supply vendors who will be consistent partners creating and development a procurement process for IT.  • Initiated and developed strategic plans to upgrade MS Dynamics CRM and NAV MS Dynamics from older versions to a current robust version to support the five-year forecast for business growth and expansion.    ACCOMPLISHMENTS  Directed the migration of Office 2010 to Office 365 Online for all users in December 2016.  Oversaw & planned the successful migration from an on-premise Exchange Server 2007 environment to a hosted Exchange 2016 cloud version in November 2016.  Developed a five-year IT budget and project plans to invest in long-term infrastructure upgrades and support expansion of the business's six office locations.  Guided the transformation of the business's SharePoint 3.0 platform to the SharePoint 365 cloud version in November 2016 resulting in a partnership between the Sales and Marketing teams at WWMH.  Oversaw the project upgrade of MS Dynamics CRM 2009 to Dynamics 365 online (cloud) and NAV MS Dynamics 2011 to NAV 2016 version to support the multi-year forecast for business growth and expansion.  Implemented a disaster recovery and business continuity plan for the business's two main locations (suburban Chicago and suburban Los Angeles). IT Infrastructure & Compliance Director TOMS King Services LLC - Crystal Lake, IL August 2014 to April 2016 • Oversaw the development of enterprise applications for the implementation and improvement of common business systems designed to address business needs for 3200 employees at 107 BK restaurants in five states.  • Configured and managed all networks (local and wide-area) within the operation to meet business requirements.  • Directed a staff of five regarding infrastructure aspects to provide maximum uptime, security event log management, disaster recovery process and plan, developing and maintaining PCI-DSS Compliance 3.0/3.1 status for corporate and restaurant management teams, securing a robust VPN environment, and a stable Wi-Fi environment for restaurant employees and consumers.  • Maintained data centers & administer Active Directory, Windows Server 2012, VMware vSphere 5.1, MS Dynamics 2013, SharePoint 2007/16, Dell SonicWall, and MS Exchange 2010/16 servers. Also manage all IT assets (hardware & software) for the entire firm.  • Served as Vendor Manager for technology and telecom services for the entire firm resulting in cost savings for telecom and improving asset management for IT developments for 2014 & 2015.  • Also jointly responsible for Corporate and Restaurant IT Budgets, working with the CEO and Director of Finance & Technology to determine the best usage of discretionary dollars and multiple-year IT capital spending projects.  • Oversaw the migration and maintenance of the common application infrastructure systems (upgrading Vista to Windows 7 on Dell desktops) used across 107 Burger King restaurants organization in five states.  • Configured and managed company Dell SonicWall switches, firewalls, & VPN concentrators.    ACCOMPLISHMENTS.  Implemented, upgraded, and expanded the VMware vSphere 5.1/5.5 Datacenter for the Corporate Center in late 2014 by building out six virtual servers to assist with the production environment.  Developed and implemented PCI-DSS 3.0/3.1 standards for corporate users and restaurant IT technology systems between September 2014 and June 2015 for 75 Burger King restaurants as part of IT Governance, Cybersecurity, Risk Management, & Compliance requirements.  Introduced and developed the Corporate Help Desk online ticket center technology from the ground up in January 2015.  Introduced Splunk Event Log Management software on a VMware server to monitor, assess, secure, and log all SonicWall activities on the restaurants' firewall devices in February 2015 to enhance the franchise's cybersecurity. Implemented a cloud-based anti-virus protection rollout for all corporate and restaurant PCs during the Fall 2015 period.  Directed the migration of Office 2010 to Office 2016 (cloud version) for all users and restaurant desktops in January 2016.  Oversaw & planned the migration from a hosted Exchange Server 2010 to a hosted Exchange 2016 email cloud environment in February 2016.  Completed integration of 48 recently acquired Mid-Atlantic restaurants' IT systems into the TOMS King Services' network infrastructure between May 2015 & March 2016.  • Defined infrastructure and network strategies with Senior Executives by designing and creating business Network Operations requirements for business and technical purposes, architecting the plan and managing the execution across the firms.  • In all roles, was the highly visible leader of teams of up to six people in the definition of the IT Infrastructure, Management, and Security architecture and negotiated solutions.  • Implemented and introduced WSUS for patch management using Active Directory & Group Policy containers at TOMS King Services in 2014.  • Added SolarWinds software to all servers in late 2014 to report any incident including outage due to a power surge, downtime, potential hacking, and/or unusual spiking activity on the network within 15 minutes. IT Security Analyst (Consultant) Randstad Technologies - Chicago, IL April 2012 to January 2013 at the behest of the IT Director of Compliance. IT Technical Analyst & Project Lead Henderson Global Investors - Chicago, IL June 2006 to August 2011 Analyzed and resolved technical problems for servers. Served as Project Manager on long-term infrastructure upgrades and new projects notably security log event management on Windows servers, Windows Server Security Update projects, and file auditing management on Active Directory and multi-domains. Provided network documentation and guidance to IT staff and clients regarding new projects and designs. Acted as Asset Manager overseeing all IT assets including licenses for both USA offices (Chicago, Hartford). Determined and resolved network production problems as required. Conducted technical research and conferences on network upgrades and components to determine feasibility, cost, time required, and compatibility with current systems notably the EMC SAN in Hartford. Monitored & Administered VMware 3.5/4.0 virtualization on web and test servers.  • Served as Disaster Recovery Lead for annual disaster recovery/business continuity plans and tests for the US sites regarding business continuity and data recovery.  • Supervised all data backup and disaster recovery operations using Symantec (Veritas) NAS Backup Exec and SunGard i365 cloud computing online software.  • Managed & monitored nearly 100 Windows, MS Exchange, BlackBerry Enterprise Servers, and Citrix Presentation/MetaFrame/Xenapp servers as an in-house consultant from 2006 to 2008.  • Conducted IT audits on LAN systems and compiled technical recommendations to Henderson's IT team on improving its operations for the Chicago and Hartford offices.  • Recommended and installed security event information management tools (SolarWinds & Spiceworks) on Active Directory and updated server patch management upgrades via WSUS to enhance compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley, SEC, GBLA, & ISO Framework 27002 regulations protecting financial data in the markets.  • Oversaw new projects at Henderson regarding implementation of file & folder auditing tools, e-mail archiving, and a stable Disaster Recovery process.  • Implemented and introduced WSUS for patch management using Active Directory & Group Policy containers at Henderson Global Investors in 2006.  • Added SolarWinds software (SIEM) to all data operations servers in November 2009 to report any incident including outage due to a power surge, downtime, potential hacking, and/or unusual spiking activity on the HGINA network within 15 minutes either in-person or remotely. Team Project Lead (Consultant) K-FORCE TECHNOLOGY STAFFING - Tampa, FL 2005 to 2006 Directed 16 systems engineers on converting Charter One Bank network operations into the Citizens Bank Network at more than 400 branches in Chicago, Detroit, Toledo, and Cleveland. Installed HP servers with Windows 2003 Server and replaced 3com switches and routers with Cisco routers and switches. Served as Team Lead for AT&T laptop refresh rollouts at AT&T offices in Lisle and Chicago. Windows Server Consultant CORE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS - Mahwah, NJ 2005 to 2005 Configured and built HP ProLiant ML 310 Windows 2003 Small Business Servers for Chicago-area not-for-profit agencies storing software programs, print servers, and files for 50 users. Installed Wireless Access Points and Sonicwall firewall to enhance network usage and security. IT Manager NETCOM, INC - Wheeling, IL 2004 to 2004 Directed a staff of five with planning and implementing new server, database, and PC operating systems. Revised and implemented corporate IT security, email, and internet usage policies for a 125 user manufacturing plant. Enacted the beginning stages of installing Epicor ERP software to improve cost control and business development for plants in Wheeling, Beijing, and Athens, Greece. Designed plans to upgrade the server operating system from NT to Windows 2003. CRIMSON PRECISION, INC - Chicago, IL 2002 to 2003 LAN Manager  Directed IT functions of the Alcoa, Inc executive headquarters in Chicago. Administered LAN/WAN, voice, and A/V operations. Provided server administration for 95 executives improving productivity in a W2K/AD environment. Also conducted vendor management by ordering all IT equipment and services for Alcoa staff. IT Administrator SIEMENS ICN - Rolling Meadows, IL 2001 to 2001 Administered LAN/WAN operations in Chicago, St. Louis, and Rolling Meadows. Managed Windows, web, and SMS servers at those sites. Implemented SLA standards using Remedy track-caller to resolve and reduce the volume of outstanding trouble tickets regarding software and hardware issues. Consultant US HOST, INC - Chicago, IL 2000 to 2000 Assisted with configuration and management of NT/2000 client and web servers. Administered Exchange servers on Windows platforms and provided support on IIS 4.0, Cold Fusion 4.0, SQL Server 7.0 and Proxy servers. IT Manager NATIONAL CATTLEMEN'S BEEF ASSOCIATION - Chicago, IL 1998 to 2000 Managed NT & Novell operating systems used by 100 executives inside a non-profit trade association regarding data and network security. Oversaw LAN/WAN administration, email & voice communications. Conducted asset management including all IT documents, hardware, and software purchases and leases. Education Mathematics University of Arkansas at Fayetteville - Fayetteville, AR 1982 to 1986 Skills Active Directory, Windows, Networking, Technical Support, Microsoft Office, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Customer Service, exchange, Vmware