Windows 10 Migration Technician Windows 10 Migration Technician Fairview Heights, IL I am an IT Professional with over 10 years in the field. I have gained experience supporting end users remotely in a Windows environment. I'm a critical thinker, very dedicated individual, self-starter, and have a strong will and desire to learn. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Windows 10 Migration Technician ConAgra - Centralia, IL August 2019 to August 2019 (TEKsystems) (4 Day Project)    - Contributed in device collection, configuration, and upgrading of client Windows machines.  - Ensured all steps followed for a successful upgrade of laptops and desktops.  - Worked with clients to ensure checklist items were completed and computers were operating normally with no issues.  - Administered receipt, configuration, and delivery of new equipment and return of outdated devices.  - Recognized and assisted with troubleshooting hardware and software issues. IT Security Analyst (Access and Authentication) Express Scripts - St. Louis, MO March 2017 to June 2019 - Provisioned user access to Express Scripts applications in accordance with established IAM process, policies, standards, and regulations.  - Created/modified user, admin, and generic ID accounts via Active Directory on Windows Server (2008/2012) and scripting tool on jump servers for Linux/AIX OS.  - Created exchange accounts using Exchange Server Console.  - Created Office365 accounts by Powershell scripts for selected clients.  - Served as SME for identified applications, Service Now forms, and SOPs within the IAM department.  - Supported Onshore/Offshore team and management in identifying necessary process/policy development and implementation.  - Recognized and implemented process enhancement opportunities, assists in facilitating day-to-day team functions.  - Assisted in efforts to develop standard practices, components, guidelines for use of complex technology components.  - Contributed in resolving urgent and high production incidents. Participated in actions to determine root cause of problems and drive resolution.  - Partaken in publishing, monitoring, mandating information and computer security policies, as well as security awareness information and programs within IAM scope of practice.  - Identified, reported, and resolved security violations. Participated in resolving urgent/high priority incidents and used skills and expertise to determine root cause and drive resolution.  - Performed complex security resource and access rule maintenance. Developed and implements security monitoring and violation reports that identify attempts to access unauthorized material.  - Leveraged prior knowledge, skills, experience and solid judgment, to plan and accomplish goals.  - Technical writer creating knowledge bases, SOPs, and training documentations for testing new applications on boarded. IT Support Analyst Dell Federal - St. Louis, MO September 2011 to March 2017 - Worked tasks or projects as determined to be within the contracted Scope of Work  - Created mail enabled user accounts  - Determined Exchange Mailbox database assignments  - Created users' home directories with appropriate permissions  - Assisted with registration of users Common Access Card (CAC)  - Modified user's account permissions  - Add user's accounts to Distribution/ Security Groups  - Created new Distribution/ Security Groups  - Modify Group Permissions on User Folders  - Assigned permissions to allow users access to the shared mailbox  - Created a new Exchange Public Folder  - Assigned permissions to Exchange Public Folders  - Assisted users in the configuration of MS Outlook  - Enabled/Disabled CAC requirement for logon  - Account modification in Active Directory  - Rebuilt user profiles (Server and Local)  - Scanned/Repaired .offline and personal folder files  - Created and modified Shared Mailboxes  - Assisted users with Remote Desktop configurations and issues  - Utilized Remedy to submit, modify, resolve, close requests for assistance  - Provided support of authorized Cell Phones and Devices for Goodlink email services Aerospace Medical Technician United States Air Force (Active/Reserves) December 1999 to November 2011 Customer Support Analyst ARAMARK - Downers Grove, IL January 2008 to December 2009 - Provided technical support on ARAMARK proprietary software  - Supported Windows XP  - Laptop/Desktop Hardware Troubleshooting  - Microsoft Office 2003 troubleshooting  - Utilized remote desktop tools for troubleshooting and resolving technical issues  - HP Service Center ticket creations and documentation  - Network troubleshooting and configurations TCP/IP  - Active Directory account creations and password resets  - VPN configuration and troubleshooting Education Associate of Applied Science in Restaurant Community College of the Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL August 2013 Associate of Applied Science in Allied Health Science Community College of the Air Force - Maxwell AFB, AL August 2013 Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Security Westwood College - Woodridge, IL May 2011 Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: Technical Sergeant