Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Gainesville, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA - Gainesville, FL May 2016 to Present Performed over 100 risk assessments for hardware, software, and services that are to be attached to the University's network, data centers, and subsidiaries; minimalizing the risk to the University while maintaining compliance and following all applicable laws and statutes including but not limited to HIPAA, FERPA, and NIST 800-53 Rev 4.  • Acted as liaison between the Information Security Office, Treasury Office, and Procurement Office in order to expedite over 200 purchases, while saving the university resources and performing risk assessments in conjunction with continued operations.  • Trained faculty and staff campus wide on the new RSA Archer system and Information Security Office's revised business process.  • Managed and created content for the Information Security and Integrated Risk Management websites.  • Responsible for creating the Use Case process for the risk assessment workflow which includes referencing previously assessed software and services to greatly expedite risk assessments while maintaining compliance.  • Responsible for disposing of sensitive and restricted hardware using a degausser and Secure On-Site Shredding.  • Part of the team that streamlined the risk management process by committing to high service level expectations that elevated communication levels and response times decreasing the average time to close projects by 22 days.  • Generated and communicated monthly metric reports by utilizing Archer and Excel to high level executives including the CIO and CISO, Senior Vice Presidents, and Deans of the University.  • Part of the team that created the new Integrated Risk Management Office by developing and creating new business processes to streamline Enterprise Risk Management by coordinating 9 departments. IT Administrator & Sales Representative WHITEHEAD & ASSOCIATES - Davie, FL October 2014 to May 2016 Responsible for educating, training, and communicating new products and promotions for 12 different high-end plumbing fixture manufacturers to 75 employees in 16 showrooms resulting in a 44% growth, exceeding the company average. Installed and managed cloud based network for sharing documents, calendar appointments, and video conferencing for the entire company. Corporate liaison for distributors, architects, and designers while working on commercial projects, creating spreadsheets, and developing presentations for the CEO. Operations Support CHEF 24/7 - Fort Lauderdale, FL January 2014 to October 2014 Operations Support  Installed various communication technologies to optimize productivity and promote growth within the company. Acted as liaison between commercial kitchen management and corporate office to streamline the production process and maximize the number of SKU's produced. Oversaw the delivery team and store attendants to ensure the locations maintained core standards and high inventory levels. Created and communicated new corporate policies to company associates, building a cohesive and productive work environment. Sales Associate AT&T - Pembroke Pines, FL March 2011 to August 2012 Acted as floor manager to take inventory, arrange window displays, and supervise staff. Promoted AT&T plans, phones, and accessories, fixed technical problems, and delivered superior customer service. Education Master of Science in Information Technology in Cybersecurity FLORIDA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Melbourne, FL May 2016 Bachelors in Biology in Biology UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA - Gainesville, FL December 2013 Additional Information SKILLS  • Computer Skills: Experienced in RSA Archer, Cherwell ITSM, Microsoft SharePoint, JAGGAER, Microsoft Project, WordPress, TerminalFOUR, Microsoft Office, HP PPM, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, SketchUp, AutoCAD  • Operating Systems: Proficient in Windows, Mac OS, IOS, Android, and Ubuntu