Records Associate Level II Records Associate Level II Records Associate Level II - Xtreme Solutions Work Experience Records Associate Level II Xtreme Solutions January 2019 to Present • Using Prism software to encode passports for (ROD's, IQA's, and Final IQA's).  • Prepared documents for processing and used a scanning machine.  • IQAing passport applications on the computer.  • Troubleshooting a network printer for government employee.  • Assisted coworker with her monitor.  • Assisted with the In's and Out's of boxes. File Assistant Kelly Government Solutions March 2016 to March 2016 12/19  • Using Prism software to encode passports for (ROD's, IQA's, and Final IQA's).  • Prepared documents for processing and used a scanning machine.  • IQAing passport applications  • Troubleshooting a network printer for government employee.  • Assisted in troubleshooting a copying machine. (Watch Officer) - The Pentagon (Apex) NetOps 2016 to January 2016 1/16  • Under immediate supervision,monitor the infrastructure and network, responding appropriately to alerts and events. Respond to incidents from triage through resolution, including escalations, where appropriate. Respond to infrastructure repairs, including directing remote activities to maintain operationaleffectiveness for services. Provide root cause analysis documentation in accordance with Government procedures. Provide data center support whereappropriate. Document daily shift activities in appropriate reporting and ticketing tools and ensure proper pass down of any outstanding issues. Provideincident notification to Government representatives. Refresh Technician November 2015 to December 2015 • Migration team  • Imaging laptop computers I.T. Contractor Walter Reed Army October 2015 to November 2015 • Reimaged desktop and laptop computers  • Used Remote Desktop Connection (DameWare) to remote to install patches  • Did port activation for Military personnel to get access to the internet  • Assisted in installing a network printer.  • Used Windows updates, gpupdates, and patches upgrade desktop and laptop computers I.T. Contractor Pentagon Force Protection Agency (GDIT) June 2015 to August 2015 • Using a Remedy Database system to enter user computer issues  • Calling users for phone migration and verifying information  • Assisted in moving computers and monitors from warehouse  • Assisted in the re-imaging of computers through the use of CD-ROM media  • Input names into the creation of an account  • Creating tickets using a Remedy database through first call resolution or through different departments  • Creating an account and unlocking accounts  • Unlocking parking accounts through a parking lot application I.T. Contractor Pentagon Federal Protection Agency (SRA) March 2015 to June 2015 • Using a Remedy Database system to enter user computer issues  • Calling users for phone migration and verifying information  • Assisted in moving computers and monitors from warehouse  • Assisted in the re-imaging of computers through the use of CD-ROM media  • Input names into the creation of an account  • Creating tickets using a Remedy database through first call resolution or through different departments  • Creating an account and unlocking accounts  • Unlocking parking accounts through a parking lot application I.T. Contractor - Pentagon Insight Global August 2014 to December 2014 • Using a Remedy Database system to enter user's computer issues  • Using Active Directory to check on user's accounts  • Inputting data inventory using Excel application  • Making a schedule for the front desk and keeping track of timesheet attendance  • Working the front desk determining who's cleared and who isn't for entrance into call center.  • Remoting into a customer's computer to change proxy settings when user's can't get into certain websites. I.T. Contractor - Bolling HP October 2013 to April 2014 • Creating and assigning tickets in Remedy.  • Using Active Directory to unlock user's accounts or CAC card exemptions.  • Solving or explaining computer related issue.  • Installing software  • Creating an Outlook Profile after migration.  • Running an anti-virus scan on a laptop computer.  • Running a program to take computers out of quarantine.  • Re-imaging and joining a computer back to the domain. I.T. Contractor FEMA (ACT) August 2012 to June 2013 • On the move team disconnecting and reconnecting computers.  • Installing Avaya software for phone installation.  • Degaussing harddrives.  • Moving and renaming computers.  • Solving Remedy Tickets.  • Inserting static IP addresses into local and network printers.    Fill In - The Pentagon (CTI Global Solutions) working in Pentagon Bldg. Mgmt. Office and Customer Assistance Center and Operations and Maintenance Office. 6-29-12  • Answer phones and take down messages. WHS Tier II Computer Technician - The Pentagon Alta IT Services Inc April 2012 to May 2012 • Using a Remedy Database system to input the information.  • Moving hardware equipment.  • Providing customer assistance for users with computer issues.  • Installed a USB DVI cable to a dual monitor. Mgmt CTI Global Solutions April 2012 to April 2012 Office and Customer Assistance Center and Operations and Maintenance Office. 4-4-12 - 4-16-12  • Tear down boxes.  • Answer phones and take down messages.  • Using Remedy Database to input customer information. Clerk- U.S. Department of Homeland Security/ FEMA CTI Global Solutions January 2011 to December 2011 • Organizing office supplies.  • Using the Excel 2007 application to fix office personnel chart information.  • Responsible for a RSVP list for a government meeting using Access 2007 application.  • Answered the phone and took messages for the Office of Chief Counsel.  • Xeroxed, scanned, and archived classified documents.  • Using the SF-135 document in keeping a box list of archived files.  • Making copies of documents and storing them on CD-ROM  • Used an Excel 2007 application to create a field document.  • Writing barcodes for local printers and LCD monitors for new employees working for FEMA on property sheets.  • Installed a HP Digital Sender 9250C.  • Installed my supervisor's local printer when her old printer stopped working.  • Troubleshoot a SharePoint administrator's desktop computer when she was losing internet access.  • Using a CD burner to make copies of lawyer cases on a CD-ROM.  • Unplugged VGA and USB cables in order to remove and install a lawyer's desktop computer to a different office.  • Troubleshoot an attorney advisor's local printer when his print jobs weren't coming out. Research Analyst/Federal Contractor CTI Global Solutions October 2008 to November 2010 Government Warehouse  * Taking government folders and boxes off the shelves and shifting them into chronological order.  * Pulling index cards and filing them in the cabinets.  * Assist with updating and maintaining currency of F.B.I. Agency records program control records  * Ensure that documentation for records transfer to the National Archives are prepared by RM Dept.  * Inputting the files on the computer using Excel 2000 application.  * Assisted with inventory for files to be transferred to the National Archives. Lockheed Martin September 2008 to September 2008 one week)  * Assisted with a computer laptop installation to make sure all programs were installed correctly.  * Used a checklist to make sure certain programs were removed and installed on laptop computers.  * Assisted with a laptop move for a certain number of computer users. Call Center Technician L-3 Communications March 2007 to July 2008 * Provided customer service to approximately 30,000 users with computer related issues.  * Unlocking classified and unclassified user accounts as well as providing password resets at The Pentagon, Andrews Airforce Base, and Bolling Airforce Base.  * Changing existing password accounts and other customer service related issues.  * Changing expiration dates on user's accounts.  * Using two types of Remedy databases for Pentagon DRA, and Andrews DRA, and Active Directory  * Using Microsoft XP and Microsoft Office 2003 and 2007 when setting up CAC card installation for new users.  * Using Microsoft Office 2003 and 2007 to remove and add CAC credentials for users.  * Using ActivClient Gold 6.1 software to get customer's EDI# to use in the Pentagon Remedy database. I.T. Technician PSS Solutions, The Pentagon - Arlington, VA November 2006 to February 2007 * Possession of an interim security clearance  * Assisted in the migration of computers, took inventory of computers, imaged computers using GHOST 8.2  * Handled computer problem issues I.T. Volunteer Montgomery Blair High School - Silver Spring, MD August 2005 to September 2006 20901 10/1/06 - 11/3/06  * Installed and tested NIC cards  * Created and restored system image using GHOST 7.O  * Performed memory installation and ensured computer operation was acceptable to end users.  * Conducted diagnostics on hardware and software.  * Installed and tested CD-ROMS; installed Nero 5 software. Govt. Contractor Trawick and Associates - Alexandria, VA April 2006 to July 2006 * Installed a printer and placed ticket information for user.  * Installed computers and web cameras into company classrooms  * Installed a network printer I.T. Intern Human Rights Campaign - Washington, DC October 2005 to March 2006 20036  * Replaced keyboards for computers  * Set up audio-visual equipment for presentations.  * Installed hard drives for laptops.  * Removed user access authority from the server; set up a computer for new users and prepared hard drive for new users.  * Took inventory of tower drives and diagnostics and laptop stock. I.T. Intern Center for Workforce Development D.C. Office of Personnel - Washington, DC May 2004 to June 2005 20001  * Assisted in Upgrading Microsoft Windows Office to Professional 2000-2003.  * Assisted in applying computer patches and performed software maintenance; set-up and tested multi-feed color scanner  * Assisted in PC repair and troubleshooting using various diagnostic tools.  * Created and restored system image using Symantec Norton GHOST.  * Installed memory and upgrades.  * Used Access 2003 database to provide a list of employees taking computer courses. B.A Business Administration, University of Maryland May 2004 to May 2004 B.A Information Systems, University of Maryland Oct. 2010 MIS Volunteer Suburban Hospital - Bethesda, MD November 2003 to April 2004 20814    * Performed installations of PCs.  * Configured and upgraded PCs.  * Maintained patient data files on the hospital computer database. Computer Tech Volunteer Holy Cross Hospital - Silver Spring, MD August 2003 to October 2003 20901    * Performed data entry duties.  * Created charts for overtime tracking using Microsoft Excel.  * Recorded overtime hours for employees and copied documents.  * Calculated and recorded overtime hours for the Network Support Center Technicians.    UMUC Bachelor Degrees Skills Ghost, Application software, C++, Acrobat, Adobe acrobat, Microsoft windows, Windows 7, Microsoft windows 7, Windows xp, Microsoft windows xp Additional Information Skills  Operating Systems:  • Microsoft Windows 7  • Microsoft Windows 11  • Microsoft Windows XP Home  • Microsoft Windows XP Professionals  Application Software  • Adobe Acrobat Reader v5 & v6    Utility Software: GHOST v7.5  Programming Language: C++