IT Risk Management | Specialized 2nd Level of Defense Senior Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Risk Management | Specialized 2nd Level of Defense Senior <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Risk Management -2nd Line of Defense New York, NY • Highly experienced IT Governance Analyst with repeated success developing, implementing, and documenting Security Compliance Segregation of Duties (SOD) and Role Base Access Controls (RBAC) procedures which met the strategic operating needs of clients.  • Effectively reviewed business strategies to ensure conformance to IT Security Compliance across multiple platforms including: Active Directory; Oracle; LDAP; RSA; Windows; and, IAM.  • Conducted comprehensive internal audits, identified security risks, justified the development and implementation of new business policies, practices, and procedures.  • Ensured compliance with the regulatory requirements for internal and external controls of PCI and Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) while adhering to the organization's Governance rules and regulations.  • Highly effective communicator with the ability to inform, train, motivate, influence and persuade stakeholders regarding complex IT issues.  • Successful Team Member and Team Leader with the ability to develop goals and objectives reflecting clients' strategic business plans; and, able to motivate team members to achieve goals and objectives by established deadlines.  • Problem solver and self-starter with the ability to develop innovative, appropriate and cost effective solutions which meet the needs of clients.  • Committed to a high level of customer service which enables clients to meet their company's strategic goals while ensuring IT Security and Compliance. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Risk Management | Specialized 2nd Level of Defense Senior Analyst Morgan Stanley - New York, NY February 2018 to Present Level 3  • Designed PowerPoint document for the TIR Entitlement Granularity Assessment workbook for new hires.  • Perform business entitlement granularity assessment for four Wealth Management bank applications.  • Conduct workshops with Business owner and IT owner to assess application current entitlement model and identify gaps requiring remediation.  • Document and track remediation deliverables with follow-up of completion due date.  • Created Remediation Tracker for gaps identified during the assessment process.  • Test remediation and obtain sign-off from Business and IT owner of application. IT Enterprise Information Security - Access Control Risk Assessment Team Lead MUFG - Union Bank - Jersey City, NJ June 2017 to December 2017 • Integrated strategic business procedures into IT Systems which improved overall business operations and ensured IT system security and compliance.  • Created Security Access Profile for SOX and Non-SOX applications, vendor supported systems and platforms.  • Conducted access control risk assessments of roles for applications and systems to determine user privileges; includes testing of SOD, PII and privileged access management for user(s) direct access.  • Validated RBAC and assisted Line of Business (LOB) with IT documentation process.  • Designed internal metric tracker which enabled team to meet project timelines and deliver desired results.  • As Team Leader, ensured project goals and objectives were met in a timely, precise, and professional manner. IT Change Managemen Lead Synchrony Financial - Stamford, CT August 2014 to October 2016 • Acted as Change Agent for the company and updated IT system which enhanced daily business operations and enabled the business reach its strategic goals.  • Managed weekly and quarterly updates for individuals' accesses to systems compliant to IT Security and Identity Access Management (IAM).  • Ensured adherence to change management standards, procedures, and processes using System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in Service Now platform.  • Tracked resolutions related to change with Incident and Problem Management; and, reported on monthly Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).  • Published monthly change management KPIs, reports, and metrics.  • Chaired weekly Change Approval Board (CAB) meetings for approvals/rejections related to change requests. IT Security Analyst UPS - Mahwah, NJ June 2014 to August 2014 • Improved system security: administered security vulnerability checks and risk assessments on individual systems; and, processed requirements and design.  • Detected security deficiencies through a series of formulated testing controls and file integrity monitoring.  • Used CVSS and CVE assessment methods to identify IT risks. IT Change Management / Risk Assessment Tory Burch - New York, NY October 2012 to March 2014 • Improved daily business processes by implementing effective and efficient IT changes for the business.  • Facilitated and approved changes compliant to the security standards of the business during CAB meetings.  • Supervised monthly KPI metrics related to change and incident management.  • Identified security risks for requested changes; and, developed a risk mitigation plan.  • Documented risks for inconsistencies discovered during testing controls based on standard operating procedures.  • Communicated with stakeholders frequently to ensure a sound understanding of IT activities which affected business activities; and, ensured end-user readiness.    Tory Burch - Key Projects and Accomplishments  • Documented integrity approval process of change management for identity access while adhering to the requirements of PCI and ITIL Standards of the organization.  • Provided system support for change management external audit controls for PCI audit 2.1. Security & Compliance Auditor Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company - Montvale, NJ September 1999 to October 2012 • Improved IT Governance systems which resulted in more effective strategic business policies, processes and procedures.  • Managed internal compliance database of over 10,000 users which includes over 100 separate applications and privileges for users based on security controls of the business.  • Documented self-assessment testing in support of four key IT controls which included On-boarding/ Off-boarding; transition user realignments; and, application access revalidations in accordance with the industry standards of SOX, PCI, NYCE and HIPAA.  • Managed database configuration for RBAC. Performed comprehensive review of RBAC user profiles as changes were requested to ensure access level did not exceed least privilege assertions. In addition, this effort supported the SOD periodic reviews to support senior management priority requests.  • Ensured data integrity and accuracy of user profiling for Oracle, Linux, Unix, LDAP, ServiceCenter and other software applications in support of IS Key Controls.  • Identified omitted processes in security models and framework for new and existing projects using SDLC. Documented information and communicated changes to stakeholders.    Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company - Key Projects and Accomplishments  • Created key registry for the development of a new database to maintain all applications for users' access; and, managed the security risk access as required by SOX, HIPAA, PCI, and NYCE systems.  • Designed and implemented database identifying company's firewalls. Included changes and previous addresses to maintain secure accesses and mitigate risk of possible infiltration.  • As PCI key support associate performed three audits which included: supporting documentation; and, remediation on compliance (ROC) for PCI audits 1.2 DSS, 2.0 and 2.1. Education Associates in Information Technology Processing Berkeley College - Waldwick, NJ Skills Microsoft Office, Visio, PowerPoint, SharePoint (10+ years), access, testing, Security, Active Directory