Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Mythics LLC Frederick, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Mythics LLC September 2015 to Present • Develop, review and update Information Security System Documents, System Security Plans (SSP), and Security Control baselines and enhancements in accordance with NIST, FISMA and industry best security practices.  • Categorize system and identified security objectives by applying appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST SP 800-60, SP 800-53, FIPS 199, FIPS 200.  • Prepare and review Authorization to Operate (ATO) packages (i.e. SSP, RA, CMP, ISCP, DRP, IRP and PIA) for systems and facilities using NIST publications.  • Assist with POAM creation and closure, to remediate vulnerabilities of various entities for low, moderate and high impact systems.  • Monitor controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with security requirements.  • Develop security assessment reports and recommendations for mitigating vulnerabilities and exploits in the system.  • Perform periodic and on-demand system audits and vulnerability assessments, including user accounts, applications access, file systems and Web integrity scan to determine compliance.  • Perform Security Assessments to determine if controls are implemented correctly, operating as expected and meeting desired objectives.  • Create ATO package documents; SSP, RA, SAR, POAM reports, etc., based on the security assessments performed on systems.  • Perform the role of Security Control Assessor by reviewing the artifacts and implementations statements provided by the ISSO on a system to determine if the security controls are yielding the desired result. Oracle Database Administrator Cosmoportals Inc, MD July 2013 to September 2015 • Installed and administered Oracle version 10g, 11g on UNIX (Solaris), Linux (RHEL) and Microsoft Windows server platforms.  • Schema -object management and User Security implementation using roles and profiles.  • Applied patches to Oracle Databases using Opatch utility and upgraded databases manually or using the DBUA utility. Upgraded Oracle 10g to 11gR2  • Automated database administration routines, e.g. backup and recovery, data pump export/import activities, schema refresh from different sources, creation and disk usage monitoring  • Monitored, administered and troubleshooting database issues using OEM, Cloud Control, SQL Developer, and SQL plus.  • Performed backup and recovery using RMAN and using Data Pump as supplemental backup method for Logical backups of all major schemas and database objects  • Performed disaster recovery and provided results and recommendations to senior management for consideration and implementation  • Implemented database performance tuning activities using tools like ADDM, AWR, ASH reports and SQL tuning advisor Help Desk Home Depot, GA September 2009 to June 2013 • Provide helpdesk support and resolve problems to the end user's satisfaction  • Monitor and respond quickly and effectively to requests received through the IT helpdesk  • Monitor Service Desk for tickets assigned to the queue and process first-in first-out based on priority  • Modify configurations, utilities, software default settings, etc. for the local workstations  • Utilize and maintain the helpdesk tracking software  • Maintain inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses  • Report issues to the Service Desk for escalation  • Manage PC setup and deployment for new employees using standard hardware, images and software  • Perform timely workstation hardware and software upgrades as required IT Field Support Technician CSIR - GH March 2001 to September 2009 My responsibilities included designing and configuring LAN and Uplinks for new offices, acquiring and installing the right Operating Systems (OS) and Application system software for various departments, offering effective network administration, which also included managing user accounts and mailing lists, repairs and installation of PCs and peripherals. Installation of switches, routers, Ethernet and coax installations. Played a major role in the transformation of analogue character generation systems to digital using simple PCs. Education B. A. in Economics University of Science and Technology August 2000 Skills Security, SQL Certifications/Licenses Security+ May 2018 to May 2021 Oracle Certified Associate March 2015 to Present Oracle RAC 12 November 2018 to Present A valid IT Specialist certification