Delivery Driver Delivery Driver Delivery Driver - All Cargo Express Arlington, TX * Business Analyst with 20 years of experience seeking to improve business processes and systems utilizing expertise with project delivery, and business system analysis.  * Strategic thinker with the ability to effectively function in dynamic and fast-paced environments.  * Consistent recognition from the business for creative problem resolution, root cause analysis and timely delivery.  * Proficient with handling multiple projects, engaging communicator and active listener with excellent organization and planning skills.  * Highly skilled relationship manager vigilant to the needs of clients and company's strategic goals.  * Ability to drive project direction, simplify complex technical concepts as well as ensure requirements were client-driven. Work Experience Delivery Driver All Cargo Express July 2019 to Present Deliver over 125 packages a day for Amazon. Financial Adviser Trainee Edward Jones April 2019 to June 2019 Study for Series 7 examination.  ? Learn different products offered by Edward Jones.  ? Actively demonstrate excellent customer service skills. Project Manager - Information Services Mouser Electronics May 2017 to April 2019 Ensure that the project team understands all tasks and expectations of the project goals.  ? Clearly communicate issues and progress to upper management using a Project Management Template.  ? Spearhead implementation of Foreign Trade Zone, Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), upgrade software, and roll out of new encryption software on laptops worldwide.  ? Track budgets for projects at an hourly rate as well as an overall cost.  ? Prepare project documentation, deliverables, resource allocations, and status.  ? Collaborate with participants to determine project timeline.  ? Account for complete project lifecycle from inception to closure. Financial Adviser Trainee Edward Jones February 2017 to March 2017 Study for Series 7 examination.  ? Learn different products offered by Edward Jones.  ? Actively demonstrate excellent customer service skills Business Analyst XTO Energy September 2011 to February 2017 * Collected and delivered electronic data to paralegals and lawyers.  * Helped law department schedule and accurately document pending court/outside counsel requests.  * Installed/Supported new software to assist in the tracking of legal holds as well as the processing of electronically collected data. This project was completed one month early, as well as 20% under budget.  * This saved the law department more than 75% of legal matter fees since many of the processes could now be done in house.  * Served as liaison between the IT department and the Law department regarding the needs of the lawyers as well as any changes that were being implemented from the IT department.  * Assisted law department with any desktop/iPhone issues on an as needed basis. Senior Information Security Analyst XTO Energy May 2006 to September 2011 * Experience with SQL databases  ? Database security as well as end user security  * Worked with the entire IT department to ensure all applications/databases were secured while not impeding the daily work of the business.  * Served as liaison between internal auditors, external auditors and the IT department, ensuring that all audit requests were completed in a timely manner.  * Documented security procedures for any new software that was introduced into company environment.  * Trained Security Provisioning team on how to setup provision users in the new applications.  * Provisioned user access to over 200 applications. IT Auditor Burlington Resources January 2001 to May 2006 * Assisted with Sarbanes Oxley testing activities related to annual IT Attestation.  * Managed and performed IT audit reviews according to audit program.  * Served as consultant to IT Management helping to identify and address areas of risk.  * Performed data query and report writing to support the Audit Services department.    IT Security Administrator  * Provisioned user access to over 250 applications.  * Worked Business Application Owners to ensure that all access was appropriate.  * Represented Information Security Team on application and system implementation project teams.  * Managed client calls assigned to our team via a call tracking system. Education Master in Business Administration in Business Administration Regis University May 2006 Bachelors of Business Administration in Business Computers New Mexico State University December 2000