Jr Network Security Engineer Jr Network <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Jr Network Security Engineer - Comcast Tampa, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Jr Network Security Engineer Comcast August 2017 to Present Maintained and troubleshoot a wide range of client problems in addition to Routers, Switches, Access points and peripheral equipment, i.e., Firewall, VPN, VLAN, DNS, and load balancers.  Support primary and backup Edge network For Multiple businesses and troubleshoot packet loss, port  security issues, content filtering, and IP route issues.  Provides in-depth analysis of packet traces and network equipment statistics to troubleshoot issues.  Performing technical analysis involving threat event data and evaluating malicious activity.  Managed Security devices including Cisco Meraki security appliances, Fortinet, Sonic Wall, WatchGuard  firewalls, and adaptive security appliances (ASA).  Managed Routers including Juniper, Peplink Load Balancing, and Cisco Meraki.  Managed Switches including Cisco Meraki, Fortinet, HP/Aruba. and Cisco.  Managed Access Points including Cisco Meraki, FortiAP, Aero Hive, HP/Aruba, Sonic Point, and Mojo. Network Support analyst April 2016 to August 2017 Frontier communication  Troubleshoot VoIP telephone, Optical network terminal, video, Wan and LAN connection for small business.  Monitored & analyzed network usage, links and provisioned bandwidths for clients.  Configure block of static IP Address for small to midsize businesses.  Utilizes various networking tools such as AMS, Axsvision, Panorama to identify fiber network status. IT support January 2016 to April 2016 Frontier communication  Provide technical assistance for end-user support, resolving technical issues and provides technical  assistance for Window and Mac OSX operating systems.  Accountable for analyzing, troubleshooting and supporting the customer with Internet connectivity issues as they relate to their frontier FIOS services.  Utilize LogMeIn application for remote support.  Provide remote support for laptop, desktop, mobile devices, Exchange 2007, 2010, Wi-Fi support, and Port  Forward/Opening.  Troubleshoot technical issues in LAN, WLAN, VoIP, and other systems. Education M.S in design, and Risk University of Tampa August 2017 to May 2019 Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Cissp, Siem, Nist, Cybersecurity, It Security, Comptia, Network Security, Information Assurance Links http://linkedin.com/lobensonleroy http://twitter.com/BenLeRoy10 Additional Information Skills  Skilled communicator, able to successfully work with wide range of end-users to diagnose, secure, and  resolve complex technical issues.    Technical knowledge on AWS EC2, IAM, S3, VPC.    General knowledge of networking and security concepts, various tools and solutions including firewalls,  endpoint protection, BYOD and Mobile Device Management platforms.    Exposure to security compliance requirements/frameworks such as ISO 27001, GDPR, PCI/DSS, and NIST  800-53.    Understanding threat intelligence, ATTack Framework, Cyber kill chain.    Experience in network Security- LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, VPN, ACL, IDS/PS Wireshark/tcpdump, Fortinet, Cisco  meraki.    Vulnerability assessment tools (Metasploit framework Qualys, Tenable, Nmap, Nessus, and Nexpose).    Basic knowledge in scripting languages (Python and Powershell).    Incident Response tools (FTK Imager, FireEye RedLine, Volatility, LastActivityView and Xplico).    Experience with reviewing raw log files, data correlation, and analysis (i.e. firewall, network flow, IDS, siem,  and system logs).    Knowledgeable in Incident response & digital forensics (IR life cycle, incident handling, network monitoring,  and digital forensics).