IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist - Department of Energy Knoxville, TN Work Experience IT Specialist Department of Energy November 2018 to Present • Active Directory Administration  • Microsoft Exchange Administration  • Utilize Splunk for security operations  • Managing Email Encryption and Signing for DoE employees  • Utilizing MIM (Microsoft Identity Manager) to manage users account access to applications and AD security groups and distribution groups  • Administer MobileIron Email solution for company email on iPhones and Androids  • Administering VMWare Virtual Desktop Solutions \ VSPhere  • Utilize ePO for administration of McAfee Endpoint Encryption Cyber Security Analyst / eCommerce / Application Security FedEx World Technology Center September 2017 to October 2018 • Utilize a variety of scanning tools to scan for vulnerabilities on eCommerce websites and internal web application servers such as Kali Linux, McAfee Vulnerability Manager, Nessus, and HP Fortify for DAST and SAST  • Monitor ticketing queues to rescan hosts to verify vulnerabilities have been resolved  • Onboarding new applications into HPE Fortify for secure source code scanning  • Patching scanning servers and console servers to remediate vulnerabilities  • DAST Scanning and triaging vulnerabilities  • Working with developers to explain where in their code the vulnerabilities reside First Tennessee Bank HQ September 2016 to September 2017 Identity Management / IAM Governance    • Utilize SailPoint to provision and de-provision access to all applications and other items such as network shares. Also, provisioned and de-provisioned physical and soft tokens for VPN access via RSA.  • Create HP Quality Center tickets on issues that need to be resolved in SailPoint and saw them through in a DEV environment. After a successful resolution, a Change Record was scheduled to get the change moved to production.  • Acting Change Control Manager and attended weekly Change Advisory Board meetings to find out what went wrong if anything and then closed out the successful CRs  • Quarterly certification of all users to ensure they have only the access they need  • Weekly fine tuning of SailPoint to weed out old unneeded items  • Utilize ePO for administration of McAfee Endpoint Encryption and McAfee DLP IT Specialist FedEx World Tech Center November 2015 to September 2016 • Work on the VDI Team to publish virtual applications and desktops using Citrix XenApp  • Work with the Laptop Encryption team to encrypt all mobile devices across FedEx Global using a combination of BitLocker and McAfee Drive Encryption all managed by an ePO Server.  • Assist end users in getting laptops encrypted or various other troubleshooting items  • Work with the VeriSign team to approve SSL certificates for FedEx Global and assist users with SSL questions Systems Engineer United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) September 2008 to November 2015 • Lead a three-person team of Implementation Experts in the deployment of McAfee Endpoint Encryption onto US DA assets across the US  • Maintain a Multiple Server / Multiple Database architecture  • Worked closely with USDA Security teams in the planning, design, and implementation of the  • Maintain 29 different agencies Active Directory Connections to the database  • Tweak the system for optimal performance  • Train USDA Administrators across 29 different agencies on the administration of their portion Project Manager/Systems Administrator SafeBoot Mobile Data Security Columbus OH - Columbus, OH July 2007 to September 2008 • Design and implement SafeBoot Mobile Security server and database.  • Design a plan and implementation of SafeBoot on all company owned mobile assets.  • Lead a three-person team to implement SafeBoot across all company owned mobile assets.  • Audit the database regularly for reporting.  • Install upgrades and patches as needed.  • Tweak the system for optimal performance.  • Monitor usage to help reduce performance degradation.  • Train Helpdesk and Field Staff on use of SafeBoot database and reporting tools.  • Documentation of all SOP for the administration functions of the SafeBoot database. OIS National Help Desk Omnicare Inc - Columbus, OH October 2006 to July 2007 • Assisted end users with various needs ranging from password resets to LAN/WAN outages.  • Accepted extra responsibilities that included the administration of our network monitoring  • system (Big Brother) to Omnicare Systems Notices, training new Helpdesk staff members  • Worked closely with Systems Administrators during critical system outages Education A.S. in Computer Networking Systems and Administration ITT Technical Institute - Knoxville, TN Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, ENCRYPTION, EXCHANGE, CITRIX, XENAPP, METASPLOIT, NESSUS, NMAP, LINUX, MICROFOCUS, MICROSOFT EXCHANGE, WINDOWS SERVER 2008, DOCUMENTATION, TRAINING