Information Technology ( IT) Analyst Information Technology (<span class="hl">IT</span>) <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Technology ( IT) Analyst Odenton, MD I am interested in becoming a new team member of your company. I can offer wide range of IT experience of helpdesk customer support. If given the opportunity I will bring value to your company and your IT support team. I look forward to having the opportunity to connect with you personally and discuss my compatibility. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology ( IT) Analyst Gannett Company Inc - Silver Spring, MD April 1998 to May 2019 • Provided Enterprise support via Teams, Skype, email, and phone.  • Provided first level Windows server support as it relates to monitoring system heart beat and health via SCOM, troubleshoot hardware and software issues, and escalating if necessary. Perform visual inspection of all servers by walking the computer room floor once a shift. Notify management and application owner when an issue occurs that requires downtime or corrective action. Monitored server backups, ensuring data protection, and recoverability via Veritas NetBackup.  • Monitored WAN via SolarWinds. Initiated contact to the respective site regarding connectivity issue identified via SolarWinds. Log service now ticket and perform initial triage with user at the site. Contact the Network personnel on-call for assistance when needed.   • Provided active directory support by creating, administering, and deleting user accounts using active directory users and computers. Also created and administered distribution, and security groups.  • Provided IBM iSeries midrange system support by creating, administering, and deleting user profile. Administered application security on the iSeries for all users. Granted access Halcyon Document Management. Submitted, monitored, and verified completion of backups via Backup, Recovery, and Media Services (BRMS) software.  • Assisted in a centralization project to migrate 68 sites iSeries midrange systems to into 3 centralize datacenters.  • Assisted user with Desktop issue such as unable to print, application not launching, keyboard issue, and unable to log into their laptop or desktop.  • Created procedures and trained helpdesk (Tier 1/Tier 2) staff Service Now Incidents, Changes, and Problem tickets ensuring the issue is resolved to the user satisfaction. Also familiar with JIRA. Telecommunication Center Operatior US Army Reserve - Baltimore, MD 1996 to 2003 - US Army Reserve)  • Coordinate and scheduled military personnel, equipment, and goods movements throughout the theatre from Croatia, Hungary, and Budapest to Germany utilizing the Standard Tracking Army Communications Computer System (STACCS). Enforced computer system policies and guidelines all subsystems access by multiple users.    SECRET security clearance  Cargo Specialist - MOC 88H (SSG - US Army Reserve)  • Trained lower enlisted soldiers on all equipment used to move cargo such as cranes, 6k and 10k fork lifts, pallet jacks. How to properly load and unload Conex containers and the belly of a cargo ship.  • Deployed to provide logistics for personnel, vehicles, and goods between Croatia, Hungary, and Budapest utilizing Standard Tracking Army Communications Computer System (STACCS).  • Deployed to provide logistics of supplies in San Salvador, El Salvador. Admin Coordinator/Facility Security Officer (FSO) Arca Systems - Columbia, MD May 1997 to March 1998 Liaison to the Defense Investigative Service Clearance Office (DISCO). Initiated and verified personnel security clearances. Assigned proper access levels and security badges to individuals. Provided communication security, control, and accountability of Cryptographic Controlled items. Received, safeguarded, maintained, and issued, classified items and information. Maintained security records, Visitor Authorization Requests (VAR) on individuals visiting the facility. Telecommunication Center Operator National Security Agency (NSA) - Fort George G Meade, MD 1989 to 1996 - MOC 72G (US Army Active Duty)  • Provided technical expertise in system operations to ensure continuous, reliable, accurate, and rapid communications. Worked closely with Technical support in troubleshooting outages of systems or down circuit.  • Monitored, operated, and perform troubleshooting of the Critic Distribution System (CDS).  • Electronic processing of messages utilizing NEEDLETALK and ABOVEBOARD software ensure all messages were error free, properly formatted and routed to the appropriate sites.  • Processed incoming and outgoing data using KG-84. Responsible for cryptographic key management and the proper loading and destroying of crypto keys. Education High school or equivalent Skills Studying for A+ certification, Data Center Operations, Technical Support, System Management, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, Comptia Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E6 Certifications/Licenses Studying for A+ Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/g8sfjk6viehuqtmt Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.