Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Planet Home Lending Bel Air, MD Work Experience Information Security Analyst Planet Home Lending - Columbia, MD Present In conjunction with Infrastructure, Network, and Desktop Services, monitor the security event management systems, and make recommendations for changes to IT security controls to senior management.    Serve as the subject matter expert on existing and planned security devices to ensure maximum functionality is utilized.  Audit the management practices of company security devices (firewalls, intrusion prevention, web content etc.) to facilitate enhancement of security posture.  Analyze and assess the IT infrastructure for compliance with Federal, State, Regulatory and contractual requirements.  Create, manage, and maintain user security awareness. Develops security awareness messages and communicates throughout the organization. Cyber Security Analyst Teledyne Technologies - Thousand Oaks, CA January 2012 to May 2019 Working with other Security Team members, provide 24/7 support on all cyber- security related activities. Team serves as the main point of contact for investigating and resolving security-related issues.  Implement and support several security related system wide tools:  SIEM ( security incident event management) system.  Application Whitelisting system.  EDR (endpoint detection and response) system.  • Provide support as new acquisitions were being migrated into the domain to ensure their existing infrastructure did not introduce unknown risks.  • Maintain database of existing I.O.C.'s from several sources of intel (private and government)  • Leveraged use of security metrics to mitigate vulnerability by analyzing historical threats, addressing risks/gaps/violations and implementing improved protocols.  • Trained end users on security processes, procedures and risks via the company's security education program. I.T. Manager and Facility Security Officer Teledyne Energy Systems Inc - Hunt Valley, MD September 2001 to January 2012 Planned, directed and coordinated network-related projects within multidisciplinary teams. Accomplished project goals on time, on budget and in alignment with corporate objectives.  Led the implementation of business-critical IT initiatives:  • Standardized operating systems, applications, and hardware to update the local facilities infrastructure with no impact to business.  • Coordinated with corporate I.T. to ensure available applications were being leveraged by the business where needed.  • Supported company expansion of more than 25% after being awarded a multi-year government contract.  • Member of team that successfully bid on acquisition of a government business that doubled overall sales, and consequently supported the integration of that business into the core.  • Developed and implemented several projects that increased company efficiency, improved ease of use, and reduced cost of operations.  • Provided security oversight for classified multi-year government programs spanning multiple locations. Education A.A. degree in Business Essex Community College - Baltimore, MD Skills SECURITY, DLP, IDS, IPS, SIEM, INTRUSION, DATABASE, LINUX, FORENSIC, Active Directory, Microsoft Office, training Certifications/Licenses Class D Security License