Technician Technician Technician Worcester, MA Dependable professional interested in full time IT Support Analyst position utilizing experience including Biotech automated plant startup applying analytical, technical, and attention to detail QA skills with emphasis on customer support, break fix and focus on continuous improvement working in team environment. Work Experience Technician Hopkinton Drug - Hopkinton, MA December 2018 to March 2019 Support company IT infrastructure and applications including working with vendors relating to Point of Sale and store computer outages. Processed Compounding Pharmacy customer orders, cleaning and duties as needed. IT Security Analyst Remote Wells Fargo - Worcester, MA April 2018 to October 2018 Contractor - APEX Systems)  • Responsible for Enterprise Active Directory cleanup effort for migration into new IAM System  • Worked with Line of Business owners updating (PBL) Plain Business Language descriptions for active AD Groups.  • Identified and escalated security risks relating to AD Groups within scope of project following up on necessary mitigations plans and corrective actions.  • Assigned to projects requiring strong attention to detail meeting deadlines submitting requests for on- boarding over 4,000 File Share groups. IT Security Administrator MassMutual Financial Group - Springfield, MA May 2016 to February 2018 Contractor - KForce)  • Responsible for Active Directory cleanup project.  • Work with internal Auditors remediating discrepancies identified in past Audits.  • Pull reporting from Active Directory and LDAP researching identified Groups and Service accounts locating owners including documenting descriptions and deleting identified obsolete accounts.  • Respond to escalated requests from business units to resolve access problems resolving user access issues, clearly document resolution and updating information within AD groups / accounts.  • Assisting with project rollout for new Access Management Certification for over 20,000 AD Groups and accounts.  • Provision user access to various systems including Active Directory.  • Processed requests in legacy system dropping queue down from over 400 requests over SLA meeting slated 3-day SLA. IT Security System Administrator BJ's Wholesale Club Home Office January 2016 to April 2016 Contractor - KForce)  • Active Directory account administration creates, modify and maintain user accounts in enterprise environment adhering to corporate Information Security Standards.  • Create requested AD Group Accounts within listed OU /Group Scope and /Group Type.  • Pull reporting from PeopleSoft for termination account access removal to multiple systems and applications including Active Directory and Exchange Server.  • Respond to escalated requests from business units to resolve access problems resolving user access issues, clearly document resolution for building knowledgebase.  • Provision RSA Remote VPN Account assisting with roll out and testing RSA Soft Tokens. Security Analyst Citizens Bank - Riverside, RI October 2014 to December 2015 Contractor - TEKsystems)  • Account Security Provisioning and removal to multiple systems and applications including Active Directory and Exchange Server.  • Obtain required Entitlement approvals for provisioning access to restricted AD Groups /File Share Access /Exchange Mailbox and secure DL-Groups.  • Provided assistance with projects as needed including on boarding new IBM associates into new Service Desk roles.  • RSA Remote VPN Account creation and support.  • Worked Helpdesk requests within ITSM system and communicated on issues following up on solutions. Security Administrator Remote Bank of America - Providence, RI March 2012 to March 2014 Contractor - TEKsystems)  • Provision & revoke associate and new hire access to over 50 HL&I vendor/client applications & databases  • Assisted associates and new hires with initial system sign-on and password change procedures  • Identified as SME to a complex Lender Process System, assisting end users with system login issues relating to server synchronization issues.  • Spearheaded projects on boarding new hires to required systems within a stringent time constraint.  • Wrote knowledgebase procedures to various systems as requested. Extrusion Operator Web Industries - Dayville, CT November 2010 to September 2011 - Non IT Role  • Worked with team of extrusion operators responsible for running equipment meeting scheduled production goals. Ensured quality testing of final product was performed, recorded, and within customer specification prior to shipping. Application Researcher CVS Caremark - Woonsocket, RI February 2010 to August 2010 Contractor - Insight Global)  • Worked with Application Senior Support Personnel and Project Managers supporting global migration.  • Researched applications and scheduled testing for enterprise consolidation project. IT Support Analyst United Natural Foods, Inc - Dayville, CT August 2008 to September 2009 • Provided IT support to 10,000 end users in all company locations, including field sales representatives.  • Utilized various remote logon tools and software for the purpose of troubleshooting and repairing PCs.  • Supported users on Windows OS ranging from 2000 NT up to Vista (MS Office 2000, 2003 and 2007).  • Monitored Business Systems, Network, Servers including providing End User support for all IT issues.  • Critical Incident Management facilitation for any system failures during weekend shifts.  • Clearly communicated pertinent information to IT Management with necessary outage updates during downtime including immediate notification upon system restoration. Support Analyst I Mohegan Sun Casino - Uncasville, CT March 2007 to August 2008 • Functioned as primary point of contact for all internal customer support calls at level I support for analysis and/or resolution of customer issues.  • Utilized appropriate computer system diagnostic tools and applications including RACF to resolve problem.  • Documented information clearly acting as liaison between End Users & IT Staff escalating service requests to responsible support staff including communicating information as needed for problem resolution.  • Assigned extra tasks assisting the implementation of various new processes and technologies. Help Desk Level I Computer Science Corporation - Norwich, CT January 2007 to March 2007 Contractor)  • Performed Level I support within an ISO regulated helpdesk environment including escalating service requests to responsible system owners.  • Followed up on closure ensuring successful closure in meeting committed SLAs. Support Analyst I EAP&D Law Firm LLP - Providence, RI July 2006 to December 2006 Contractor)  • Diligently provided "End Users" quality service support with strong emphasis on meeting SLA's.  • Responsibilities included but not limited to; assessing and resolving various networking, hardware and software related complaints closing work orders in a timely manner or escalating to proper level for resolution ensuring customer satisfaction. Support Specialist Amazing Charts - North Kingstown, RI December 2004 to June 2006 • Provided Electronic Medical Record (EMR) software technical support to licensed Medical Practices.  • Performed troubleshooting on clients' software and/or network connectivity problems via phone, Remote Desktop and live chat support.  • Developed standard documentation practice procedures coordinating with CEO for the purpose of building a solid database to track and eliminate recurring end user problems. Startup Engineer / Manufacturing Associate II / MFS Planner Scheduler Wyeth - West Greenwich, RI April 1996 to November 2004 • Worked through initial state of art "Automated" plant startup phase directly under direction of Project Managers, Engineers to perform validation of process equipment and identify/troubleshoot discrepancies to meet aggressive scheduled milestones required for FDA product approval.  • Chosen as department SME during implementation of automated ERP (Equipment Planning Resource) and Trackwise (Non-conformance and Corrective Action) Software packages.  • Provided startup support of CMMS system Maximo scheduling to schedule preventative maintenance of equipment with-in a cGMP regulated environment.  • Demonstrated value-based leadership ability in rapidly expanding manufacturing area with automated equipment, process, and training challenges. Education Certification in PC Networking Operations and Support Gibbs College - Cranston, RI December 2004 to July 2006 Skills Servers: Microsoft Windows AD 2003, 2008, 2012, Exchange, Dell ARS Active Directory (Quest) • Software Applications Support: Microsoft Office, Microsoft Visio, Adobe, Peoplesoft, SAP, O365, Azure, OKTA • IT Service Management Systems: ITSM, Remedy, TrackWise, HEAT, Landesk, Maximo (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+