Technician Technician Sahuarita, AZ I am looking for a Position in a Successful Company that Seeks an Ambitious and Career Conscious person who wishes to set himself into a Career where acquired skills and education will be utilized toward continued Growth and Advancement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technician Burroughs, NV October 2016 to February 2017 Repaired Atm's, casino machines, money order machines, cash vaults. Diagnosed and repaired, installed and troubleshot network issues. Served greater northern Nevada. Technician Glory Global Solutions January 2014 to January 2016 Repaired and Installed Cash Dispenser and Recycler Machines in all major Banks and Credit Unions. Setup and Maintained machines on Customers network using windows TC/IP. Worked with Bank IT department to resolve connectivity issues. Maintained Customers machines in greater San Diego area. Maintained Van Inventory of over 200,000.00. Technician / IT Analyst Xerox, Professional Document Solutions, CO February 2006 to December 2011 Repaired and Installed Xerox copy machines. Factory Trained and Certified on more than 50 Color, B/W, and Solid Ink Xerox Printers. Installed and Setup machines on Customers network using windows TC/IP. Ordered and Inventoried Parts and Supplies. Technician Eaton Sales and Service, CO November 2004 to August 2005 Install and Repair of Electrical and Mechanical components at gas stations. Troubleshot Electronic circuits of petroleum pumps, dispensers and point of sale systems. Repaired fueling facilities for the City and Federal Government. Service Manager / Technician Ultimate Electronics, CO October 1993 to April 2004 Managed Service department and Corresponded with Customers. Repair Computers and Electronics at the Software and Component levels. Provide Technical support to Customers. Security System Technician Secure Technologies July 1992 to June 1993 Repaired and Installed Security, Fire, and Intercom systems in Commercial facilities.    United States Air Force  Heavy Equipment Operator with Honorable Discharge Education Associate in Electronics Engineering ITT Technical Institute-Los Angeles - CA