Information Security Expert and IT Systems Administrator Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Expert and <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator Experienced Enterprise Technologist Portland, OR Candidate does not contract. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Expert and IT Systems Administrator Intel Corporation - Hillsboro, OR April 2007 to Present Systems administrator working on SUSE linux, Xen virtualization, AWS instances, ubuntu linux, Oracle database products, mysql, Apache configurations, Cisco IOS switch configurations, LDAP, nginx.     Programming for small projects in python, php, and perl.     Rollouts of security updates on hundreds of systems and software updates to software on Linux platforms. Configuration management with puppet, chef and Ansible. Configuration management and file management with git.     Modern DevOps flow using configuration managers and CI systems to automate releasing and testing.    Vmware ESXi 4 to 6.7 experience and HA configurations with Vcenter. SANs and storage to support vmware instances.    Experience with Windows Server in various versions from Windows Server 2008 2012 and 2016. Systems Programmer/ Analyst Hewitt Packard - Vancouver, WA June 2005 to April 2007 Software engineer in automated testing and lab/environment writing unit tests for Ant in Java for software projects. Extensive software engineering and QA engineering development.     Migration of software applications from older versions of Windows 2000 onto Redhat Linux. Systems administration scripts in perl. Education BS in Computer Science Oregon State University - Corvallis, OR September 1999 to June 2004 Skills Vmware (8 years), Perl (10+ years), Oracle (8 years), MySQL (10+ years), PHP (10+ years), Python (7 years), Linux (10+ years), Windows Server (10+ years), Gerrit SCM (6 years), Jenkins (9 years), SELinux (9 years), People Management (7 years), OpenStack (2 years), Puppet (3 years), Ansible (5 years), Cisco, Shell Certifications/Licenses RHCE June 2016 RHCE - Redhat Certified Engineer Additional Information I am looking for full time, direct employment with a new employer. Not in search of contract positions or temporary positions please respect that.