Senior Network/Systems Analyst Senior Network/Systems <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Network/Systems Analyst Houston, TX Highly experienced Network/Systems Engineer and Administrator, adept in latest virtualization technology with excellent administration, management, support service and communication skills committed to quality and excellence.  Extensive years of knowledge and success implementing and managing Servers, LANs, WANs and WLANs utilizing emerging technologies.  Highly motivated and self-driven, prepared to provide innovative and cost effective technology solutions for today's demanding business needs. Work Experience Senior Network/Systems Analyst Members Choice Credit Union December 2018 to May 2019 • Maintained network infrastructure equipment in 3 Data Centers, Cisco Routers/Switches, FortiGate Firewall, Dell and HP Servers.  • Managed VMware and VMware Horizon VDI clients, update Parent server as needed after patching and software updates.  • Installed and configured the following ManageEngine products, ADManager Plus, ADAudit Plus, ADSelfService Plus for managing Active Directory and ServiceDesk Plus for ticketing system.  • Installed and configured Splunk to monitor company infrastructure and applications.  • Worked on project to replace all Cisco switches, Cisco Meraki AP to FortiSwitches and FortiAPs managed directly from FortiGate firewall.  • Installed and managed FortiNAC to secure and allow only company owned equipment on the network.  • Managed Rapid Recovery backup for all virtual servers, restore files as needed.  • Create AD accounts and Office 365 mailboxes for new hires, create new and manage existing GPO as needed for security and business needs.  • Managed company mobile devices using IBM MaaS360.  • Installed and configured Thycotic Secret Server to protect privileged accounts.  • Provide support to Houston corporate office and 9 Branches within Katy Texas. Regional Infrastructure Specialist EagleBurgmann January 2018 to September 2018 • Maintained VMware ESXi Hosts, Windows 2008 and 2012 virtualize servers  • Data Center support for regional admins, assisted firmware upgrades on Checkpoint firewalls, Cisco routers, switches, rack and stack HP/Dell servers and patch cable management  • Provided remote support for 7 locations in the United States, 3 in Canada and 6 in South America  • Managed and maintained Hitachi backup technologies and policies, restore files as needed  • Creating new AD accounts and Exchange Mailboxes, AD cleanup consists of deleting old computer objects, disabled user accounts, user groups, stale DNS records and inactive group policies  • Upgraded all HP EliteBook Tablets, Dell Latitude/Precision Laptops and Desktops to Windows 10 using SCCM  • Provided SAP and Hyperion support, troubleshoot issues and application installation  • Supported Microsoft Dynamic CRM application and Outlook add-on  • RSA Token Administration, assign hard and soft tokens, run monthly report and coordinate with end users to replace expired tokens  • Maintained inventory of mobile devices, tablets, laptops, desktops using SAP and SCCM  • Create and delete Microsoft Skype accounts as needed  • Support VPN connectivity issues for remote users  • Supported ShoreTel VOIP phone system for local and remote offices, configured new phones and assigning DIDs  • Configured and setup ADP timeclocks for local and remote sites  • Create new badges and delete old as necessary  • Setup WAP for corporate and guest network  • Worked on local and regional EagleBurgmann ticketing systems and participated on the evaluation of ServiceNow ticketing system  • Managed company iPhones using Mobileiron  • Successfully tested Azure with Germany, worked with regional admins setting up 2nd server in the Houston Data Center to test Microsoft Intune before moving away from Mobileiron. Systems Administrator II / Network Engineer The Broadleafgroup / Reliable IT January 2015 to July 2017 • Managed and supported 16 banks throughout Texas, provided daily remote support to the bank users using Kaseya, Remote Desktop, Dameware and VNC.  • Supported banking applications such as Fiserv, Fedline and Jack Henry suites, performed quarterly updates as required.  • Migrated all clients from physical servers to a virtualization environment using VMware ESXi Hosts and setup HP or Nimble storage for datastores  • Installed manage Trustwave UTM, Fortinet, Network Box firewalls and IDS for 24 monitoring, reviewed and addressed alerts from firewalls and IDS appliances.  • Managed, monitored, and scheduled batch jobs/backups data entry data recovery/restore using Veeam for VMs and Datto for VMs and physical servers.  • Monitored systems for performance and availability, respond to alerts and system outages after hours.  • Installed and configured VMs for Windows Servers 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2012R2, 2016 using the Initial Configuration Task and the Server Manager.  • Managed and maintained Citrix XenApp 6.5 servers, Director, DC and StoreFront.  • Office 365 and Microsoft Azure Active Directory administration.  • Windows 7 deployment and User files and settings migration using Windows Deployment Services Server WDS within the Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Deployment Toolkit MDT , Windows Automated Installation Kit WAIK , Windows System Image Manager WSIM , and User State Migration Tool USMT  • Trouble shoot, diagnosed, and resolved SW/HW problems on various environments.  • Tracked Software and Hardware inventories.  • Tracked and Logged incident problems relating to computer hardware and software, and networks, for resolution.  • Used AutoTask Ticketing System to track customer requests.  • Capable of performing system administration duties including software and hardware installations.  • Worked with Company Vendors for SW/HW problem resolution with VMware, Veeam, Cisco, Microsoft, Trustwave, Fortinet and Network Box.  • Managed user accounts and user access on Windows systems and Mac OS X Servers.  • Managed Microsoft Exchange 2008 and 2013 servers for multiple banks in Texas  • Active Directory installation and configuration, promote new Windows Server to a Domain Controller, add roles and services, and account management.  • Added/Replaced computer HW devices such as Power Supply, Motherboard, Serial ATA disk drives, memory, graphic cards, and external peripherals. IT Technical Lead PRECISION DRILLING - Dubai, AE February 2013 to December 2014 • Managed a team of 5 Desktop technicians, assigned and prioritize daily work orders  • Provided support for 18 remote sites in the U.S, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Dubai, Kuwait and Kurdistan  • Installed Cisco C20, C60 and Crestron Audio Video equipment for 10 plus remote sites for video conferencing  • Setup Apple iPhone 5/5S, 6, iPads and MacBook Air Laptops with dual OS for all Executives in U.S corporate office using VMWare Fusion  • Setup new office in Cresson Texas for 50 plus users, relocated trucking yard from Midland to new trucking yard in Odessa Texas and setup new office in Villahermosa Mexico  • Refreshed Cisco switches and routers for all remote sites in the U.S  • Upgraded Cisco ASA 5505 and 5510 to Palo Alto firewalls  • Implemented daily checklist for all IT network equipment, including daily inspection of AC in MDF and IDF, weekly inspection of company vehicles  • Installed Cisco WAPs in multiple remote sites in the U.S and Mexico  • Coordinate with Calgary IT on monthly change control and provide test results after change control have been completed  • Upgraded Corporate office video conference rooms from fixed microphones to Clear One wireless microphones  • Replaced Crestron remotes in Corporate office video conference rooms with iPads running Crestron application  • Installed Steelcase RoomWizard to schedule conference rooms in multiple remote offices  • Keep an accurate inventory of all IT assets, Dell Latitude laptops, Dell OptiPlex desktop, Dell Precision workstations, Apple iPhones, iPads, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, Cisco switches, Cisco routers, Cisco WAPs and RSA tokens  • Setup Ricoh copiers to scan to network share folder for Payroll in multiple remote sites for Houston Corporate Payroll access, eliminating email attachments  • Help configure and allocate Mitel phones for remote offices  • Lead support for Executives during Board of Director Meetings  • Lead support for Managements during Leadership Training in Houston Technical Support Center  • Coordinate with ISPs to install local internet for remote offices to reduce site to site VPN traffic back to Calgary Corporate office IT Manager / IT Supervisor / Senior Network Engineer / IT Security FOSTER WHEELER USA CORPORATION March 2006 to February 2013 • Managed all IT responsibilities for a 2,600 user, 17 location environment - data and voice infrastructure, user helpdesk, application development/support,  • Managed a staff of 22 employees  • Responsible for a budget of 10.5 million USD  • Administration of 185 physical and virtual servers ranging from Windows Server 2003 to Windows Server 2008 R2  • Procured and managed the installation of HP blade servers and Dell blade servers to move to a virtualization environment.  • Migrated over 1,600 users from Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2010 and added Enterprise Vault for email retention defined by corporate SLT.  • Managed and coordinated the office build out in Bogota Colombia with all Cisco equipment including a Cisco VOIP phone system.  • Procured, configured and installed Cisco ASA 5510 and Catalyst 3750 POE switches in Salt Lake City, including a new ShoreTel VOIP phone system.  • Procured, configured and installed Cisco 5510 ASA and Catalyst 3750 POE switches in Bogota Colombia, coordinated with home office (Houston) and (Bogota) to connect the 2 PBX phone systems to eliminate international charges.  • Procured and managed the installation of McAfee IDS appliance  • Procured and managed the installation of Damballa appliance to protect internal network from botnet security breaches, advanced malware, advanced persistent threats and targeted attacks  • Procured and refreshed over 1,300 Dell OptiPlex GX520 to GX990 workstations, 300 Dell Latitude E6420 and E6230 laptops  • Relocated 2 trailers at BP job site in East Chicago Indiana for 100 plus users  • Installed network for 3rd trailer at BP job site for 75 plus union workers, setup 2 network Kronos time clock and 3rd time clock at the BP job site entrance to connect back to Clinton, NJ JDE system  • Procured and installed Barracuda Web App Filter appliance  • Rolled out Safend to lock down USB ports on all company workstations and laptops to protect CSI and company's patented delayed coker technology  • Procured and managed the installation of Barracuda Web Application Firewall 460  • Procured and managed dual Cisco ASA 5520 and Cisco Catalyst 3750 POE switches on the DMZ to allow external vendors and client access to the company's ProjectWise document management system and SharePoint 2010 Foundation.  • Upgraded all FWUSA Domain Controllers from Server 2003 to Server 2008  • Installed an EMC NS120 SAN with 20Tb of usable space and added additional 40TB of storage by end of 2010, CIFS and Microsoft Exchange data was migrated to the SAN, created iSCSI VLAN to accommodate faster connection to Exchange servers.  • Replaced Checkpoint firewalls with dual Cisco ASA 5520s, configured secondary ASA for failover when primary ASA detects network or ISP interruption  • Migrated over 1,600 users from Microsoft Exchange 2003 to Microsoft Exchange 2010 and setup new OWA for Exchange 2010  • Reconfigured inbound/outbound Internet mail flow by creating an SMTP gateway in the DMZ and added a Barracuda 600 SPAM filter appliance,  • Implementation of Exchange RPC over HTTP  • Installed and configured Blackberry Enterprise Server for Exchange 2003 / 2010  • Configured and established 6 site to site VPN connections from home office (Houston) to remote offices and job sites using Cisco ASA 5520, 5510 and 5505.  • Installed and managed a Citrix XenServer 6.0 farm  • Coordinated with vendor on the installation of a structured cabling system in a newly constructed 300,000 sq. ft building (Energy Center I) in West Houston.  • Managed the installation of a new Cisco data network using dual Catalyst 6509 core switches and stackable 3750 switches at edge locations; established 5 site to site VPN connection from remote offices back to Houston  • Coordinated the installation a high availability Avaya 8730 VOIP phone system with Avaya Modular Messaging and approximately 1500 supported extensions IT Supervisor / Senior Network Administrator Cendant, Trilegiant, Affiliated Computer Services July 1998 to March 2006 • Servers, workstations, laptops, printers, and network administrator of various Windows (NT 4.0 to Windows Server 2003)  • Migrated Windows NT 4.0 domain to Windows Server 2003 domain with Active Directory.  • Administered Microsoft Exchange 5.5 for the Houston call center with approximately 1000 users.  • Administered backups using Veritas Backup Exec v10 and CA ArcServe v11.5  • Maintained all LAN/WAN hard wares, Cisco routers, switches, PIX and VPN concentrators.  • Maintained inventory of hardware and software, including licenses and renewals; Annual audit of workstations for license compliance; Recommended all IT-related purchases and maintained consumables inventory.  • Documented all procedures and policies of the IT department for SOX compliance.  • Implemented multiple networks to support clients such as Yahoo, Nextel, Sprint, Nextel Partners and Trilegiant applications.  • Assist IT manager with prioritizing projects and assign daily tickets to IT staff.  • Recommend hardware and software purchases for software development and maintenance across multiple platforms.  • Support 30 servers and over 1000 workstations in a call center environment. (Win2K, Win2K3 servers, NT4, Windows XP)  • Replaced over 600 VT workstations with PC's and setup NT4 domain. Migrated NT4 servers to Windows 2003 servers and configured Active Directory domain.  • Installed and supported various HR payroll applications. (Lawson Insight, Kronos Time Keeper Plus, ADP and Crystal Report)  • Setup and configure McAfee Enterprise and Symantec Corp Edition anti-virus servers to ensure maximum protection for all company servers and workstations.  • Implemented network monitoring tools to monitor network traffic and bandwidth usage. (Solarwinds, GFI LAN guard and Network Security Analyzers) Bench / Filed Technician / Network Administrator ECI Technology July 1994 to July 1998 • Built and configured new computer systems and responsible for all in house repairs.  • Provided hardware and software quotes to potential customers.  • Provided phone support to existing customers.  • Provided on-site service and troubleshooting for clients. (Maxwell House Coffee, City of Houston, Metro, DOW Chemical, Houston Aeros, SPM Houston, Fresh America and Brown Root) Education Associate Skills Active directory, Cisco, Dns, Exchange, Iis