IT Manager /Cyber Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager /Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Manager /Cyber Security Engineer - Classic Granite & Marble Maryland Rockville, MD Work Experience IT Manager /Cyber Security Engineer Classic Granite & Marble Maryland May 2018 to Present • Responsible for entire IT infrastructure of corporate headquarters and 5 remote offices  • Responsible for ongoing development and management of the servers and network, system  security, overseeing department budget and planning, and maintaining accurate documentation  including resource time tracking and network design documents  • Strengthening the IT infrastructure through to implementing new technologies  • Responsible for hardware and software installation, maintenance and repair.  • Performing routine audits of systems and software.  • Manage the IT budgets and expenditure on hardware and software  • Developing & maintaining the company IT systems, software and databases  • Managing the internal & hosted network infrastructure including firewalls,  • servers, switches and PBX VoIP system.  • Led enterprise-wide disaster recovery and network architecture re-evaluation.  • Defined, documented and published all IT policies, procedures and standards Cyber Security Analyst Thomson Reuters September 2015 to May 2018 Performs detailed examination and analysis of Phishing sites and other fraud types (Vishing, Scam,  Pharming, )  • Performs analysis of malware binaries and communication points  • Gather and report data, working to meet or exceed client's Service Level Agreement (SLA)  • Communicate with clients and internal departments to support finding  • Communicate with ISPs and Registrars globally to mitigate fraud attacks.  • Create, update, record information, or resolve client fraud trouble tickets  • Processed over 56,000 social engineering websites for internet browser safety warning  • Analyze various collection point form for social engineer email addresses and URLs IT Network Engineer Boconcept New York January 2014 to August 2015 • Supervise and install network systems.  • Conduct employee training and system audits.  • Maintenance and repair of hardware, software, and networking facilities.  • Managed outsourcing, e-branding and web design. Network Engineer TURKCELL July 2012 to June 2013 • Designed, implemented and maintained LAN and WAN networks.  • Configured data and voice networks (2G & 3G).  • Installed, configured, and maintained transmission network services and equipment.  • Network analysis and problem resolution.  • Coordinated installation of T1, E1, T3 / E3, and ISDN links with international service providers.  • Indirect supervision over field technicians.  • Designed and implemented complex Layer 3 / Layer 2 network architectures.  • Thorough knowledge of IEEE 802.1x standards.  • Subject Matter Expert on QOS specifications for enterprise disaster recovery plan(s).  • Responsible for seven city networks including 1300 network stations comprised of Huawei BTS, Huawei BSC  and Ericsson & Alcatel MSC nodes.  • Created network support documentation. Lead Network Technician AT&T EMEA Military Markets June 2010 to July 2012 promoted from Iraq) (Contract)    • Responsible for installation and maintenance of satellite earth stations throughout Afghanistan, for the US  Military.  • Installation and implementation of LAN / WAN networks used for remote diagnostics and traffic analysis.  • Liaise with U.S. Military base command.  • Manage logistics and problem resolution in a highly fluid environment.  • Interface with customers to create relationships.  • Manage and train two sub-contracted technicians. Network Technician (Contract) AT&T EMEA Military Markets - Baghdad, IQ June 2010 to July 2012 • Responsible for installation and maintenance of satellite earth stations throughout Iraq, for the US Military.  • Installation and implementation of LAN / WAN networks used for remote diagnostics and traffic analysis.  • Liaise with U.S. Military base command.  • Manage logistics and problem resolution in a highly fluid environment.  • Interface with customers to create relationships. Site Engineer ASFA Construction Inc April 2006 to June 2010 • Managed the AFSA construction contract on four U.S. Military bases in Anbar Province, Iraq.  • Direct and indirect supervision of 285 employees  • Instrumental in negotiating a one-year contract, for O&M services, with US Base Commanders and Halliburton  / KBR.  • Responsible for responding to RFQ's from the US Military and other contracting companies on base.  • Prepared status reports for ongoing projects.  • Experience with the USACE (US Army Corps of Engineers) power standards and distribution up to 1000KVA,  and diesel generator Installation.  • Negotiated procurement and logistics for project materials and life support for 285 ASFA personnel, utilizing  Turkish and Iraqi companies. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology University of Phoenix-Online Campus August 2015 to August 2018 Associate in Electric and Electronic Tigris University Bachelor's Skills Cyber Security, Information Security, Network Security (5 years), Servers (5 years) Certifications/Licenses CEH February 2017 to February 2020 Security+ January 2017 to January 2020 Additional Information Highly progressive telecommunications and IT Professional with thirteen years of experience covering a broad range of  national and international positions. Extensive operational experience working with commercial business and US  Military at all levels, with a detailed knowledge of operational planning. Skilled cyber security and network engineer  able to troubleshoot problems with an emphasis on creative problem resolution and customer satisfaction.  Accomplished in the installation and maintenance of satellite terminals in remote environments.