Manager, Infrastructure and Compliance Manager, Infrastructure and Compliance Manager, Infrastructure and Compliance - Pharmacy Quality Solutions Work Experience Manager, Infrastructure and Compliance Pharmacy Quality Solutions January 2017 to Present Data Analytics Technology Provider for the Healthcare Realm  Notable Accomplishments:  • Design and Implementation of WAN/LAN technologies including remote offices in Pittsburgh, Pa and Durham, NC.  • Served as default CISO building out security in depth architecture both ingress/egress and laterally within LANs.  • Led initiative to integrate HelpDesk(ZenDesk) first call response Service Level Agreements to better support staff technical needs and response times  • Implemented Sophos Cloud AV on endpoints including Intercept X with EDR that incorporated strong machine learning capabilities to help mitigate risk of remote workforce.  • Led 3 successful Soc2 +HITRUST audits that resulted in no excpetions notated by auditing firm.  • Implemented self-service password reset portal no cost to the organization so that mobile staff may reset password as needed without having to contact IT.  • Built out infrastructure and APM for SaaS product sold to pharmacies and insurers that served as pay for performance reimbursement model definitions. Director Information Technology Familylinks, Inc January 2016 to November 2016 Social Services and Behavioral Healthcare  Notable Accomplishments:  • Secured grant and led rollout of integration of Ipad technology into our Therapeutic Learning Center. TLC is a private special-education school and therapeutic treatment program combined into one, and focuses on Specialized school experience for children Pre-K through grade 6 with behavioral health issues or Autism Spectrum Disorder.  • Led a zero findings IT controls audit within first 6 months of leadership.  • Led initiative to integrate HelpDesk first call response Service Level Agreements to better support staff technical needs and response times.Implemented Kaseya SaaS to facilitate remote support for highly mobile workforce, and to introduce proactive monitoring into environment to ensure highly available systems.  • Implemented Sophos Cloud AV on endpoints. Endpoint protection did not exist previously within the institution.  • Began migration away from MPLS network to P2P fiber data network for larger bandwidth locations and residential bandwidth at smaller location over Layer 3 IPSec VPN tunnel.  • Worked within budget constraints to implement Alien Vault OSSIM at no cost to ensure compliance with HIPAA/HITECH regulatory requirements for log auditing.  • Implemented self-service password reset tool at no cost to the organization so that mobile staff may reset password as needed without having to contact IT. Organizational Security and Privacy Officer Home Health and Hospice Care April 2015 to January 2016 Notable Accomplishments:  • Lead on analysis and implementation of SOC as a Service solution for compliance mandates.  • Management of network and server team., including multi-state LAN/WAN configuration and setup.  • Led efforts for vulnerability and penetration test remediation to harden systems including: server/hardware baseline assessment, network segmentation, Sophos cloud implementation, Qualys vulnerability scan remediation, Airwatch MDM implementation, Office 365 DLP and protection management suite. member Change Advisory Board January 2011 to April 2015 Server/Network maintenance and implementation.  IS Security and Business Analytics Administrator Adagio Health Inc., 1/2011-4/2015  Provides a full spectrum of high-quality healthcare and education services to women, men and communities.  Notable Accomplishments:  • Project lead on LAN integration with Pittsburgh Public Schools and Propel schools for join venture integrating our Community Education programs into the school system.  • Resolved audit and compliance concerns with infrastructure security by implementing stronger controls through: endpoint system hardening, ongoing risk analysis, stronger incident management practices, introduction of change control team, regular system auditing and security appliance and software.  • Managed cloud networking implementation including Virtual Desktop enterprise rollout that eliminated wasted resources and transferred network hardware management liability to 3rd party through comprehensive cloud contract.  • Implemented IT intern program that created relationships and organizational awareness with local IT talent pool and educational institutions.  • Project Management on many large scale implementations including: Cloud Networking, Security Appliances and Software, Sharepoint, Docuware, Nextgen EMR and SQL BIDS.  • Implemented technical standard organization wide that eliminated downtime and increased productivity due to higher system availability.  • Slashed manual processes substantially with new technology implementations resulting in reduction of overhead costs.  • Served as organizational security and privacy officer. IS Business Analyst 2011 to 2013 Notable Accomplishments:  • Implemented outsourcing of Level I Help Desk support which resulted in greater first time call resolution rate and greater response times.  • Led implementation of many process improvement initiatives such as: Incident management templates, centralization of phone systems and enterprise-wide bandwidth upgrades. Senior Data Manager/Business Analyst Morneau Sobeco - Pittsburgh, PA 2007 to 2011 Global provider of full service employee benefits administration for many Fortune 500 organizations.  Notable Accomplishments  • Data Manager for major client accounts such as Regis, Detroit Medical Center, 3M and Bristol, Meyers and Squibb.  • Implemented enterprise wide regression testing and impact analysis procedures across all clients.  • Provided on demand ad-hoc fiscal and operational reports for clients analytical needs including report design, implementation and execution. B2B IT Analyst National Real Estate Info. Services - Pittsburgh, PA 2003 to 2007 Education Pittsburgh Technical College 2016 to 2018 MS in Leadership Duquesne University 2013 BS in Management Information Systems Gannon University 2003