Field Service Analyst II Field Service <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II Field Service Analyst II Brooklyn, NY Solutions-focused, team-oriented I.T. specialist with broad based experience and hands-on skill in highly effective helpdesk operations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Field Service Analyst II CompuCom/The Home Depot - New York, NY July 2010 to August 2019 ? Specialized as the only on-site I.T. technician in asset restoration to the Home Depot Manhattan stores  ? Influential on the renewal of the 2015 CompuCom/THD contract by effectively resolving issues for customer satisfaction  ? Reduced Manhattan THD I.T. store operating costs by 25% in resolution of network matters  ? Formulated on-site evaluations to diminish THD Helpdesk case loads  ? Escalated unique third-party I.T. issues to CompuCom PMO/THD IT Management  ? Delivered remote support resolution to store associates  ? Collaborated with Home Depot Lvl.1 and 2 on resolving store I.T. issues  ? Contributed to upkeep of store server operations  ? Trained store associates on current equipment usage  ? Adapted to latest hardware and software revisions with continuous training  ? Efficiently repaired assets in THD stores minimizing downtime  ? Created strong relationships with store associates  ? Actively monitored arising incidents and provide feedback to clients via ClearVision application I.T. Hardware Asset Manager CompuCom/Kings County Hospital - Brooklyn, NY October 2008 to July 2010 ? Supported full life of hardware asset management including inventory control, redeployment, and disposal  ? Developed a standardized policy fo procurement, transfer, and disposition of employee hardware assets  ? Requisitioned and maintained an adequate supply of equipment  ? Received equipment according to receiving inspection procedure and barcoding procedure  ? Maintained records of deliveries, stock items and disposal  ? Coordinated deliveries and installations  ? Performed hardware tracking, quarterly, and annual audits  ? Provided equipment accountability reports to managers  ? Ensured technicians updated asset data in the ServiceDesk application Helpdesk Technician CompuCom/Kings County Hospital - Brooklyn, NY July 2008 to October 2008 ? Completed and updated ServiceDesk tickets (installation, move, add or change)  ? Verified/added asset tag information  ? Loaded and configured software, verifying functionality, and escalating as necessary  ? Decommissioned replaced hardware Xerox Technician CompuCom - New York, NY February 2008 to July 2008 ? Diagnosed and repaired Xerox laser printers, MFP's, and copiers  ? Managed user expectation on tasks performed  ? Escalated Level 2 issues to management regarding technical, equipment, and scheduling problems I.T. Hardware Engineer 4G Data Systems/Citigroup - New York, NY July 2006 to February 2008 ? On site I.T. hardware engineer assigned to Citigroup locations to provide bench tech and on-site HP warranty repairs to HP, Dell, and IBM servers, personal computers, laptops, and printers  ? Assisted with network operation  ? Promoted within 6 months with 4G Data, starting with managing the computer needs of one facility to assistant supervising NYC Citigroup facilities  ? Provided phone, trouble ticket, and email support  ? Troubleshooting mission-critical servers and coordinating the involvement of separate teams in order to resolve issues quickly  ? Researched product prices and availability; requisition and maintain an adequate supply of parts and repair materials  ? Recommended hardware acquisitions and providing justification for equipment  ? Provided technical training for internal staff  ? Asset managed equipment Security Officer Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP - New York, NY July 2003 to July 2006 ? Provided a high-profile presence in a 31 story high rise building  ? Monitored CCTV, floors and facility to prevent loss and ensure the full protection of occupants  ? Wrote informative reports to update management on all security matters  ? Immediately responded to security violations, alarms, and other emergency situations Security Computer Console Operator, BCS BCS/Citigroup - New York, NY January 1999 to July 2003 ? Operated the Northern ProWatch Computer System  ? Managed and scheduled staff members in the absence of supervisor  ? Trained new staff members on duties and regulations of our staff and building  ? Awarded two meritorious raises based on exemplary performance in customer service and security duties Computer Consultant New York, NY March 1998 to January 1999 ? Remote assistance of troubleshooting computer software, and hardware troubles  ? Knowledge of Windows/DOS and Linux Operating Systems  ? Basic understanding of various programming tools and networking  ? Replaced and repaired peripherals such as printers, hard drives, and system boards  ? Installed and configured various optional cards, and upgrades Lance Corporal, Armorer United States Marine Corps - Cherry Point, NC April 1995 to February 1998 Protected hundreds of thousand dollars' worth of weapons and equipment  ? Maintained departmental expenditures at or below budget  ? Awarded Meritorious Mast and Certificate of Commendation for outstanding achievements in weapons education and servicing  ? Organized preventive maintenance and repair of faulty merchandise  ? Ensured proper procedures were adhered to in distribution of merchandise Education A.A.S. in Business Administration in Business Administration (Expected Graduation: 2020) | GPA: 3.568 | KBCC Honors Program, Phi Theta Kappa, National Society of Leadership and Success Kingsborough Community College - Brooklyn, NY Present Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ CompTIA Server+ HP Accredited Platform Specialist Microsoft Certified Desktop Support Technician Dell Desktop Certification Xerox Printer Certifications HP Printer Certifications Lexmark Printer Certifications