Director, Cyber Risk & Compliance Director, Cyber Risk &amp; Compliance Jefferson is a U.S. Navy veteran, lifelong learner, and proven leader who is passionate about helping others succeed and dedicated to making a difference on the ever-changing cyber battlefield. Cyber Risk isn't just a compliance issue; it's the ultimate, most rewarding challenge to assist C-Suites with securing their enterprise. Charlotte, NC ACCOMPLISHMENTS    • Created a Cyber Risk practice, creating more than $1.2 Million in revenue in 2018 (Fortalice).  • Led an internal audit program for assessing more than 9,000 third party vendors (Wells Fargo).  • Founded, trained, and managed a team of 26 electronic technicians responsible for Broadband network surveillance across 9 states(BellSouth).  • Created a process for integrating OH-58 Army helicopter targeting with shipboard Naval Gun Fire Support systems at no cost  (U.S. Navy). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director, Cyber Risk & Compliance Fortalice Solutions - Charlotte, NC February 2018 to July 2019 At Fortalice (A boutique cybersecurity consulting firm), Jefferson led the Commercial Cyber Risk Team, guiding client C-Suite leadership across various industries (Energy/Utility, Transportation, Manufacturing, Financial, Healthcare, and Security) in  order to develop and implement cybersecurity strategies.    • Performed cyber risk assessments to determine the security posture of organizations.  • Assisted client’s technical and non-technical staff in implementing or optimizing new cybersecurity capabilities such  as cybersecurity strategy, vulnerability management, incident response, and governance programs or initiatives.  • Developed custom risk frameworks, policies and procedures.  • Performed cost/benefit analysis and providing clear recommendations based on the specific client environment.  • Led a team of junior analysts in the completion and delivery of client solutions.  • Designed and conducted Tabletop Exercises for IR & BCP testing.  • Conducted Business Impact Analysis initiatives for clients.  • Developed Third-Party Cyber Risk Assessment programs for clients.  • Presented Risk Assessment results to C-Suite Executives as required. IT Senior Lead Auditor Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC February 2016 to April 2018 • Led the Third-Party Cybersecurity Risk Assessment audit program, ensuring that risk management program appropriately  assesses the Information Security posture of all vendors.  • Audited FFIEC Penetration Test Methodology.  • Measured against ISO, FFIEC, and NIST Frameworks, as well as the Critical Security Controls (SANS) Top 20. Manager, IT Security Risk Management Spectrum (Formerly Time Warner Cable) - Charlote, NC February 2017 to April 2017 • Lead the Risk Management team, responsible for conducting risk assessments for more than 1,800 enterprise applications. Also, the team conducted 3rd Party Risk Assessments, Tactical and Strategic Analyses, and Threat Assessments. IT Security Analyst Time Warner Cable/Charter communications - Charlotte, NC May 2015 to February 2017 • Properly classified data according to policy (Restricted/Proprietary,  Confidential, Sensitive and Public) and assess risk associated with processing,  transmitting, and storing data within each level.  • Assessed, recommended and developed control requirements and solutions to ensure risks and exposures were identified and mitigated.  • Created and delivered ongoing reporting and metrics associated with the policy and exceptions program as well as with related IT controls work (e.g.  NIST, Sarbanes Oxley, PCI, HIPAA, etc.)  • Worked with outside vendors, project managers, and internal auditors.  • Demonstrated an in-depth understanding of technology associated with networking, operating systems, applications, databases, wireless and mobile  platforms.  • Conducted 3rd Party Risk Assessments. Business Analyst Time Warner Cable Enterprise - Charlotte, NC August 2013 to April 2015 • Measured third-party performance, conducted monthly reviews for 11  collections agencies, and advised management on collection strategy  improvements.  • As Project Manager, successfully integrated 7 new agencies into the east coast  region.  • Provided process improvement suggestions in order to increase productivity,  improve the customer experience, and reduce expenditures.  • Developed and tracked KPI metrics, including SLA metrics. Command Center Specialist Time Warner Cable Enterprise - Charlotte, NC March 2012 to July 2013 • Developed performance standards, policies, and procedures for the East Care Command Center. Advanced Tech Support, Tier III Time Warner Cable Enterprise - Greensboro, NC July 2011 to March 2012 • Worked in a 24x7 environment, interfacing with customers and network analysts to ensure maximum customer satisfaction.  • Demonstrated expertise with HSD, Digital Phone, Switched and Networking protocols. Field Service Engineer GE Healthcare - Charlotte, NC April 2005 to January 2009 • Directly interfaced with hospitals, private practices and pain clinics in order to provide quality service and maximum return on  investment for their radiology systems, while observing HIPAA standards.  • Independently managed an assigned territory.  • Managed inventory, expenses, and communications with all customers, and ensured satisfaction at all customer sites. NETWORK MANAGER BELLSOUTH TELECOMMUNICATIONS April 1998 to June 2003 • Developed a broadband surveillance team of 26 technicians.  • Created processes for emergency notification and restoration, and mentored  technicians on proper processes.  • Supervised the operations of a 24x7 call center that conducted quality of service surveillance of BellSouth's entire 9-state broadband network, serving over 1 million customers.  • Directly supervised and mentored 26 electronic technicians over three shifts  per day, and coordinated work schedules, vacation schedules, conflict  resolution, etc.  • Liasoned with corporate vice-presidents, general managers, and supervisors across BellSouth's network in order to facilitate rapid restoration of outages. WEAPONS CONTROL OFFICER, UNITED STATES NAVY FIRE CONTROLMAN February 1992 to April 1998 • Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist  • Coordinated and led all combat engagements aboard USS Aubrey Fitch (FFG- 34), directing multiple weapon systems simultaneously.  • Operated and maintained the MK92 Fire Control System  • Conducted shipboard security drills Education Master's in Business Administration University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD January 2017 to August 2018 Master of Science in Cybersecurity UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE - Adelphi, MD 2016 Bachelor of Science in Management MONTREAT COLLEGE - Charlotte, NC 2007 Skills Strategic Planning, training, Word, budget Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 Fire Controlman / Weapons Control Officer Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ June 2016 to Present GIAC Systems and Network Auditor July 2016 to Present CISM July 2019 to Present HITRUST CCSFP October 2018 to Present Additional Information SKILLS & ABILITIES Cybersecurity / Risk Management; Strategy & Execution; Service Support; Operations;  Metric and KPI Development; Vendor Management; Training & Security Awareness;  Team Building; Leadership/Mentoring; Presentations; NIST Framework Assessment