Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Professional Bellevue, WA 25 years experience planning, operating, troubleshooting, developing training, inspecting, employing, and maintaining a variety of technological and military equipment to include security software, tactical communications, command and control software, electronic warfare assets, and avionics subsystems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst CRI Advantage - Remote May 2017 to Present Operation & maintenance of cyber security tools (Nessus, McAfee ePO, Nagios, Splunk).  Conducted web application vulnerability scans with HP Web Inspect and analyzed results.  Provided risk analysis for vulnerabilities in Windows Server 2008/2012 OS and applications.  Develop local processes and procedures.  Reviewed and updated System Security Plan using NIST 800-53 framework. Security Consultant NTT Security / Solutionary - Remote September 2015 to March 2017 Responsibilities  - Conducted and supported security assessments using multiple frameworks (ISO 27001, SANS Top 20, PCI, HIPPA).  - Developed technical testing procedures for firewall, Windows GPO and Unix configuration files.  - Developed risk definitions for inclusion to client summary and detailed reports.  - Developed PCI maintenance procedures for clients. Contractor, Information Assurance URS Federal Services - Fallon, NV March 2015 to September 2015 - Administered McAfee Host Based Security System.  - Provided evidence and documentation for the Navy's certification and accreditation program.  - Built a detachable Nessus scanner, allowing remote sites to be assessed for vulnerabilities.  - Maintained security servers, Windows, Red Hat and ESXi  - Developed team Standard Operating Procedures.  - Streamlined process to identify and mitigate security software from interfering with operational and mission computing requirement. IT Security Engineer Best Western International - Phoenix, AZ March 2014 to February 2015 - Conducted annual Payment Card Industry assessment.  - Performed risk analysis and penetration testing on for over 500 Linux, Windows, network and virtual assets.  - Analyzed security and data loss prevention logs.  - Ensured website compliance for over 2000 U.S. & Canadian hotel properties.  - Provided training to hotel members and reservation agents on security best practices and modern trends.  - Reviewed internal procedural documents and processes and provided feedback for continuous improvement. Exercise Designer & C4 systems lead CSI - Bridgeport, CA October 2010 to 2013 Employed advanced command and control and collaborative software such as Command Post of the Future, Microsoft Sharepoint and Voice over IP systems during Mountain Exercise training evolutions.  - Provided training units and permanent staff recommendations on operations security procedures, employing command and control software, and tactical radio and networking equipment.  - Developed formal written orders, providing training units a foundation for their planning and operational processes while conducting Mountain Exercise.  - Developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) documentation, synchronizing the efforts of the Exercise Control facility, Mountain Warfare Training Center personnel, support personnel and opposing forces.  - Developed Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in support of team exercise control operations.  - Conducted formal and informal training for team members and training audience on employment of command and control software and combat operations center procedures.  - Provided training and documentation in support of Corps Solutions ISO 9001:2008 designation. U.S. Marine Corps US Marine Corps - 29 Palms, CA August 1989 to September 2010 - Planned tactical radio and data networks in support of combat operations and training exercises.  - Served as local information assurance manager (IAM) for the organization, ensuring compliance with Department of Defense (DoD) annual security training and access control procedures.  - Maintained accountability for several million dollars worth of assigned equipment.  - Led and trained subordinate personnel.  - Led tactical convoys in support of combat operations and training exercises.  - Conducted training for venues between 5 and 200 personnel, earning Navy's Master Training Specialist designation.  - Troubleshot and repaired F/A 18 avionics components at the intermediate maintenance level. Education BA in Aviation Management Southern Illinois University 1999 Skills Vulnerability assessments, ethical hacking, MS Office, including Visio, Windows and Unix administration. Cisco IOS Certifications/Licenses CISSP, 432574 August 2012 to August 2021 Certified Information Systems Security Professional, ISC2. PMP, 1564076 December 2012 to December 2021 Project Management Professional, PMI. CEH, ECC979828 June 2013 to May 2019 EC Council's Certified Ethical Hacker CASP, COMP001020313131 October 2013 to October 2019 COMPTIA's Certified Advanced Security Practioner CCNP, CSCO12065546 August 2012 to May 2021 Cisco's Certified Network Professional. PCIP December 2014 to Present Payment Card Industry Professional. Earned in conjunction with PCI's Internal Security Assessor. OSCP December 2016 to Present Offensive Security Certified Professional eLearn Security Web Application Penetration Tester (eWAPT) February 2018 to Present