Logistics Developer Logistics Developer Logistics Developer Alexandria, VA 30+ year experienced professional who takes on complex duties, meets tight deadlines and delivers top-  quality performance. Highly organized and independent; able to effectively coordinate tasks to accomplish  projects with timeliness and creativity. Skilled in cultivating positive relationships with business partners  and colleagues. Operates with a strong sense of urgency and thrives in a fast-paced setting. Work Experience Logistics Developer Volvo Group, N.A - Greensboro, NC February 2014 to February 2019 Contributing to the creation and implementation of best practice logistics vision, strategy, policies, processes and procedures to aid and improve operational performance. Planning, managing, and evaluating logistics  projects while liaising with suppliers.  • Supporting continuous improvement initiatives and identifying inefficiencies and cost optimization  opportunities  • Conducting and reviewing EDI audits for logistics and warehouse activities to ensure adequacy  • Developing detailed project plans to monitor and track progress  • Managing changes to the project scope, project schedule, and project costs using appropriate verification  techniques. Business Applications Specialist Volvo Group, N.A September 2012 to February 2014 Defined project requirement by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; formed project team.  Trained business users on new SAP software that met business requirements of the organization.  Responsible for technical documentation and training development.  • Worked closely with internal and external customers, EDI partners, and other IT personnel to identify  process gaps and define potential solutions; assisted in establishing best processes for EDI activities within SAP ECC module  • Monitored supplier ASN execution within the Volvo Group Logistics networks; responsible for  troubleshooting and resolving system issues and validation errors  • Monitored and tracked all group and non-group supplier EDI non-compliance issues IT Business Analyst Volvo IT North America - Greensboro, NC August 2008 to September 2012 Supporting Volvo Parts through the implementation and execution of appropriate standardized procedures to ensure the security of systems and data. Responsible for audit, creation, and correction of systems, networks, and application accounts in legacy systems.  • Provided secondary support to Security Authorization team in Poland  • Maintained and created user access; supported user access reviews and assisted system owners with audit  reviews Systems Support Engineer Volvo IT August 2007 to August 2008 Installed, configured, and supported ongoing usability of client desktop computers, peripheral equipment and software. Worked with Help Desk and Network Operations staff, as appropriate, to determine and resolve  problems received from clients.  • Provided optimal customer service to internal customers; ordered computer supplies including hardware  and software  • Proactively identified and resolved problems/issues and ensured that project tasks were completed  according to established timelines Data Security Analyst Sr Volvo IT January 1996 to August 2007 Implemented and executed appropriate standardized procedures to ensure the security of systems and data.  Created and corrected system, network, and application accounts. Audited system and application  configuration and activity. Participated in the implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley change management  procedures.  • Protected the integrity, confidentiality and availability of information by ensuring appropriate security  controls re enforced; maintained and improved data-integrity for all user identities  • Defined provisioning and de-provisioning processes for user creation, job change, and termination Engineering Systems Specialist Volvo Trucks North America - Greensboro, NC February 1989 to January 1996 Assisted in the support and conversion of Volvo systems applications. Reviewed product types for update to new data book structures. Analyzed and made necessary revisions to Management Control Tables  • Analyzed non-translated bills of material and initiated design chart/sales code/variant structure revisions  to allow translation  • Implemented and secured production requirements in product change initiatives in close cooperating  with product development. Education Associate in Computer Science and Information Technology New River Community College - Dublin, VA 1995 Skills Sharepoint, Erp, Sap, Acf2, Scm, Microsoft sharepoint, As400, Microsoft office, Excel, Shipping, Logistics, Word