Senior Security Analyst Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Security Analyst - VariQ Corporation, Securities and Exchange Commission Rockville, MD Work Experience Senior Security Analyst VariQ Corporation, Securities and Exchange Commission - Washington, DC 2017 to Present Security Compliance, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. 40hr/wk.  Senior Security Analyst 2017 - Present  • Deliver Cyber Security Vulnerability Management solutions for the Securities and Exchange Commission Privacy and Security Compliance Branch by ensuring that SEC complies with Federal and Departmental regulations including OMB, FISMA, NIST security requirements, FISCAM security requirements, and Sarbanes-Oxley security requirements.  • Create the Application Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) Weekly Status Report and brief Senior management on the SEC Enterprise Application POA&M Management status on a bi-weekly basis.  • In a lead role as a member of the Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) team, track and report to management the mitigation of security program findings / vulnerabilities using the POA&M management tool, Archer.  • Review POA&M mitigation strategies for findings discovered during system audits, security authorizations, security assessments, Production Readiness Reviews (PRRs), or on-going continuous monitoring.  • Explain technical and complex information to Information Security Officers (ISOs) concerning their mitigation strategies in relation to FISMA and NIST requirements, and SEC and Privacy and Security Compliance requirements and policies.  • Review and identify problems with artifacts (evidence) presented to prove the mitigation and remediation of the security findings.  • Worked with ISOs, as well as management to provide information or assistance to resolve their problems.  • Brief management on the overdue findings in the weekly POA&M meeting.  • Am thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail to produce quality results.  • Provide guidance to other team members as needed.  • Ensure other team members kept in the loop concerning communication with the customer.  • Perform assigned tasks under tight deadlines.  • Manage multiple tasks at one time.    TalaTek, LLC., Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) - Financial Operations Department (FOD), 1200 K Street, NW, Washington, DC 20005. 40hr/wk. Information Assurance Consultant System Security Plan (SSP) 2016 to 2017 • Provided suggested security improvements to the Information System Security Officer (ISSO).  • Maintained systems documentation to include, but not limited to the System Security Plan (SSP), Configuration Management (CM) Plan, and the Contingency Plan (CP) to ensure these documents are in compliance with FISMA, OMB-A-130 Appendix 3, other Federal compliance policies including the NIST Special Publications, and all FOD security policies.  • Reviewed POA&M mitigation strategies for findings discovered during system audits, security authorizations, security assessments, or on-going continuous monitoring.  • Reviewed and identified problems with artifacts (evidence) presented to prove the mitigation remediation of the security findings.  • Reviewed Vulnerability Scans for assigned system(s) and generated POA&Ms for these findings.  • Tracked and reported to Information System Security Officer (ISSO) the mitigation of security program findings / vulnerabilities.  • Performed assigned tasks under tight deadlines.  • Managed multiple tasks at one time.    Knowledge Consulting Group, Inc., Currently known as ManTech International Corporation, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) - Cybersecurity, 1275 First Street, NE, Washington, DC 20002. 40hr/wk. Information System Security Officer ISSO 2014 to 2016 • Provided suggested security improvements to the Information System Security Manager (ISSM).  • Ensured the system/network administrators are aware of implementing the various security controls in their systems and environment.  • Maintained systems documentation to include, but not limited to the System Security Plan (SSP), Configuration Management (CM) Plan, and the Contingency Plan (CP) to ensure these documents are in compliance with FISMA, OMB-A-130 Appendix 3, other Federal compliance policies including the NIST Special Publications, and all CFPB security policies.  • Reviewed POA&M mitigation strategies for findings discovered during system audits, security authorizations, security assessments, or on-going continuous monitoring.  • Reviewed and identified problems with artifacts (evidence) presented to prove the mitigation and remediation of the security findings.  • Reviewed Vulnerability Scans for assigned system(s) and generate POA&Ms for these findings.  • Tracked and reported to Information System Security Manager (ISSM) the mitigation of security program findings / vulnerabilities.  • Participated in all aspects of Security Authorization and Assessment (SA&A) (formerly Certification and Accreditation (C&A)) for re-ATO of system and Continuous Monitoring such as interviews and review of the SSP, etc  • Performed assigned tasks under tight deadlines.  • Managed multiple tasks at one time.  • Performed Non-Standard Software reviews for two (2) OS platforms: Macs and Windows.    Knowledge Consulting Group, Inc., Currently known as ManTech International Corporation, DoED - Federal Student Aid (FSA), 830 First Street, NE, Washington, DC 20002. 40hr/wk. POA&M LEAD ENGINEER 2014 to 2014 - 2014  • Promoted to POA&M Lead position August 16, 2014.  • Acting POA&M Lead from June 2014 to August 2014.  • Conducted Bi-Weekly POA&M Training to the ISSOs.  • Created the Weekly POA&M Report and brief management on the FSA Enterprise POA&M Management status.  • Provided guidance to other team members as needed.  • Ensured other team members kept in the loop concerning communication with the customer.  • Managed multiple tasks at one time. POA&M ENGINEER Delivered Cyber Security Vulnerability Management solutions 2013 to 2014 division by ensuring that FSA complies with Federal and Departmental regulations including OMB, FISMA, NIST security requirements, FISCAM security requirements, and Sarbanes-Oxley security requirements.  • In a role as a member of the Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) team, tracked and reported to management the mitigation of security program findings / vulnerabilities using the POA&M management tool, Operational Vulnerability Management Solution (OVMS), which is a customized version of the OpenFISMA tool.  • Reviewed and commented on the provided templates before injection into the POA&M tool OVMS; most of the comments relate to the incorrect referenced NIST security control and the Threat Description.  • Reviewed POA&M mitigation strategies for findings discovered during system audits, security authorizations, security assessments, Production Readiness Reviews (PRRs), or on-going continuous monitoring.  • Explained technical and complex information to ISSOs concerning their mitigation strategies in relation to FISMA and NIST requirements, and Department of Education and FSA requirements and policies.  • Reviewed and identified problems with artifacts (evidence) presented to prove the mitigation remediation of the security findings.  • Worked with ISSOs, as well as management to provide information or assistance to resolve their problems.  • Briefed management on the overdue findings in the weekly POA&M meeting.  • Provided assistance to the ISSOs by reminding them to update the Business Operations systems documentation to include, but not limited to the System Security Plan (SSP), Configuration Management (CM) Plan, and the Contingency Plan (CP) to ensure these documents are in compliance with Department and Federal IT system security guidance.  • Ensured the ISSOs' SA&A documentation (SSP, CP, CM Plan, etc.) are updated annually.  • Am thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail to produce quality results.  • Performed assigned tasks under tight deadlines.  • Managed multiple tasks at one time.    Endeavor Systems, A Subsidiary of Telesis Corporation, DoED - Federal Student Aid (FSA), 830 First Street, NE, Washington, DC 20002. 40hr/wk. INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ANALYST Delivered Cyber Security Vulnerability Management solutions 2012 to 2013 division, which constitutes 1,100 staff in 11 cities, 106 systems, 28 affiliated organizations, and the community of schools, lenders, and guaranty agencies.  • Ensured FSA systems complied with Federal and Departmental regulations including OPM, FISMA, NIST, and Department of Education and FSA requirements, regulations, and policies and procedures.  • Tracked and reported to management the mitigation of security program findings / vulnerabilities using the POA&M management tool, Operational Vulnerability Management Solution (OVMS).  • Explained technical and complex information to ISSOs concerning their mitigation strategies for findings discovered during system audits, security authorizations, security assessments, PRRs, or on-going continuous monitoring.  • Reviewed and identified problems with artifacts (evidence) presented to prove the mitigation remediation of the security findings and provide recommendations in relation to their mitigation strategies and to FISMA and NIST requirements.  • Worked with ISSOs, as well as management to provide information or assistance and resolve their problems.  • Conducted bi-weekly oral OVMS/POA&M training for the ISSOs.  • Briefed management on the overdue findings in the weekly POA&M meeting.  • Informed the ISSOs to update the Business Operations systems documentation to include, but not limited to SSP, CM Plan, and the CP to ensure these documents were in compliance with Department and Federal IT system security guidance.  • Ensured ISSOs Security Authorization and Assessment (SA&A) (formerly Certification and Accreditation (C&A)) documentation (SSP, CP, CMP, etc.) are updated.  • Paid close attention to detail to produce quality results.  • Performed assigned tasks under tight deadlines.  • Managed multiple tasks at one time.  • Analyzed and generated the bi-weekly Cyber Security Status Tracking Report for management. This report provided FSA with specific details as it relates to tracking incidents within OVMS, Security Advisories, and OIG requests.    Endeavor Systems, A Subsidiary of Telesis Corporation, Department of the Treasury - Financial Management Services (FMS), 3700 East West Hwy, Hyattsville, MD 20782. 40hr/wk. INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ANALYST 2008 to 2011 • Performed evaluation of 139 of IT Security IV&V CA IT Security observations of 35 information systems deficiencies to ensure full compliance with the Federal and departmental regulations and laws including FISMA/Government Accounting Office (GAO) Inspector General and GAO Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual (FISCAM) for Department of the Treasury's FMS bureau.  • Reviewed artifacts to determine vulnerability mitigation cited in the audit findings and provided recommendations in accordance with the FISMA and developed CAPs.  • Guided and coordinated with the Information System Security Officers (ISSOs) representatives to ensure accurate corrective actions were created if the CA was incorrect in the first review.  • Oversaw POA&M finding details such as Finding Type Classification, Threat & Countermeasure Validation and Mitigation Strategy Validation.  • Performed closure of CAs or requested additional information for closure from ISSO representative as reflected in Certification and Authentication (C&A), Inspector General CAPs and/or GAO audits, inspections, and assessments.  • Provided justification for closing/not closing corrective actions for IT Security Oversight & Compliance.  • Reviewed over 500 IV&V CA packages for 28 systems and assisted FMS Debt Management Services (DMS) via FMS Mission Assurance in the evaluation of the Private Collection Agency (PCA) IT Security as part of a broader evaluation of PCA IT security practices. IT CONSULTANT Certeza IT Consulting, LLC - Upper Marlboro, MD 2006 to 2006 2006  • Performed IV&V for the Department of Veterans Affair (VA) information systems to validate the accuracy of the security controls implementation or planned implementation to ensure that the controls were functioning appropriately or as intended by comparing the systems' C&A documentation with system administrators interview responses and created gap analysis as a result.  • Evaluated IT application control sets that conformed to aforementioned NIST guidance and offered recommendations for improvement in areas of access controls and segregation of duties. IT AUDITOR GEICO Direct, 5260 Western Avenue, Internal Audit - Chevy Chase, MD 2005 to 2006 • Assisted in the evaluation and testing of compliance with Section 404 (assessment of internal controls) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX).  • Performed a review of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for a new Billing system to ensure the proper key controls were designed and implemented. SYSTEMS AUDITOR Smithsonian Institution - Washington, DC 2003 to 2005 GS-2210-11 2003 - 2005  • Executed IT security audits for the Institution to include museums and the corporate network. These audits included network vulnerability assessment and penetration testing for assessing network access controls, operating system configuration reviews, and general and application controls including backup and recovery, business continuity, and systems development which had been established and significantly strengthened its security policies, procedures, and practices.  • Executed over 20 operating system configuration reviews that were instrumental in issuing five draft audit reports in a month for particular audits. The reviews helped the five museums minimize the security vulnerabilities by applying security patches and fixes in a timely manner, follow the Institution password policy, and set proper permissions on the registry to prevent unauthorized access.  • Executed over 50 network scans using various security tools and efficiently planned and completed the audit steps in a month for particular audits. The network scan results had been valuable for all the IT audits, especially for the National Zoological Park Audit because the scans identified 40 percent of the security holes related to SysAdmin, Audit, Networking, and Security (SANS) weaknesses of most common services.  • Provided recommendations to improve security programs, policies and procedures to help minimize the risk of a critical impact to the Smithsonian Institution.  • Prepared briefing materials covering findings for use by team members conducting audit closeouts or giving presentations.  • Successfully completed eight professional training courses to enhance my understanding on IT Audit reviews.    First Virginia Services, Inc., A Subsidiary of First Virginia Banks, Inc./Currently known as BB&T, 66402 Arlington Blvd., Falls Church, Virginia 22042. 40hr/wk. QUALITY ASSURANCE ANALYST III 1999 to 2004 • Performed user acceptance testing of an application according to user requirements, tracked quality issues, and assisted in regression testing to ensure that the identified problems were fixed. Monitored the various test programs to ensure the proper verification and validation of extracted requirements, which had proven valuable for the replacement of the main Credit Services Department via the facsimile management system. The department had improved the response time by 30 percent when retrieving images of the faxed automobile loan applications and provided additional storage capacity to allow them to view faxed applications for 90 days instead of 45 days.  • Developed the settlement procedures and assisted with planning, developing test checklist, scheduling and conducting user acceptance to ensure that the department could manage the employees' 401(k) Thrift Plan and FlexChoice Trust and Management clients efficiently.  • Utilized the training received by Novell Education to help setup and test the initial deployment to Trust and Asset Management Department laptops, the deployment introduced simplicity and efficiency to the laptop support environment.  • Successfully completed 11 professional training courses to enhance my understanding on new and existing systems and problem resolution.  • Reviewed the quality of existing applications software by testing the functionality to ensure the production readiness of the appropriate program and identified user requirements.  • Installed new and system upgrade software on Novell and Windows NT Platforms with 98 percent efficiency.  • Provided weekly status updates of the testing activities of an appropriate project to senior management.  • Demonstrated good judgment in keeping senior management informed of the project plan and testing progression with 98 percent accuracy.  • Participated in the Disaster Recovery exercise.  • Documented problems that occurred during the Disaster Recovery exercise and ensured that every reasonable measure has been taken to identify and mitigate potential risks that exist with the processing environment.    First Virginia Services, Inc., A Subsidiary of First Virginia Banks, Inc./Currently known as BB&T, 66402 Arlington Blvd., Falls Church, Virginia 22042. 40hr/wk. QUALITY ASSURANCE ANALYST I 1998 to 1999 • Played an important role in the Integrated Banking System's Y2K project by maintaining current data and providing valuable information regarding the progress of problem resolution, which allowed a smooth transition to the year 2000.  • Designed an automated year-to-date Time Summary spreadsheet for the Quality Assurance Department, eliminated the manual process which took days to calculate. The automated spreadsheet reduced calculation time from days to minutes.  • Performed a key role in developing a new accounts payable system and centralizing accounts payable processing from four divisions into one. A developed conversion settlement procedure to assure all data was accurate. Consistency of posting added conformity to the corporation as a whole. On the expense side of month end financials, it cut analysis time by 50 percent and enhanced customer relations because of consistency of payments and ability to research questioned items efficiently.  • Successfully completed two professional development courses to enhance my understanding of existing systems and problem resolution. Information Systems Trainee program First Virginia Services, Inc 1997 to 1998 which led to a promotion in 1998. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Computer Information Systems/Decision Support Systems James Madison University - Harrisonburg, VA July 1997 Associate in Science in Business Administration Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA May 1995 Skills Visio, Quattro pro, Excel, Lotus notes, Microsoft office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Wordperfect