IT Service Center Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Center <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Service Center Analyst - Baptist Health Care Milton, FL Work Experience IT Service Center Analyst Baptist Health Care 2016 to Present The IT Support Analyst will be a hands-on member of the IT Department, responsible for desktop, laptop and mobile phone support. The primary responsibilities of the IT Support Analyst are to support a Windows operating system running on Citrix Xen Server infrastructure and other software applications.    • Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot Windows and Microsoft Office and other desktop applications.  • Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot printers, scanners and other equipment.  • Identify and implement improvements in how Sterling provides IT Services.  • Develop and produce regular reports with metrics to assist with change management of the IT environment.  • Support remote equipment such as laptops, scanners and mobile phones.  • Excellent technical knowledge of pcs and desktop hardware.  • •Perform change evaluation on complex medium and high risk changes - analyzing the testing, scheduling, implementation methodologies, and risks to business services.  • Software and Hardware Troubleshooting  • Windows 7, Windows 10, McAfee epolicy 5.10.0, Bomgar ticketing system, KACE systems Management  • Routers, switches and firewall  • Microsoft Office 2013, Office 2016 support.  • DHCP, AD, Exchange and remote control tools.  • Good communication (both verbal and written) skills.  • Ability to operate effectively in a team environment with both technical and nontechnical team members.  • •Monitor and evaluate the change management service including planning, scheduling, evaluating, approving and implementing activities Cyber Security Instructor Locklin Technical Center 2014 to 2016 • Teaches material from approved curriculum and develops daily lesson plans to include instructional aids.  • Participates in school retention initiatives by providing regular, accurate, and timely feedback to students and the school concerning academics, behavior, attendance, etc.  • Motivates students to actively participate in all aspects of the educational process.  • Completes professional development and in-service activities in accordance with college standards.  • Maintains expertise in subject area and recommends improvements in curriculum design.  • Instructs students in laboratory safety procedures.  • Performs duties in the Learning Resource Center as assigned.  • Participates in core course academic support programs, certification programs, and student professional associations. Information Manger 2013 to 2014 Organized, Directed, and Managed the North Afghanistan Dispositions Expansion Project; provided network capability in austere conditions- efforts marked milestone for United  States/Afghanistan Drawdown    * Experienced project manager; oversaw the completion of numerous projects in the support of Defense Logistics Agency    * Manage team/vendor to direct and administer the planning, integration, and maintenance of software and hardware to ensure network, storage area network, and server systems are operational and available.    * Identify/Resolve customer concerns in regards to communication systems.    * Serves as technical specialist responsible for the monitoring, operations, change management, troubleshooting, and problem resolution of all hardware and software components.    * Developed procedures and guidelines IT resources and requirements.  * Coordinate and collaborate with high level internal and external stakeholders to deliver products that meet business requirements.    * Serves as a recognized technical authority regarding client-based Information Technology applications and ensures PC maintenance and end user support.    * Monitors the Customer Support Tracking Software queue, reviews requests for IT hardware/software/systems services transmitted to the Technical Support Team via phone, fax, internet/intranet and email requests, and coordinates the scheduling, response and resolution of assigned Service Requests and Change requests.    * Conducts research to determine the nature, frequency, and urgency of requests, and provides input and recommendations to Directorate IT managers regarding daily and/or long-term resources required to study, diagnose and avoid or resolve user/hardware/software and/or systems problems.    * Performs final closeout of assigned contracts; e.g., assures delivery, inspection and acceptance of contractual end items and that all administrative and reporting actions have been resolved before recommending final closeout of the contract. Computer Network Support Specialist ITT EXCELIS - Bagram, AF 2013 to October 2013 * Provide support for over 36,000 users in austere operating environment; diagnose and resolve issues by email, phone, remote assistance tools, and desk-side assistance.  * Install, configure, and maintain Active Directory (AD) on non-classified internet protocol router (NIPR), secret internet protocol router (SIPR), and CENTRIX networks and domains.  * Monitor internet functionality, security, and integrity.  * Install, configure, and maintain hardware, software, and peripheral devices, including Common Access Card (CAC) readers.  * Administer Windows 2000, 2003, and 2008 R2 Servers; remedy backup failures; comply with build requirements for servers in production and test environments.  * Utilize Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) and System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) to manage patch deployments.  * Monitor REMEDY ticketing system, update existing tickets, and manage hardware inventory.    PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE, continued Information Systems Technician Instructor US NAVY 2008 to 2012 * Prepared and presented information system technology training in classroom and practical environments, focusing on Cisco PC hardware and software fundamentals, professionalism, customer service, help desk etiquette, and personal development.  * Managed classes of 22 students every 3 months; evaluated individual progress and counseled students to improve academic performance.  * Installed and supported Office 2007-2010 and Outlook (OWA), as well as Windows 98 and Windows 7; completed migration to Exchange 2010.  * Managed server workstation build projects in VMware virtual network environment.  * Utilized imaging software and Veeam version 6.1-6.5 US NAVY - Pensacola, FL 2003 to 2012 Information Systems Technician US NAVY 2003 to 2008 * Directed efforts of 25 technicians in daily operations and maintenance of 350 tactical and non-tactical voice and data circuits (VTC, HF, UHF, VHF, EHF, and SHF) to support 5,600 end users.  * Maintained connectivity rating of 92%.  * Built, imaged and deployed multiple desktop and laptop platforms for 500 personnel annually; managed user accounts and profiles in Active Directory, Server 2003 environment.  * Installed, configured, and supported Microsoft Office 97 through XP.  * Supported SMS, MMS, POP, IMAP and SMTP.  * Inventoried and assigned personal computers, smart phones, and printers.  * Earned Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal. Education Diploma Milton High School - Milton, FL 2003 Skills Cisco, Firewalls, Networking, Virtualization, Vlan, Lan/wan, Tcp, Vmware, Vpn, Voip, Windows 7, Windows server 2012, Lan Additional Information IT Manager ~ ~ IT Trainer    MCSE ~ MCSA ~ CompTIA Security + ~ CompTIA A+    Software    VMware  SCCM  Symantec Backup Exec  Adobe Products  McAfee epolicy 5.10.0  KACE systems Management  Bomgar ticketing system  Remedy  Microsoft Office Suite 2003/2007/2010  Active Directory    Operating Systems  Windows Server 2012, Windows 7    Networking    Windows 2008; 2012  VMware ESX  Virtualization Remote Desktop  LAN/WAN Topology  TCP/I  VOIP Cisco routers  Firewalls  Site-to-Site VPN  VLAN  Switches    Additional Qualifications    Cisco Certified Instructor  Customer Service  Office Administration  Project Management