Senior Information Security Analyst Senior Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Information Security Analyst - Albertsons Companies San Ramon, CA Professional Summary  ? 15 years of demonstrated success in Information Security, IT Governance, Risk Management, IT Asset Management and Project Management    ? IT Compliance focus areas: Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), Payment Card Industry (PCI) and HIPAA  ? Proven effective communication skills targeting all organizational levels, from CEOs to support personnel Work Experience Senior Information Security Analyst Albertsons Companies - Pleasanton, CA July 2015 to Present InfoSec lead for the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) readiness effort  ? Risk Management: Project risk assessments, Information Security regulatory compliance (HIPAA, SOX, PCI)  ? InfoSec lead for annual SOX IT audits conducted by an external auditor (Deloitte)  * Central point of contact for audit preparation, evidence gathering, meeting scheduling & issue remediation  * Creation and management of collaboration solutions (i.e. SOX IT portal, evidence trackers/repositories, WebEx sessions, shared calendars etc. )  ? Design and implementation of HIPAA security program and periodic risk assessments including generation of the HIPAA Risk Assessment Report  ? Information Security lead for the Cloud Security initiative  ? Security awareness training Senior SOX IT Analyst Gap Inc - San Francisco, CA December 2014 to July 2015 Testing and documentation of SOX ITGCC and IT automated controls  ? SOX PMO Lead for IT Infrastructure Controls  ? Coordination of efforts with domain and control owners to rationalize and streamline SOX IT controls  ? Responsibility for the SOX PMO Website and Quarterly Newsletter Principal, Software Compliance, IT Asset Management Safeway, Inc - Pleasanton, CA May 2011 to November 2014 Support for the implementation of Technology Business Management (TBM)  ? Primary lead for compliance with software licensing agreements  ? Management of a portfolio of maintenance renewals that represented annual transactions of over $16 million  ? Design and implementation of the maintenance renewal processes  ? Point of contact for contract negotiations with third party vendors  ? Support for alignment of IT contracts with strategic and budgetary objectives University of California - Davis, CA June 2012 to June 2012 IT Compliance Analyst, IT Compliance Organization (ITCO) Safeway, Inc - Walnut Creek, CA March 2007 to May 2011 IT Risk Management & Compliance  ? Design and implementation of the IT compliance program  ? Generation of IT compliance training materials  ? Identification, documentation and tracking of PCI issues  ? Management of PCI evidence repositories  ? Creation and maintenance the Information Security IT Compliance web site  ? Guidance for remediation and project teams to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements Senior IT Analyst, Controls and Compliance Organization Spansion - Sunnyvale, CA July 2006 to March 2007 Liaison between Internal and External Auditors, Business Process Owners and IT Department to coordinate SOX preparation and remediation efforts  ? Development and implementation of SOX remediation strategies  ? Creation and delivery of global training materials  ? Support for Segregation of Duties (SoD) controls leveraging SoD SAP modules  ? Development of audit and assessment documentation such as Risk Control Matrixes and compliance assessment templates Compliance Consultant Mervyns - Hayward, CA September 2004 to June 2006 Mercury Interactive, Mountain View, CA  Omnicell, Mountain View, CA  ActivCard, Fremont, CA  Extreme Networks, Santa Clara, CA  JDSU, San Jose, CA  Plumtree Software, San Francisco, CA  ? Generation of IT control documentation and technical documentation  ? Management of SOX compliance training worldwide  ? Coordination of internal resources for SOX and PCI compliance efforts  ? Generation and execution of IT control test plans  ? Documentation and presentation of test results and findings  ? Guidance for IT remediation and implementation  ? Review of 3rd party SAS 70 reports Project Coordinator (Assistant Project Manager) Paragon General Contractors - Point Richmond, CA September 2000 to September 2004 Project budgeting & scheduling  ? Contract and subcontract management  ? Client relations  ? Formulation and implementation of risk management strategies    Certifications and Professional Development  • Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) obtained in May 2016  • Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) obtained in June 2009    Certifications and Professional Development Newly Industrialized Countries, University of California - Berkeley, CA 1995 to 1995 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/joseabrian