Lead Cyber- Security Engineer III - Senior Subject Matter Expert Lead Cyber-<span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer III - Senior Subject Matter Expert Lead Cyber- Security Engineer III - Senior Subject Matter Expert - Valytics - Leidos Subcontractor Springfield, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Cyber- Security Engineer III - Senior Subject Matter Expert Valytics - Leidos Subcontractor - Tysons Corner, VA October 2018 to Present • Promoted to lead Security Engineer within the first year, due to excellent work, consistency and determination.  • Lead execution of ATO's and POA&M activities at the site, developing all supporting documentation to demonstrate resolution.  • Developed and reported (In Progress Reviews) to the Contract manager regarding the team's status, goals, milestones and achievements.  • Mentored and managed Valytics Security team members, while implementing professional development plans for success.  • Briefed DoD Point of Contact's with weekly status reports regarding open findings relating to SCAP, ACAS, IV&V; enforcing POA&M mitigation solutions to close these findings based on the severity level.  • Deployed and administered Trend Micro Cloud Security Center solutions through all Valytics furnished devices.  • Conducted risk assessments, system upgrades, software/hardware changes and compliance checks to validate the integrity of Valytics furnished systems.  • Assist in maintaining all configurations, architecture, installed software, accounts, data flows, ports, protocols, and other relevant data for each IT System and capture in design documents in MS Visio.  • Initiate, coordinate and track the patching and remediation of security weaknesses as they are discovered, via a "Plan of Actions and Milestones" (POAM), ensuring that all components of RMF are met.  • Researched new and existing security breaches that could pose a risk to the infrastructure or current systems in place, briefing employees on how to be vigilant and stay secure from current breaches  • Provide Contract oversight and guidance regarding requests to modify technical policies such as SSP rules, AV rules, CR Request, and firewall configurations for each IT system.  • Coordinated closely with internal and external stakeholders to support, monitor, test and troubleshoot software and hardware IA problems related to RMF. Cybersecurity Security Engineer II Valytics - Leidos Subcontractor - Tysons Corner, VA August 2017 to Present • Performed vulnerability and compliance scans using approved enterprise scan solutions such as (ACAS) Nessus, SCAP and HBSS to validate the host's status.  • Facilitated Certification for FIPS 199 High, Medium and Low watermark sensitivity level categorization information and information systems.  • Conducted security control assessments using NIST 800-53A guidance and as per continuous monitoring requirements.  • Assisted in the proper operation and performance of Splunk, plug-ins, loggers and building report, while analyzing security event audit log information from network security devices.  • Managed and updated an inventory of Prod, Cert and Mock hardware/software lists for the concentrated LPDH infrastructure.  • Advised and recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems methodology, 800-53A, Guide for Assessing the Security Controls in Federal Information Systems testing procedures, and NIST 800-115, Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment guidance for securing systems and network infrastructures.  • Ensured all IT staff pushed patches to all systems in an effort to maintain compliance with all applicable directives, managing system changes, and assessing the security impact of those changes.  • Developed technical solutions and new security tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks.  • Routinely performed manual checks utilizing tools such as: Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs), Configuration Guides, and System Test and Evaluation (ST&E) guides based on industry best practices as required.  • Trained new staff members to perform assessments implementing NIST 800-53A methodology and the proper use of PCAT formerly known as (HIAT).  • Performed manual generic security technical tests and audits for legacy systems in accordance with the NIST 800-53 controls for the following systems; Windows, Unix, SQL, Citrix and Linux operating systems.  • Provided artifacts and responses to all Plan of Action and & Milestones (POAMs) recorded against the system.  • Developed and updated Standard Operating Procedures in accordance with security control requirements.  • Acted as a liaison between the Department of Defense (DoD) and commercial infrastructure to ensure all security requirements are fulfilled and that application obtain / maintain an Authority to Operate (ATO) across the environment. Systems Engineer I Dyonyx - Health and Human Services - Washington, DC December 2016 to August 2017 • Provided technical support for existing applications (eRoom, Documentum, MS Project Server and Medicalcountermeasures.gov), and Microsoft Office 2010/Windows OS desktop applications.  • Utilized various government and commercial resources to research known malware, define its characteristics, and report findings and mitigation recommendations to appropriate personnel.  • Performed weekly Cybersecurity training for users on existing applications and assets, while developing new training materials.  • Planned, coordinated, and scheduled projects such as security system upgrades, software development, patching and disaster recovery testing.  • Performed Nessus vulnerability scans to detected findings and create a mitigation plan on the following operating systems; Red Hat, Windows 10, Windows 7, HHS furbished websites and IOS Devices.  • Administered the Plan of Action Milestone, while communicating effectively with developers to patch and close any findings.  • Designed, tested, and implemented secure operating systems, networks, security monitoring, tuning and management of IT security systems and applications, incident response, digital forensics, loss prevention, and eDiscovery actions.  • Initiated and performed frequent system recovery techniques such as; reimaging systems and recovering hard drive data utilizing FTK Imager.  • Scanned, evaluated and determined open port utilization, using command rules through Windows and Linux Operating Systems.  • Developed and implemented new security controls and formulated operational risk mitigations for Microsoft Surface Pro, IPad Pro and IPhones.  • Prepared, distributed, and maintained plans, instructions, guidance, and standard operating procedures (SOPs) on the security of information systems.  • Implemented redundancy practices backing up user's data daily to offsite and onsite servers.  • Installed Microsoft Windows Server, Red Hat Enterprise Server, Ubuntu Linux or VMWare ESX Server on supported x86-based hardware platforms.  • Managed Web Application threat detections and delivering reports utilizing Alert Logic Enterprise tool. Technical Analyst - IT Specialist Economic Systems Inc - Falls Church, VA August 2015 to December 2016 • Delivered Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 level service support to end-users, troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving network issues, technical hardware, development defects, PIV/CAC cards, customer request, and software changes for more than 100 Federal Agencies supporting operating systems environments such as Windows 7, 8.1, XP,10, Macintosh, MS Office, MS Exchange, G-Mail and IOS.  • Developed and implemented comprehensive test plans to ensure that systems and programs are secured and debugged managing a technical support guide in Wiki, updating and developing current and future security requirements.  • Acted as a liaison between departmental Administrators, Project Managers, Developers and other governmental organizations in the analysis, design, configuration, testing, and maintenance of federal retirement management systems to ensure optimal operational performance.  • Consulted with functional unit management and personnel to identify, define and document software needs and objectives, current operational procedures, problems, security, input and output requirements, and levels of systems access.  • Provided emergency support in case of system, network and server problems, as well as performed and monitored backup and recovery routines necessary for data protection.  • Performed network security monitoring, over-head configurations and incident response utilizing Splunk (IDS), Protocol Analyzers and Active Directory, as well as coordinating with other government agencies to record and report incidents.  • Routinely trained customers on the structure and procedure of Cybersecurity Analysis and defense. Data Analyst - IT Consultant Creative RNP - US Department of State - Washington, DC January 2015 to August 2015 • Installed, diagnosed, repaired, maintained, and upgraded all PC networking deficiencies to ensure optimal workstation performance.  • Created and developed functional requirements of systems to improve, security privileges, quality, performances, external interfaces, and constraints.  • Collaborated effectively with Engineers and Project managers regarding design parameters for assets, job plans, workflow and locations.  • Provided Tier 1 Technical services to end-users on resolving troubleshooting issues related to LAN/WAN connectivity, TCP/IP protocols, proxy servers and system compatibility, utilizing excellent network management support.  • Carefully organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.  • Assisted the Technical Staff with the implementation and testing of Demo, Integration and Production environment system patches.  • Maintained records of security monitoring and incident response activities, utilizing case management and ticketing technologies. tracking report and distribute to meeting attendees.  • Logged and tracked calls using problem management database, and maintains history records and related problem documentation. Data Analyst 1 (Temp Contract) Professional for Non-Profits - Washington, DC November 2014 to February 2015 • Conducted project planning and risk and issue management; gather, log, manage, and analyze information on the progress of the project.  • Developed and analyzed data from various databases sources, developing reports, summaries, recommendations and visual representations.  • Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly donation accounts while under tight deadlines.  • Participated in Metacred's intensive Association Credentialing Management program training:  Observing over 120 Hours (3 Weeks) of Project Management and Business Credentialing Information.  • Managed and assisted in Power Point Presentations for Business Development Strategies.  • Created reports, database strategies and business information ideas using the structure of Microsoft Office. IT Analyst (Temp Contract) Communication Workers for America - Washington, DC September 2014 to November 2014 • Assisted Software Developers in program development and updates; communicated various software issues and relays and communicate that information back to the clients.  • Review and approve test plans in advance of testing, while creating a troubleshooting manual for users.  • Assisted in planning and designing business processes; assists in formulating recommendations to improve and support business activities.  • Responsible for answering questions and performing tasks related to the receipt, review and processing  of official documents.  • Identified opportunities to improve business processes through information systems and/or non-system driver changes; assists in the preparation of proposals to develop new systems and/or operational changes. Junior Project Coordinator - IT Consultant Robert Half Office Team - Washington, DC April 2014 to September 2014 • Participated in meetings with clients to gather and document requirements and explore potential solutions.  • Supplied business initiatives through the development of actionable and measurable plans  • Created and revised systems and procedures by analyzing operation practices, office layout, personnel  requirements and recording information through Microsoft Office.  • Processed registration changes, lodging assignments and fee charges in coordination with the Customer Response and Meeting Service unit, verifying and logging in over 450 individuals into the system per day.  • Developed and assisted in slide show presentations to present company progress to the employee team.  • Coordinated business and strategic plans for the management team and the Project managers.  • Prepared substantial completion certificates and ensure all required project close out documents are obtained. Information Systems and Technology Observation - (Internship) Chenega Corporation - Alexandria, VA May 2013 to May 2014 • Answered, evaluated, and prioritized incoming telephone, voice mail, e-mail, and in-person requests for assistance from users experiencing problems with hardware, software, networking, and other system-related technical issues.  • Utilized Microsoft Office products, repaired spreadsheets with data interpretation, and performed related duties in support of project efforts.  • Assisted with project documentation, document meeting minutes and project action/task items.  • Responsible for creating and analyzing process workflows to increase efficiency with cross-functional divisions.  • Assisted service personnel in installation of hardware and peripheral components such as monitors, keyboards, printers, and disk drives. Information Technology Assistant Support - (Campus Intern Job) Liberty University - Shenandoah University - Winchester, VA January 2008 to September 2013 - Winchester, VA - January 2008 to September2013  • Assisted in the composition of firewalls and data encryption customization, to protect sensitive information.  • Managed detailed issues pertaining to trouble-shooting application databases and user name and password issues.  • Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems.  • Provided technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.  • Compiled statistical information for student reports under counselor supervision.  • Provided support for existing applications (eRoom, Documentum, MS Project Server, and Microsoft Windows desktop Applications.  • Installed and configured computer systems with numerous methods while logging customer/employee queries. Education MASTERS OF SCIENCE in Cyber- Security Engineering in Cyber- Security Engineering Southern New Hampshire University August 2016 to April 2018 BACHELOR OF ARTS in Business Administration in Business Administration Southern New Hampshire University August 2012 to June 2016 Skills Cyber Security, Cissp, Information Security, Nist, Siem, It Security, Linux, Cybersecurity, Network Security Links http://linkedin.com/in/joshua-wells-3a530089 Certifications/Licenses Security+ December 2017 to December 2020