Lead Information Security Analyst Lead Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Lead Information Security Analyst - Accrue Partners (TIAA) Charlotte, NC Work Experience Lead Information Security Analyst Accrue Partners (TIAA) June 2019 to Present Serve as a central point of contact with regulators/auditors and the business. Respond to regulator/auditor requests timely and accurately.  ? Control of management information submissions; including the gathering and packaging of artifacts through coordination and scheduling meetings with key participants/SMEs.  ? Provide assessment and assistance to the business lines' preparedness for the examination process; includes coaching/training business lines on examination protocol.  ? Coordinate and review examination response as part of quality control process. Must be able to manage issues; provide visibility and escalation, when needed. Information Security Swift Monitoring Analyst Wells Fargo December 2017 to January 2019 Application monitoring support:  ? Provide information security monitoring support for Swift Applications using Splunk for key assets identified by the Line of Business and Application team.  ? Identify, research, and provide escalation support for identified information security anomalies and threats in the system (i.e. unknown devices, system alerts, and credential misuse).  ? Partner with SMEs to identify information security monitoring opportunities and improvements to the security of monitored systems and applications.  ? Develop/maintain information security process and procedures documentation.  ? Track and monitored information security activities with metrics and assist in management reporting.  ? Occasional after-hours support (monitoring migrations, system security updates and deployments of information security tools.  ? Ability to design secure IT technologies and technology deployments.  ? Participated in Use Case Development. Cybersecurity Analyst Randstad July 2017 to September 2017 Monitored global events to identify, assess, communicate, and coordinate responses to security-related incidents.  ? Provided SIEM Utilizing FortiAnalyzer to monitor Firewalls and Secureworks-Advanced Endpoint Threat Detection Red Cloak to monitor and help remediate incidents  ? Parsed data supplied by FortiGate Firewalls and Red Cloak-Advanced Endpoint Threat Detection, providing timely reporting utilizing Excel spreadsheets building Pivot tables  ? Provided daily reports documenting threats and all suspicious events to Incident Threat Manager.  ? Supplied 24/7 Monitoring and incident response to Security Operations Center (SOC) during core duty hours  ? Reviewed Auditing systems to detect, track, and report malicious computer-related activities, threats and incidents. CISSP, CEH-Certified Ethical Hacker, CCFE-Certified Computer Forensics Examiner Infosec Institute July 2016 to September 2017 Security+, NIST, HIPAA, SOX, ISO 9001, PCI, COBIT System Engineer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC November 2014 to July 2016 Maintained the integrity of data for Testers who tested Wintel ATM/ATA's in Labs to mirror production like environment. Insured that the correct code was loaded on ATM's.  ? Worked with HP Non-Stop Tandem Servers to build records for ATM's and troubleshoot issues with ATM's within the Base 24 mainframe environment  ? Utilized HP Application Lifecycle Management to access work requests and triage Defects open by the testing teams  ? Created documentation and uploaded into the Team SharePoint site to standardize processes used in the testing labs  ? Configured the Registry Key using the Public Key Infrastructure, practicing proper IT Security standards to correctly apply application and environment configurations to managed desktops  ? Coordinated hardware support with ATM Vendors NCR and Diebold  ? Provided System Administration for Banking Center Wintel Labs with 32 Virtual LANs used to mimic banking centers (branches) so that new software for employees could be tested, as well as OS patching and image changes  ? Supported Wintel servers, Wintel workstations and peripheral equipment as well as network components using high IT Security standards  ? Facilitated file deployment via various mechanisms, defect work, documentation and notification communications  ? Provided support for Win7 desktops and Win2008 servers, and Merlin Teller and all Banking Center applications such as QTP, QC and Interact  ? Performed procedure documentation and modification via Team SharePoint  ? Supported PCI Compliant testing. Lead Data Center Engineer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC May 2013 to November 2014 Oversaw all Data Center operations including troubleshooting, repair, and installations/decommissions of all x86 servers Wintel, Unix/Linux and Vmware.  ? Served as Team Lead for Maintenance Operations at Bank of America Charlotte Data-centers  ? Implemented Win 2003, Win 2008, Linux and ESX Operating Systems upgrades and builds  ? Utilized and manipulated multiple ticketing systems which included Maximo, to document all Datacenter activities Customer Service Engineer Hewlett-Packard - Bear, DE November 2005 to August 2012 3  Delivered on-site hardware support service to large and small commercial customers by installing, configuring and maintaining systems, networks and SANs, including Wintel, Unix/Linux and OpenVms.  ? Installed and configured HP EVA and 3PAR SANs  ? Coordinated solutions of problems/projects of diverse complexity and scope  ? Acted as the project leader providing direction to team activities and facilitated information validation and team decision making process  ? Performed internal and external network monitoring, network security and network design    (Customer Service Engineer 3, .)  ? Provided network maintenance and trouble-shooting for Cisco infrastructure including routers, bridges, switches and firewalls  ? Participated in several Data Center Relocations  ? Achieved the Multiple Excellence award winner for providing outstanding customer service System Administrator Michican National Corporation - Lansing, MI November 1999 to January 2012 IT Consultant Lansing Community College - Lansing, MI August 2005 to May 2011 IT Operations Manager Springfield Clinic - Springfield, IL November 2003 to April 2011 Tech Support Consultant State of Michigan Department - Lansing, MI July 2002 to April 2010 Education Redstone Arsenal Missile Electronics United States Army Technical School Skills DNS, IIS, SECURITY, COBIT, CRYPTOGRAPHY Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Methodologies: Information Security, Wintel, SAN, Raid, LAN, WAN, FTP, Ethernet, Change Control, Disaster Recovery, Contingency Planning, Capacity Planning, Backup and Recovery, ITIL Standards, Root Cause Analysis  Databases: SQL and DSM  Languages: OpenVMS DCL, UNIX shell scripting  Software and Tools: FortiGate, Fortianalyzer, Bluecoat Proxy, Swift, Splunk, Metaploit, Snort, Wireshark, Nessus, IDS, IPS, Nmap, Cryptography ,Sniffing, Network Recon, SQL Injection, EnCase, FTK, Registry Recon, Autopsy, Microsoft IIS, Win 2000 RAS & Terminal Services Client, QTP, QC, Remedy, Microsoft Office, Legato Backup, Backup Exec, Connect Direct and Enterprise, MS Exchange, Lotus Notes, Norton & MacAfee Antivirus, Autosys, Netmeeting, ECQ, Outside View32, MUMPS/DSM, Citrix, HPE SIM, HP Library Tape Tools, Tandem Utilities(TACL,Pathcom,Tedit) , Sunquest, DEC Datatrieve, RDB, RMS,  Operating Systems: OpenVMS, Linux, WinNT/2003/2008/XP, Windows 7/8, Unix/Solaris/IRIX/True64/VMware ESX, Base24, Active Directory  Protocols: TCP/IP, Token Ring, Decnet, SNA, DHCP, WINS, DNS, Public Key Infrastructure,  Hardware: HP & 3PAR SAN, HP & Cisco Network Devices, Avaya Phone Switches, IBM/HP/Dell Servers  Standards: NIST, HIPAA, SOX, ISO 9001, PCI, COBIT  FUNCTIONAL SKILLS  ? A broad knowledge of computer networking, log analysis and information security operations and principles.  ? Knowledge and understanding of banking or financial services industry with over 5 years' experience.  ? Knowledge and understanding of the SWIFT with about 1 year of working experience.  ? Good understanding of the TCP/IP protocol suite.  ? Experience sniffing/capturing live traffic for troubleshooting network events/anomalies.  ? Experience with Windows, Linux and UNIX, ability to navigate these file systems and perform basic troubleshooting.  ? Familiar with and possesses a working knowledge of Firewalls.  ? Experience working in large Enterprise environment as a team member or independently with little oversight.  ? Familiar with computer intrusions and malicious code.  ? Completed money laundering, threat finance, fraud and e crime training.  ? Experience with Splunk Enterprise Logging capabilities.  ? Able to demonstrate working knowledge of Use Case development.  ? Wells Fargo Line of Business Experience.