Senior Platform Engineer Senior Platform Engineer Senior Platform Engineer - American Airlines Phoenix, AZ Work Experience Senior Platform Engineer American Airlines - Tempe, AZ February 2016 to Present Responsible for bridging new/existing gaps within Security Operations hardware-software boundaries  • Submit security control requests for changes to access/ security controls (Cherwell)  • Works with cross-departmental peers and 3rd party partners, to perform: monitoring & upgrades  • Responds to and report IT security incidents (routine to moderate severity) & coordinate resolution efforts with Information Security leadership team for critical or serious incidents  • Develop security tool and process documentation as required  • Monitor network applications and enforce compliance (PCI & SOX) standards and guidelines; Track resolution of findings and prepare reports (Splunk and Q-Radar)  • Perform application patching and upgrades  • Keeps abreast of current risks, security issues, threats, protection strategies, and regulatory developments Data Research Analyst - Contractor Nielsen Media Research via Modis - Oldsmar, FL July 2015 to December 2015 Provided statistical data research for all forms of network media campaigns  • Work closely with clients and business stakeholders to develop, implement, refine and/or continuously manage measurement programs in accordance with client specifications, proactively providing ongoing recommendations as appropriate  • Effectively interpret client requests and use tactical insight to develop a strategy to meet the client s needs and satisfy underlying questions  • Analyze and present client measurement program findings in a clear, compelling fashion, offering succinct recommendations that address areas of critical importance to the client & research team. (MySQL)  • Effectively prioritize tasks, balancing multiple work streams simultaneously (IssueTrack)  • Continuously meet strict deadlines while producing high quality (client-ready) deliverables Security Operations Center Analyst (SOC) American Express- via Advantage Resourcing - Saint Petersburg, FL April 2015 to July 2015 Saint Petersburg, FL - April 2015 to July 2015  Used Splunk and SolarWinds monitoring and SEIM ( Security Event Information and Management) platform tools, to identify, analyze and mitigate platform intrusions and security risks.  • Utilized various malware/spyware identification tools, to analyze, detect and assess system threats.  • Monitored network traffic for: lulls, surges, anomalies and violations. (SolarWinds)  • Adjusted, granted, and verified IAM and provisioning. (Splunk)  • Dissected critical event logs to determine level to cyber-attacks / breeches and reported finding reports to interdepartmental superiors.  • Monitor and adjust batch jobs to ensure successful completion. (MoveIT) Data and Compliance Management Analyst - Contractor The Judge Group - Saint Petersburg, FL March 2015 to July 2015 Partnered with PwC Compliance Team to implement Sarbanes-Oxley/FISMA infrastructure.  • Data mined contract repository for requested contract metadata.  • Aggregated and analyzed repository metadata, to determine level of risk exposure.  • Provided financial analysis of contract proposals, mergers and risks.  • Streamlined contract repository to include/return pertinent audit data.  • Revised user roles, within IAM (Identity Access Management) PKI metrics. Data/ Security Analyst- Remote Contractor Optimized - Scottsdale, AZ January 2010 to February 2015 online presence and increased company's digital footprint.  • Adjusted and implemented keyword strategies to improve Google search engine rank.  • Performed keyword research and determined cost per click ROI.  • Developed keyword rich content articles, to entice viewer engagement for online products and services.  • Maintained site security by updating SSL certificates, page encryption and server-side data validation. IT Senior Data Processor Security Operations Center WellCare - Tampa, FL June 2008 to December 2009 Monitored Security Event Incident Management platform alarms to ensure a claims process SLAs were achieved.  • Accounted for daily processed batch jobs for EDI-Claims (837 files) from Third Party Administrator. (MoveIT)  • Provided risk assessments on infrastructure intrusions and data loss.  • Dissected internal event logs to detect platform breach events.  • Used Microsoft Active Directory (IAM), to authenticate users and computers to ensure HIPAA Compliance. Education B.A. in American Studies Pre-Law ECKERD COLLEGE - Saint Petersburg, FL May 2014 Skills DNS, SECURITY, ITIL, PCI, SOX