Chief Audit Executive Chief Audit Executive Chief Audit Executive - PJM INTERCONNECTION LLC Philadelphia, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Chief Audit Executive PJM INTERCONNECTION LLC - Norristown, PA 2012 to Present Direct and support internal audit team of 8 members in performing and reviewing all regulatory, compliance, NERC CIP Readiness Assessments, cyber security, operational, financial, information systems, vendor risk management, FCPA, GDPR, and information security audits. Serve concurrently as department Project Manager and financial manager, controlling department overall expenses and capital budget. Provide regular reports and status updates to Audit Committee, Board of Managers, and Executive Management while reporting directly to CEO and Audit Committee.  Key Accomplishments:  • Perform annual risk assessments and continually update or revise annual audit plans based on performance to proactively meet evolving needs.  • Ensure continuous improvement and ongoing compliance through creation, enforcement, and training in all internal security policies.    • Implementation and evaluation of Cyber Security Program and controls.  • Provide cyber security guidance and training to employees and stakeholders in the program.  • Established readiness and knowledge successful in implementing and achieving ISO27001, ISO27032, and SCADA and SOC1 compliance certifications.  • Serve as Vendor Security Reviews, Information Security & Records Retention Champion.  • Responsible for administering PJM's Ethics Hotline and coordination of reported incident investigations.  • Manage a team of 8 internal employees and a team of 20 external auditors. NRG ENERGY, INC - Princeton, NJ 2010 to 2012 Director of Financial and Cyber Security Audits NRG ENERGY, INC 2010 to 2012 Directed and supported internal audit team of 8 members in performing and reviewing all regulatory, compliance, NERC CIP Readiness Assessments, cyber security, operational, financial, information systems, vendor risk management, FCPA, GDPR, and information security audits. Served concurrently as department Project Manager and financial manager, controlling department overall expenses and capital budget. Provided regular reports and status updates to Audit Committee, Board of Managers, and Executive Management.  Key Accomplishments:  • Ensured continuous improvement and ongoing compliance through creation, enforcement, and training in all financial, cyber and internal security policies.  • Performed cyber security risk management tasks and evaluated cyber security program controls.  • Built and leveraged relationships with External Auditors to collaborate on all audits and diverse projects.  • Earned promotion after less than one year with company based on exceptional aptitude for leadership, outstanding performance, and proven knowledge of audit methodologies and regulations.  • Performed fraud investigations as needed, leveraging in-depth knowledge of regulations and compliance laws.  • Evaluated and adjustment annual audit plans and strategies based on annual IT risk assessment.  • Managed a team of 7 internal employees and 15 external auditors. Vice President of Global Cyber & IT Security Audit CAPMARK - Horsham, PA 2008 to 2010 Executed and evaluated all phases of audit planning and performance for cyber security, technology, information security, B2B, eCommerce, Vendor Security reviews, FFIEC, FCPA compliance, and financial controls in domestic and international operations. Collaborated with External Auditors to complete all IT projects and audits. Managed department overall expenses and capital budget. Reported directly to SVP Internal Audits.  Key Accomplishments:  • Performed cyber security risk management tasks and evaluated cyber security program controls.  • Built and launched IT audit department and functionality from ground up including security policy design and training, subsequently achieving organizational compliance with Sarbanes Oxley regulations.  • Successfully maximized utilization of resources in collaboration with Operational and External auditors.  • Proactively identified and developed solutions to IT risks, cyber security, audit plans, and execution for both global Capmark Financial Services and Capmark Bank servicing U.S., Japan, and Ireland.  • Managed a team of 10 internal employees and five external contractors. IT Audit & Security Manager GLAXOSMITHKLINE - Philadelphia, PA 2004 to 2008 Executed and evaluated all phases of audit planning and performance for technology, cyber and information security, Vendor Security, FCPA, and financial controls in domestic and international operations. Oversaw SAP/ERP implementation both nationally and globally. Managed IT department budget and expenses.    Key Accomplishments:  • Spearheaded recruitment, coaching, training, and ongoing mentorship of international team of 25 members.  • Earned status as Subject Matter Expert and primary Point of Contact for cyber security, offshore/outsourcing vendor audits.  • Served as Vendor Security Reviews, Information Security & Records Retention Champion. IT Audit & Security Manager ING FINANCIALS - New York, NY August 2000 to August 2004 • Responsibilities included conducting all phases of audit planning and execution for technology, eCommerce, information security and financial audits in both domestic and international operations.  • Member of the Latin America Information Security Group - Group was responsible for security policy creation, enforcement, training, and development of controls for all of Latin American offices (Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Puerto Rico). Responsibilities also included evaluation of systems/applications that collected, processed and/or stored PII and management and implementation of controls designed to protect sensitive and confidential data.  • Participate in Fraud Investigations and Financial Audits (15%)  • Supervision of 13 direct staff members.  • Managed IT budget of approximately $300 million. Senior Automation Analyst FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF PHILADELPHIA August 1999 to August 2000 • Responsible for aligning the overall business application development strategy with department's business goals and objectives.  • Member of the leadership team responsible for providing ongoing direction and feedback for all business application development initiatives across multiple businesses to meet agreed upon business objectives and financial targets.  • Managed the Security and Information Systems Audit function including quality assurance and security functions for all Cash Services Department computing services to ensure compliance with Federal Reserve Systems regulations.  • Responsible for department's Audit Preparedness Program. The program objective was to conduct mock audits of all (or selected areas based on risk) security, compliance and policy/procedure assessments for the department on a periodic basis looking to examine overall security levels in the environment and in policy/procedural areas to ensure that the required processes were identified, developed, scheduled for implementation and implemented and ensure audit readiness.  • Responsible for managing department's incident and problem escalation overall efforts. Development and Acquisition, Operations, and E-banking.  • Performed FFIEC review of banking institutions within geographical coverage locations (New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware)  • Responsible for managing training and IT budget. FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF PHILADELPHIA - Philadelphia, PA October 1997 to August 2000 Senior Training and Internal Control Systems Analyst FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF PHILADELPHIA October 1997 to August 1999 • Accountable for analyzing, across two shifts, internal controls and custody controls related to operating systems, procedures, and valuables handling and for conducting management audits on a continuous basis to advise management of possible problems in these control areas; for training staff in custody controls and other skills needed in operations.  • Responsible for Security policy creation, enforcement and training.  • Accountable for coordinating and managing the department's internal audit and quality action program and ensuring program is in compliance with control standards and departmental and Bank objectives.  • Responsibilities encompassed regulatory, operational and automation audits for a two-shift operation. Direct supervision of three staff members.  • Provided training related to the protection of sensitive and confidential information, Federal Reserve Board policies and regulations and internal controls to two shifts.  • Promoted to Senior Automation Analyst job. Senior Internal Auditor (Examiner) UNITED STATES SECUTRITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION - Washington, DC December 1994 to October 1997 • Performed full financial/operational audits of broker dealers, transfer agents, investment advisors, and investment companies.  • Reviewed new system design projects and changes to computer programs to insure adequate controls and audit trails are included. Verified controls and tested the accuracy of automated systems.  • Provided training to new employees on audit and report writing techniques. Direct supervision and training of six staff members.  • Reached career growth upper tier and decided to move for promotion of career to FRB. Human Resources Specialist February 1993 to December 1994 Responsibilities included (for over 1000 employees nationwide and related specifically to IT jobs):  • Recruiting and staffing logistics;  • Performance management and improvement systems;  • Organization development;  • Employment and compliance to regulatory concerns and reporting;  • Employee orientation, development, and training;  • Policy development and documentation;  • Employee relations;  • Company-wide committee facilitation;  • Company employee communication;  • Compensation and benefits administration;  • Employee safety, welfare, wellness and health; and  • Employee services and counseling.  • Promoted to Senior Compliance Examiner (Senior Auditor) United States ARMY - Stuttgart, DE August 1989 to September 1991 Education Master of Science in Engineering in (MSE), Technology Management UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA - Philadelphia, PA 2003 Bachelor of Business Administration in Computer Information Systems University of Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR Skills Portuguese, German, French, Manufacturing Experience Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E3