Information Technology Specialist (Customer Support, Database Admin, IT Security, Policy & Planning) Information Technology Specialist (Customer Support, Database Admin, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span>, Policy &amp; Planning) Information Technology Specialist (Customer Support, Database Admin, IT Security, Policy & Planning) - Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Temple Hills, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Specialist (Customer Support, Database Admin, IT Security, Policy & Planning) Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) - Fort Meade, MD October 2007 to Present 10/2007 - Present.  GS-2210-12  Hours: 40 per week.    -System Data Administrations and Customer Support: -  • Provide support to customers to ensure IT lines of business are in compliance performing exceptions resolutions, and logging their findings  in the system database.  • Gather large number of financial data and data sets to identify functional  areas that need review or depicts a gap for analysis. (i.e., data new need  enhancement or data analysis).  • Researched and load metadata to SharePoint database document library  for research. (i.e., review for IT investment gaps, strategic initiatives, or depict a financial liability).  • Data analysis for upload to the financial database for IT investments that  can help end-users to optimize their legacy systems, and enhance their IT  system requirements).  • Work with customers to solve technical problems with hardware and software (i.e., support and assistance to comptroller's office - CFO - staff  with desktop or laptop terminal issues; and dual monitor issues).  • Communicate to end users and customers on new or changed IT  Database systems, software, and security guidelines.  • Create and maintain financial database records of acquisition orders and monitor users' items device orders.  • Resolve or provide IT problem solver solution to end user or customers;  provide customer phone follow-up to ensure the solution to the customer  is satisfactory.  • Ensure customer usability of desktop computer and peripherals are  within established CFO standards and guidelines while ensuring  optimum equipment performance.  • Ability to establish and maintain a good working relation with customers  in order to provide support and resolve issues (i.e., resolved issues when external customer is having problem accessing the comptroller's office  financial data stored in the financial database.  • Perform CFO, pc hardware and software inventory check; multi-task in helping in the rollout of Comptroller office -CFO - new technology  solutions (i.e., Assist in the development of SharePoint sites, Portal users  group access; assist in MS Office Suite installations, and MS Outlook  issues).  • Provide excellent customer service and problem-solving skills (i.e., listen  and resolved a user of CFO site upload issue, and when task was  completed, I explained to the user CFO policies and process).  • Developed, planned, and conducted backup and restore in a database  management environment and evaluated the impact of the implementation to the customers through surveys.  • Work independently and efficiently integrating legacy systems financial  into a new application system with access security controls, exception  reporting, and system configurations, to meet deadlines and established  response times.  • Perform analysis of datasets for quality check, and for data quality  Assurance reporting on a quarterly basis.  • Perform financial system design analysis with tools such as MS Designer, and MS Visio.  • Manage tactical communications equipment's in support to the mission at the time.  • Advice customers and users on new database customer features and access methods; Maintain database version control; including testing with  internal customer using MS SQL queries reporting tool.  • Assume the responsibility for self-development and my career  progressions.  • During program planning and development, provided special attention  to customer's feedback and trends to ensure attention to detail reflect  customer's point of view, and needs.    • Review and collaborate in the development of ongoing compliance  monitoring reports and request; IT compliance monitoring by established  internal controls procedures by examining records and review operating  practices; including best practices.  • Establish a dashboard for documenting, actions concerning policies and procedures; Alerts on IT Program objective planning, training and  schedules for each upcoming cycle.  • Evaluate financial database performance to identify and address  inefficiencies.  • Utilized innovation tools (MS Project, MS Visio). i.e.: Best practice for end users, and customers to monitor customer's timelines and projects.  • Analyze system installations of new hardware or software introduced  into the environment to ensure they are compliant with system, policies, and security guidelines.    - IT Cybersecurity (Audit), Policy and Planning:-  • Ensure risk and vulnerabilities are manage by performing vulnerability  test on application software's (i.e., McAfee daily scan).  • Inspect IT systems and applications with specific attention to identifying  unusual trends in reporting or actions that appears to have potential  safety problems.  • Send out information security awareness report, and support and participate in DoD national awareness and education events.  • Ensure potential IT security disaster situations are in place and adhere to, such as intrusion detection effective software's, firewalls are available of  computer resources (i.e., ensure business continuity and disaster recovery  plans are in place to offset any internal or unintentional acts.  • Evaluate security incidents and determine what responses, if any, is  needed and coordinate a response with the agency incident response  team.  • Develop and support information systems security audit and reporting.  • Provide the vision and strategies planning necessary to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of acquisition software's audits,  by communicating to senior leaders any risk discovered during audit.  • Enforce Audit policies to ensure software and data centers compliance the regulatory requirements and standards. (i.e., coordinate activities with  other internal division to report information security awareness).  • Perform data center Audit and gather supporting and draft audit report  of identifying issues, and perform recommendations.  • Involved in information security strategies, short and long term to support DISA goals and objectives. (i.e., ensure effective controls are in  place to minimize any information security risk).  • Communicate to management any risk and provide recommendations to mitigate security incidents.  • Implement and process information security policies and procedures.  • Assist clients to ensure data or hardware compliance to ensure the equipment adheres to government IT audits, IT Operation Security  (OPSEC), standards and requirements.  • Perform briefings on security updates, and standards.  • Perform direct user support and issue resolutions using trouble tickets  system.  • Developed and update an information security compliance dashboard  (i.e., SharePoint portal) for financial team reporting, and the follow-up on all open audit action items to ensure successful closure of open findings.  • Assume the responsibility for self-development and my career  progressions.  • Team player - Army Strong.    - IT Database Administration, Support & Maintenance: -  • Install, test, and implement modifications to existing Financial Database  system or applications software's.  • Develop Data and Database test plan for each modifications or release, to include review software for compliance and functionality independently  or in a shared team environment.  • Prepare and plan desktop application software, and web pages are unit  tested before implementation ensuring process is ready for quality  control, and ready for validation by the user.  • Coordinate with users a user test plan of installed software and hardware  to ensure expected outcome are in compliance, and expected results are  satisfactory to the user.  • Perform vulnerability analysis and rick management reports if IT  resources, of installed application systems to ensure applications system  security plans and policies are adequate.  • Develop and document backup and restore process plan to ensure  continuity and coverage to the Agency Comptroller Financial Database  and SharePoint Document libraries (i.e., to minimize libraries endurance, no service interruptions).  • Evaluate and implement security procedures and requirements during Program Objective Memorandum (POM) from planning to development  to ensure compliance with DoD CIO category policies and to ensure  integrity requirements are followed.  • Review and with attention to detail to ensure financial SharePoint site  security access is reliable and accessible to Resource Management  Center/Comptroller taking in to account the nature and sensitivity of the information provided to the user (i.e., restrict access to sensitive area  Resource Management Center (RMC) Financial database on SharePoint  site.  • Maintain internal controls, and update applications security setting.  • Responsible for accountability of all Financial Management Division  branch IT assets (installed Software Licenses, and installed Hardware,  including connected Monitors) ensure security usage and policy are  adhere to in all phases of planning phases (i.e., integrate security and automation during any of the manual process).  • Brief mission partners on IT initiatives updates, and request customer  feedback through Customer Surveys or lessons learned reports.  • IT Specialist involving in all phases of Resource Management Division IT  system operations and maintenance (i. e., The Planning and Programming  phase of RM Program Budget Analysis; Issue Papers and Programmatic  Request, and Unfunded Requirements reviews).  • Provide Technical expertise in updating and developing capabilities for DISA CIO Community of Practice (COP) web site on DISA Enterprise  Portal Services (DEPS) landing pages.  • Support and manage DISA DoD IT Portfolio Repository (DITPR) database  access, registrations, and statutory compliance reporting. (i.e., Maintain and manage access to the database, and registration inventory, data  review reporting for completeness and accuracy, including making the  environment user-friendly using SharePoint Designer development  tools).  • Ensure IT programs and Data Center Reporting are streamlined to DoD  CIO usage (i.e., communicate to users the reporting process usage or any  new features that is present from planning initiatives).  • Review and approve IT automation plan, evaluate criteria's to expedite a final report with recommendations to ensure desired factors such as  software planning, and licensing and mission needs are prior to spending  on IT assets (i.e., application software has been recommended by the compliance working group).  • Ensure that IT assets comply with DoD/DISA IT Assets Compliance  Guidelines. Create or developed an IT compliance SharePoint site to maintain compliance stored data in the Data Center Reporting system.  • Define supporting policies, and IT standards and data access controls.  • Perform data quality analysis exceptions to include source, type of issues  and impact to the data.  • Propose recommendations for an improved automated tool to eliminate  or minimize manual reviews or dispositions of data.    -Web Administrator (DEPS SharePoint Development): -  • Create and develop SharePoint Site Collection Team Project and create a Document Library for each Team.  • Evaluate SharePoint database files performance to identify and address  inefficiencies.  • Collaborate with other financial staff and teams to solve design problems  and to provide workflow improvements.  • Maintain security access guidelines for SharePoint usage and access.  • Perform Program planning fiscal year SharePoint site database access  review (i.e., to ensure program managers are still performing the same  functions as agreed upon from previous cycle).  • Use Windows with SharePoint in creating users group in a relational  database environment (i.e., Oracle, SQL usage).  • Manage, Review and provide permissions control access to the agency  internal sites and contents i.e., provide access to libraries, list, folders or documents levels.  • Perform IT systems assessments & DEPS SharePoint evaluations i.e.: to ensure program database documents, and Portals, comply with agency  policies.  • Serve as the person responsible for implementing security guidelines and recommendations on RMC DEPS SharePoint site upload developments.  • Support application software installation, maintenance and updates the agency internal application business platforms i.e., MS Office 2010, and  2013 Enterprise, and Windows Enterprise Edition.  • Support, Installation and optimization of agency financial Database, and other storage devices, including the use of utility tools for contingency  operations (i.e., backup and restore process).  • Review and recommend or modify the database for efficiencies. Plan the migration of database data to a new version of the database.  • Review financial resource request to verity accuracy with the agency  financial database. Using MS Excel or as a transitional calculation tool.  • Maintain RMC system software, hardware, system operations and maintenance; including the development of IT standard operating  procedures documentations.  • Independently give IT guidance, solutions and proposals on regulations  and administration planning.    -Knowledge Management (KM) Process: -  • Have written technical papers (i.e.: Technical subjects matters that has general  view and strategic policies for the directorate of strategic planning).  • Presenting oral technical subjects to diverse groups. (i.e.: Presentations that  reflect step-by-step users guide in the use of agency Strategic Opportunities  document library, metadata and database access.  • Applied and used software (MS VB, MS SQL, C++/ C#) design code and integrate with MS Access Database; system test and evaluation for  implementation.  • Knowledge of Cyber Technology Compliance and certification process as defined by the software capability lifecycle process.  • Use best practices to generate alternatives and recommendations (i.e., convert  and upload Excel reports to a MS Access database).  • Developed, Implemented and maintained an alternative SharePoint Document  Library, process and method, program review and budget submission system; A  process to upload IT investment budget request for unfunded resources to a SharePoint document Library for review by the Planning and Programming  Team.  • Designed, Developed of Data review and document review SharePoint Site;  Changed the process from MS Excel and Outlook process to a Dashboard  publisher method that shoe request status (completed, in-progress, not started,    or canceled). A much improved and up to date online status report for the agency.  • Assist and ensure the agency financial planning development phase, security  requirements and policy, including records management (maintenance and disposition) are supported at all SharePoint database sub sites levels.  • Provide expert opinion on information security policies to ensure that these are  updated based upon new security guidelines, or regulatory requirements.  • Review acquisition Investments product request to ensure compliance with Americans with Disability Act, Section 508. (i.e., Ensure websites, Word  documents, Power Point documents, programming applications Section 508 are  included); Also, are included, an IT feasibility improvement in their process as it  related to cost savings, or data center optimization. (i.e., providing efficient  management of defense resources, funding, and mission requirements).  • Provide technical guidance to users during requirements formulation and request for modification to financial resources.  • Assist in the formulation, presentation and execution of the agency annual  operating budget report and briefs.  • Review IT policy requirements on assets in order to safeguard the risk  associated with the assets (i.e. Perform reviews to ensure effective use of guideline and policies)  • Review and validate financial estimates planning submissions from center  departments, and to make recommendations from their program request  projections. Computer Specialist/ Assistant US Department of Agriculture - Washington, DC March 2006 to October 2007 GS-0335-07  Hours: 40 per week.    • Perform program support and updates to USDA Legacy Internal Database  Systems.  • Ensure communication devices maintenance through routine inspections;  ensuring timely and satisfaction completion (i.e., increasing readiness).  • Administer routine test and system operations to radio communications  • Perform analysis of datasets for quality check, and for data quality plan  reporting.  • Review equipment requirements to determine data validity and accuracy.  • Install video and night vision equipment's.  • Perform program support and administrative support, such as update Database  request.  • Monitor and measure hardware and software performance against system  standards.  • Use MS Excel and MS Access to illustrate table and reporting results with a graph.  • Report problem resolution and descriptions of problem and documenting the corrective actions needed to resolve the problem (hardware or software).    • Familiarity with Department Of Home Land Security regulations as it relates to US Department of Agriculture.  • Constant review of USDA security advisory documentations.  • Problem solving: Identify problems and evaluate alternatives and make  recommendations to management.  • Provide Windows desktop support. IT Application Software Instructor Inter-Active College Of Technology - Morrow, GA April 2004 to 2006 • Perform Instructions, Recruiting, Advising, and Program Development as follows:  • Recruiting:- Facilitate recruitment plans involving high schools, and concentrate in students that affect future enrolment. Including follow-up  with contacts from high schools.  • Advising:- Partner prospective students by email, phone call, or other  communications forms to encourage and assist with administration, advising, and ICT college enrollments.; assist students in developing a  career academic plan that reflect their career goals.  • Program Development:- Collaborate with partners to develop effective  ways to assist prospective students with college access and collage  planning; use technology in the academic advance process (i.e., use  computers and computer software's - Microsoft Office 360.  • Instructions:- Prepare students for Microsoft office usage (Word, Excel  and Power Point, and C/C++).  • Verify Students acceptance evaluation admission scores.  • Develop and maintain ICT public web site to include also, branding and collaboration with ICT national digital media team.  • Serve as the lead to review production video and photos content and developing communications documents.  • Use best practices and government standards web technologies and platforms to develop and maintain (i.e., Microsoft Share Point Tool) to  extend an effective web site for ICT.  • Prepare students for Microsoft office usage (Word, Excel and Power Point, and C/C++).  • Verify Students acceptance evaluation admission scores.  • Provide students instructions in web base HTML  • Business applications software development.  • Support and implement training to students  • Coach students in their educational interest  • Use recruitment and retention challenges to improve competitive postures for applicant recruitment and posture new talent's. Application System Programmer/ Analyst Sun Trust Bank, Inc - Atlanta, GA August 1999 to November 2004 • Enforce Audit policies to ensure software and data centers compliance the regulatory requirements and standards.  • Developed and implemented Financial Applications for Sun Trust Bank IBM  Mainframes.  • Develop and perform Software unit testing and test plan to ensure that users  request for changes or updates are operational and complete and in compliant with regulations and standards.  • Install and configure vendor financial application software.  • Coordinate patches or application software updates with vendors or customers  to ensure upgrades or new features are in compliant before unit test and implementation on to the Mainframe.  • Knowledge using "Computer Associates Inter-Test" test Tool in a CICS  application programming environment, directly in the source code; to resolve  interactively as they occur on the mainframe  • Knowledge and used Visual Studio 2014 debugging tool for C++ and C#.  • Knowledge reviewing commercial off the shelf applications for potential usage  in the Savings, Checking and Marketing Departments.  • Designed and implemented a check process database; coded and programmed  an automated check fraud system to detect fraudulent checks for the Check  Processing Department. A process that benefited the Audit Department and the Risk Assessment Department.  • Analyzed, designed, develop, tested, install, and implemented banking  applications on a mainframe and a client server database environment using MS  SQL, T-SQL, and MS Access Database.  • Translate user requirements user requirements into logical steps, using SQL for reporting.  • Maintain frame banking database using applications development tools: HTML, MS VISUAL BASIC. MS Access, C++, and some C#, Visual Studio Web  frameworks.  • Primary IT support for delivering enhancements and new technology  functionality (i. e,: deliver check processing audit programs to SunTrust fraud  department).  • Perform Hardware and Banking Applications Software development in an IBM  Mainframe computing environment.  • Support for an orderly transition from Legacy System to full modern compliance  system.  • Use high-level languages to perform Business software change management and Job Control Languages for updates submissions the computing Mainframe.  • Work with customers to convert user requirement request to applications  programming actions.  • Use mainframe Utility (IEBCOPY) to perform storage management on Virtual  Storage databases environment. Army 1975 to 1977 Hours: 40 per week.    US Army Engineering School (Fort Belvoir)  Special Equipment Repair and Maintenance Services / Radio Communications.    • Oversee routine test and system operations to radio and telecommunications  equipment's.  • Develop and coordinate communications equipment's Test Plan and monitor the test to its completion with follow up telephone calls or emails.  • Define radio communications scope and requirements; determining systems  enhancements, changes, or upgrades that will provide systems improvements.  • Categorize and document communications equipment's, verifying and validating Radio and Night Vision frequencies for accuracy and compliance  with policy and standards.  • Identify equipment concerns and consulting with the customer to identify  requests, or improvements.  • Review equipment policy and procedure for maintenance.  • Review Night Vision, Video and Audio equipment availability and operational  services.  • Install and maintain night vision, and audio communication equipment's.  • Analyze equipment requirements to determine their functionality, and electrical  data validity.    Related MS Word Certification  Trainings / MS Power Pont Certification Education Bachelors in Computer Science in Computer Science Boston University - Boston, MA Skills Database, Relational database, C#, C++, Systems analysis, Sharepoint, Ms sharepoint, Cobol, Ibm mainframe, Mainframe, Tandem, Scheduling, Help Desk, It Specialist, Information Technology, Desktop Support Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E4 Additional Information Competencies Management - Network Management and Coordination  of Projects Design -- Maintain applications  - IT Systems Analysis and Design - IT Systems Analysis and Source codes (C, C++,  - Knowledge of IBM Mainframe Design COBOL, C#)  Tandem - Financial DB Quality _ MS SharePoint  - Mainframe Dataset usage Assurance & Access Development  - Relational Database usage - Project Management & _ Multi-Tasking  - Mainframe Programming Scheduling _  _ Provide Windows desktop _ Policy and Planning  support