Corporate Travel Agent Corporate Travel Agent Corporate Travel Agent - American Express Global Business Travel Richmond, VA Goal oriented, self-starter and long-time service representative with over 25 years of experience responding compassionately to clients' concerns and complaints. Extensive experience arranging local and international travel events. Excellent listening and interpersonal skills ensuring each contact is documented and resolved efficiently and timely. Possesses necessary soft skills, excellent written and verbal skills to represent a company in the best way possible. Able to multi-task, learn new technology easily and train others. Ability to develop trusting relationships with both co-workers, vendors and clients. Proficient in data entry, problem tracking and reporting, and basic math. Able to work independently and remotely without supervision. Communicates easily with all management levels. Work Experience Corporate Travel Agent American Express Global Business Travel - Richmond, VA November 2018 to Present - Virtual   ? Organized and arranged international and domestic travel for large international accounts ? Utilized Apollo/Travelport/Smartpoint Global Distribution System as well as RezOnePlus, Profile  Expert+, Hotel Guide Direct, Outlook 2016, CiscoJabber, Cisco Finesse, Mobile Messaging, Live Engage Corporate Travel Agent Covington International Travel - Richmond, VA September 2005 to April 2013 Lead Call Center/Help Desk Analyst, I.T. Network Security Administrator Wyeth Pharmaceuticals - Richmond, VA April 2000 to November 2004 Richmond, Virginia.  April 2000 - November 2004   ? Assisted users via phone and remote access with hardware problems for desk tops, laptops and printers.  ? Escalated issues that exceeded phone support to the appropriate support groups when necessary.  ? Reset user passwords and unlocked accounts.  ? Developed and tested Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for business compliance initiative.  ? Developed and assisted in implementation of new business processes, policies and guidelines.  ? Developed effective training documentation for current staff, new hires and clients.  ? Developed and maintained information system project plans and calendars.  ? Developed and distributed clear and concise communications to clients on various outages, upgrades and other system issues.  ? Interviewed business groups and subject matter experts regarding industry best-practices for new software applications.  ? Conducted interviews with prospective support center technicians.  ? Tracked all user issue tickets to resolution communicating with both vendors and co-workers. Assistant Branch Manager Covington International Travel - Richmond, VA 1986 to 1999 Organized and arranged international and domestic travel with a high rate of repeat business.  ? Assisted clients face to face, via email and in a call center environment.  ? Worked with clients and vendors to resolve problems and answered questions timely and efficiently.  ? Organized and arranged group travel for small and mid-size groups of up to 500 travelers resulting in repeat business.  ? Utilized industry standard airline and reservation applications - Galileo (formerly Apollo), Sabre and Concur.  ? Assisted clients remotely from home office providing additional client availability.  ? First point of contact for branch employees for all employee, client and hardware issues ? Worked with multi-line phone system to answer and direct incoming calls. Education High school Skills Active Directory (Less than 1 year), AS400 (Less than 1 year), CALL DETAIL RECORD (Less than 1 year), CDR (Less than 1 year), printers. (4 years), Booking, Tourism Assessments Call Center Customer Service — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate customer service skills in a call center setting. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/73tnxlvvkcnepcdc Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SOFT SKILLS    ? Attention to detail ? Able to show empathy  ? Friendly and positive personality ? Effective listener  ? Able to learn new subject matter easily ? Able to negotiate difficult conflicts  ? Able to multi-task ? Able to develop strong product knowledge  ? Excellent verbal and written skills ? Able to document and track conflicts  ? Able to work with subject matter experts and vendors ? Able to arrange both domestic and international travel events    COMPUTER AND HARDWARE SKILLS  ? Operating Systems: Windows 95, 98, 2000, 7, 8, Windows NT Server 4.0, NT Workstation 4.0, MSDos, Novell, Mainframe, AS400    ? Applications: SQL Lims, Lotus Notes, SAP, Sales Reporting System (SRS), IRI, CDR Tracker, EDD, MSDS, Console One, Zenbrowser, Application Explorer, Internet Explorer, MS Access, MS Project, Visio, Crystal Reports, MS Power Point, Active Directory    ? Hardware: Server and PC installations, HP, Lexmark, Zebra, Epson, & Pitney Bowes printers