Technical Writer (Contract) Technical Writer (Contract) Technical Writer /Procedure Development Project Manager Warminster, PA Work Experience Technical Writer (Contract) CRC INDUSTRIES - Horsham, PA April 2019 to Present • Documentation processing for fast-paced Information Technology department.   • Documentation processing for Disaster Recovery. Documentation review (general proofreading, editing and re-writing, content consistency, formatting).   • Document revision control and coordination with multiple SMEs.   • General documentation support for IT team, including scanning of paper documentation for archiving.   • Documentation assistance for IT personnel as needed. Technical Writer /Procedure Development Project Manager CENLAR - Ewing, NJ 2017 to 2018 Ensure all policies and procedures capture a complete view of all activities and processes within and across business areas company-wide.  ? Gather, assess, and confirm interpretation of new and/or changing policies and procedures.  ? Develop update and maintain the online policies and procedures using specialized software and internally developed processes.  ? Create policies and procedure consistent with and resulting from regulatory, compliance, and legal changes.  ? Work with risk control contacts and variously levels of management to ensure updates are made and approved within compliant timeframes.  ? Manage multiple writing assignments to meet target publication dates  ? Responsible for updating existing documents, interviewing subject matter experts, and creating processes documentation (process maps).  ? Use photographs, drawings, diagrams, and charts that increase users' understanding. IT Consultant /Technical Writer NJM Insurance Group - West Trenton, NJ 2016 to 2017 * Successfully transitioned 400+ employees into BlackBerry Work application in order to access company email.  * Partnered with Desktop support to move 550+ employees onto company iPhones, which included creating RSA token accounts for all.  * Defined owners for 600+ Active Directory distribution groups in order to obtain the necessary approvals for user's access.  * Technical writer, currently writing and formatting policies and procedures for application and daily security processes.  * Handling the security administration for both new and existing employees on multiple platforms. System Analyst - Contractor NATIONWIDE INSURANCE COMPANY 2015 to 2016 * Continually reviewed ID's numbering in the thousands to determine if the ID needs to be registered according to set Nationwide guidelines.  * Addressed generic ID's on the mainframe platform with other platforms given based on the success rate.  * Ran reports in the mainframe/RACF to correctly identify generic ID's.  * Carefully reviewed output to determine the ID's in scope based on the last usage, naming convention and company guidelines.  * Worked in collaboration with application managers to determine ID usage and needed.  * Partnered with owners in completing the registration form necessary to add ID's to the new database.  * Verified information received, sent to the support team to have the ID details uploaded into the system of record.  * Provided reports to designated areas that contained 1,000+ ID's to be deleted from the system.  * Served as an active participant in LEAN workshops designed to eliminate and streamline workflows.    (215)327-5745  Criley5924@gmail.com  http://www.linkedin.com/in/rileychristine Information Security Specialist PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL - Dresher, PA 1998 to 2014 * Successfully managed staff related to the administration of security applications and databases.  * Served as a project manager for role base 3000+ users, ensuring all employees had access to the applications needed and limiting the turnaround time from weeks to days when granting access and setting up new users.  * Created and managed accurate project plans/timelines, driving timely deliverables and ensuring escalated items were properly addressed.  * Managed the movement of 100+ existing UNIX devices into Active Directory to be supported by Vintella.  * Led a project focused on cleaning up generic ids on the mainframe and ensuring that all ID's had access to the proper environment and identified owners for future recertification.  * Oversaw and trained staff that created and maintained security reports that ensured appropriate user access.  * Worked in partnership with the Business Information Security Officer & Application Owners to transition application administration into the security area.  * Supervised quality assurance testing for new Security request databases/applications.  * Created new process flows for new forms being created to increase efficiency around the new Security request database.  * Partnered with the Business Information Security Officer to reconcile issues and processes being handling outside of normal company policies and standards and to ensure policies and procedures were followed.  * Wrote100's of Standard Operating Procedures for all applications and daily security processes, including transition paper procedures to a database for future recertification.  * Worked directly with the Business Information Security Officer to determine the root-cause and correct any audit issues.  * Developed a partnership with the Security Business Continuation contact to make sure the proper disaster recovery plan was in place.  * Successfully managed security administration for both new and existing employees and the administration of business partner security clearance systems on multiple platforms.  * Provided Tier I and II support of business specific applications including 24/7 on-call support.  * Performed security administration on a variety of platforms including RACF, Active Directory, Oracle, Access Manager, AS400, IMB Tivoli Manager and PeopleSoft.  * Partnered with the Business Information Security Officer to reconcile issues and processes being handling outside of normal company policies and standards and to ensure policies and procedures were followed.  * Recognized as a subject matter expert of RACF and all application administration.  * Worked in collaboration with helpdesk support to establish video conferencing sessions for all monthly staff meetings.  * Trained new and existing staff on proper handling of security requests and new application administration.  * Created manual security reports for both Management and Audit to correctly identify security risks.  * Provided feedback, testing and end-user training on the creation of the Recertification Database. Education High school Skills Active Directory (10+ years), AS400 (10+ years), assurance testing (10+ years), RACF (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/rileychristine Additional Information Areas of Expertise    Business Process Mapping  Process Improvement  Database Management  Quality Assurance Testing    Lean Methodologies  ID Management Best Practices  Problem Resolution  Project/Program Management  Business Intelligence    Technical Documentation  Process Improvement  Disaster Recovery  Change Management    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY    RACF, TSO, PeopleSoft, Remedy, Hyena, Oracle, Active Directory, PEGA, CFE, AS400, Avaya Phone System, ITIM, Access Manager, Prolin, CA Identity Manager, DatAdvantage, Varonis, Good, BlackBerry Work, RightFax Enterprise Fax Manager