Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst Macomb, MI Insightful, results-driven IT Security Analyst with notable success in directing a broad range of IT security initiatives while participating in planning, analyzing, and implementing solutions in support of business objectives. Excel at providing comprehensive secure network design, systems analysis, and service desk support. Extremely knowledgeable in Risk Management Framework, Systems Development Life Cycle, Security Life Cycle, and Vulnerability Management using PCI, HIPAA, COBIT, ISO, and applicable NIST standards. Hands-on experience leading all stages of system development efforts, including requirements definition, design, architecture, testing, and support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst Creative Breakthrough INC - Ferndale, MI January 2017 to Present ? Partner with senior executives, engineers, and analysts on new and next-gen technologies to meet client needs  ? Instrumental in developing and implementing Business Continuity, Incident Response, and Disaster Recovery Plans for businesses throughout the U.S.  ? Managed and facilitated information security related projects  ? Provided knowledgeable expertise on IT- Security policies and guidelines, best practice approaches and solutions for compliance.  ? Performed security assessments with a variety of frameworks, including PCI - HIPAA - NIST CSF - NIST 800-53 - NIST 800-171 - ISO 27001/2 - COBIT - 23 NYCRR 500 - Sarbanes-Oxley - GDPR Building Attendant Macomb Community College - Warren, MI May 2013 to June 2017 ? Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders increasing productivity by 20%  ? Provided Shadow IT work for over 2 years  ? Effectively updated and managed computers and equipment that provides security and redundancy for internal and external clients  ? Recommended network security solutions to management that lead to the reconstruction of the security guidelines found within the college.  ? Reduced labor cost by developing an effective way to organizing equipment with spreadsheets IT Support Technician Creative Solutions Group - Troy, MI September 2016 to January 2017 ? Developed step-by-step processes for troubleshooting hardware issues  ? Recommended computer products and applications to improve business productivity  ? Installed and maintained company's internal and external computer systems and networks  ? Performed routine maintenance on all internal and external systems. Store Receiving Supervisor Babies "R" Us - Sterling Heights, MI August 2008 to January 2013 ? Voted monthly team member regularly for answering customer questions regarding store merchandise, department information, and pricing in layman's term.  ? Increased yearly sales by 15% in 2011, while leading the region's top merchandise selection, pricing, planning, and marketing  ? Ran markdown reports, managed store replenishment, and analyzed buying reports  ? Slashed shortage losses by 10% by creating a daily checklist and procedures for all departments to ensure product was handled properly Education Associate Degree in IT Networking Specialist in Network Security Professional Macomb Community College - Warren, MI July 2013 to May 2016 Skills VPN (3 years), Cisco (3 years), Networking (5 years), TCP/IP (5 years), Information Security (4 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Active Directory (3 years), Auditing (3 years), Visual Basic (3 years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Computer Repair (10+ years), Network Administration (2 years), Network Design (3 years), Information Technology (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Network+ Certification March 2019 to March 2022 https://www.certmetrics.com/comptia/public/verification.aspx?code=G8N74HH3TP4E1DG4