Epic Support Technician Momentum Epic Support Technician Momentum Epic Support Technician Momentum Elmont, NY Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible Work Experience Epic Support Technician Momentum HHC - New York, NY April 2015 to February 2019 Provided technical support for the Epic and Quadramed deployment. Installed and configured hardware such as bar code scanners and label printers. Trouble shooting for Epic software and hardware associated. Unboxing, imaging and deployment of Windows 10 for Dell all in one PC's. Tagged PC's and printers for inventory records. IIT INC - New York, NY February 2018 to July 2018 Installing, configuring & testing HP Multi-Function Printers (MFP's), Configuring & testing Canon MFP's, Un-crating and unpacking of new printers; assembly and network connections, Initial printer setup and configuration, Testing, Troubleshooting and Solving printer issues, Assist local users on desktop setup, Disconnecting old printers and assisting in disposal. Desktop Support Technician PCM Standard Charter Bank - New York, NY February 2017 to November 2017 Provide desktop support for over 200 users on a trading floor in the NYC location. Respond to users via Remedy ticketing system, OCS, phone and email. Troubleshoot trading floor software such as Bloomberg, Thomson Reuters, Dealings, FX, and Markets software. Troubleshoot hardware such as Speakerbus, BT Dealer board, B units, Bloomberg keyboards, Crestron AV, Multi-screen display, Cisco web cams, and biometric devices. Trouble shoot via VNC and in person. PC Commissioning tool, FDE Encryption, Windows Easy Transfer, kill disk, Mobile Iron via Iphone, PC setup, SCCM via my apps. Archive control which includes mail reduction, repair PST files and transfer for users who travel internationally. Reset users via AD and ONE IT. Raise software request via Remedy and install via SCCM. IT Operations Analyst III TD BANK - New York, NY July 2015 to November 2016 Respond to all incidents and requests in the NYC south region. Provide desktop and laptop support, pc refreshes, imaging using PXE, media site sweeps, PM visit, pc wipes and disposal for redemtech. Troubleshoot and repair CTS image scanning machines. Add and remove items in AD, SCCM, and other databases. Localize PC's, add network printers, passbook printers, and configure Encore software to use TCR machines. Mobile configuration and troubleshooting of Blackberry devices. Installation of card wizard for CSR pc's, Penny machines. Hardware decommission, replacement and removal from branches. Network Technical Assistant High Street Solutions/Fordham University - New York, NY February 2015 to July 2015 Provided network support for the senior engineers, staff, and students at both the Rose Hill and Lincoln center campuses. Built and installed server racks, switches, routers, UPS's, and storage units for network supplies. Documented configurations and swapped out switches during outages. Spreadsheet preparation for supplies inventory, MDF and IDF closets, locations and surveys for third party vendors. Cable management projects, configuration of UPS's using SSH, hardware upgrades and replacements. Toned and manual cables traces, fiber installation and monitored all hardware using Intermapper with MAC. IT Technical Support Specialist The Educational Alliance - New York, NY July 2008 to February 2015 Provided desktop support and troubleshooting for over 700 clients by phone and in person at over 20 locations. Documented, tracked, dispatched and responded to client PC/LAN problems and solutions. Provided PC/LAN support including installing, imaging, upgrading and repairing PCs, laptops, tablets, cellar devices, and other peripheral devices. Utilized AD to reset passwords, create users, disable users and locate network resources. Install and troubleshoot firewalls. Assisted in providing training to staff on software, system use, and use of local hardware and system. Set up data centers, labs and classrooms including networking and peripherals. VoIP implementation (Avaya). Maintained Brivo security database, create ID's and establish building access restrictions. Performed Wi-Fi surveys planning and implementation. Crestron AV setup and troubleshooting. Also assisted with the migration of Office 365. Google apps. point security officer U.S. Security Associates - New York, NY January 2003 to July 2008 for facilities such as studios, nursing homes, theaters, arenas, day cares, hotels, and concerts. Performed secure check ins including identification, bags and packages. Conducted fire guard inspections on sprinkler systems and fire extinguishers. Performed emergency evacuation during emergencies. Also performed reception duties such as receiving and transferring incoming phone calls, paging staff, signing of packages and distribution of pay checks. Education license in computer technology New Horizons Computer Training Center November 2007 to January 2008 Skills Exchange, Android, Ios, Ipad, Iphone, Wireless, Citrix, Terminal services, Magic, Java, Symantec, Audio visual, Printers, Nexus, Cabling, Laser, Windows 2000, Outlook, Alcatel, Lucent Additional Information Technical Skills:    Software  Symantec Antivirus  Office 2007, 2010  Terminal Services  Adobe, java  Microsoft Exchange & Outlook  SCCM  Lync  CSM  Citrix  SSH  Intermapper  Magic  Android  iOS  Bloomberg  Migration  XP, VISTA, 7,8,10  Operating Systems Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7,8,10, server, mobile  Hardware  HP/Dell/IBM/Lenovo/Toshiba/ Desktops and laptops  HP/Dell/Epson/Brother/Ricoh/Zebra laser and ink jet printers  Canon Copiers  Aruba/Zyxel/Linksys/Sonicwall Wireless Routers  Switches  Cabling  Alcatel Lucent  APC  Ipad  Iphone  Google/Nexus tablets  Samsung Galaxy  Hitachi Projectors  Cogent finger print scanners  Smartboard    Audio Visual  Television, projector, sound systems and theatre systems