Principal Principal IT Service Management, Information Security & Business Transformation Leader Nashville, TN Integrity-driven and accomplished IT Leader with expertise leading large-scale IT Information (Cyber) Security, Service Management and business teams and projects across multiple industries. Delivering enhanced IT capabilities and IT Controls to maximize business alignment, customer experience, and reduce cyber vulnerabilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Principal BLUE STAR PARTNERS - Nashville, TN June 2019 to Present Blue Star Partners is a consulting firm focused on change management, leadership development, project management and organizing for innovation.    Principal -   IT Information (Cyber) Security & Controls  Providing consulting services in IT Transformation projects, programs & capabilities, as well as IT Controls & Cyber Security.  Senior Manager II, IT Service Management - IT Information (Cyber) Security & Controls DELOITTE - Hermitage, TN February 2006 to January 2019 Served as an IT Leader of a team of 50+ staff globally in the areas of Information (Cyber) Security Controls for Infrastructure and Technology, Identity Access Management, Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery, Transformation Management & Change Management.    Key Accomplishments  • Proven track record of managing IT budget on target (~$3M/yr.).  • Built an IT Controls team and formalized audit evidence collection, review and submission, reducing turnaround time and accuracy of audit requests by 40%.  • Re-designed the delivery of IT Service Management processes and IT Controls deliverables, resulting in a 95% reduction of audit findings.  • Designed, delivered and deployed the automation of Identity Access Management Services for privileged access, resulting in a 60% reduction in request fulfillment cycle time.  • Expanded Access Provisioning operations off-shore to address business needs and provided École Polytechnique de Montréal, coverage and provisioning services availability from 8 HRS/day to 24 HRS/day.  • Served as a subject matter expert providing guidance to the ISMS (Information Security Management System) team, making significant contributions in achieving ISO27001 certification for the US-Firm and responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of 63% of the controls outlined in the ISO27001 standard.    Senior Manager I,   IT Service Management Delivery & Assurance    Global IT Service Manager for Cyber Security related CTO certifications, Change, Incident & Problem Management processes across the Global IT organization.    Key Accomplishments  • Performed IT Risk Assessments for all assets of the CTO organization, across 4 datacenters worldwide and delivered, managed and reported on the resulting a risk-treatment plan.  • Successfully achieved ISO27001 certification and re-certification audits over seven (7) years with zero major non-conformities.  • Chaired and managed the IT Management Council Change Advisory Board, represented by 27 countries.  • Designed Information Security training for 5 different functional groups, leveraging business IT process knowledge to deliver the most appropriate content to 180+ resources across the organization.  • Served as the internal auditor in preparation of the AT101(SOC2 type) audit,  planned, managed and coordinated external audit. Manager, Logistics & Operations LOGICVISION INC - San Jose, CA 2004 to 2005 A boutique software company offering cutting edge Intellectual Property in the semiconductor design-for-test sector.    Managed the software release process, mitigated gaps to minimize product delays, delivering on organizational objectives. Worked  cross-functionally with Engineering, Sales and Marketing team and improve overall customer experience. Manager, Customer Operations & Quality Engineering KLA-TENCOR CORP - San Jose, CA 1999 to 2003 A global semi-conductor capital equipment company with revenues of $4B and 6,700 employees globally    Managed a team of 35 (Manufacturing Quality Acceptance, Field Installation and Upgrades operations) for the three most complex and highest revenue-generating product lines, representing ~$1Billion annually. Logistics Analyst/ Supply Chain Consultant KOM INTERNATIONAL - Montréal, QC 1997 to 1999 Supply Chain, Warehouse Management Consulting firm with revenues of $24.4M annually    Developed SAS algorithms to analyze data and re-design warehouse, distribution and transportation networks for multi-billion-dollar clients. Education Harvard Leadership Essentials Certificate in Leadership Harvard University 2007 MBA in Global Management University of Phoenix - San Jose, CA 2006 Bachelor's in B. Eng., Industrial Ecole Polytechnique de Montréal - Montréal, QC Skills ITIL Awards Above & Beyond Recipient of the CTO “Above & Beyond” award for the essential contributions made to achieve ISO27001 certification  Speaker Speaker at the 2017 Certified InfoSec Conference in Washington, DC Deloitte STARS Completed the Deloitte STARS leadership program, offered to the top 5% of high performing managers Certifications/Licenses ITIL Expert 2013