Associate Engineer - Client Services - Network Associate Engineer - Client Services - Network Associate Engineer - Client Services - Network Kawkawlin, MI Work Experience Associate Engineer - Client Services - Network XO Communications/Verizon - Saginaw, MI April 2017 to Present ? Perform troubleshooting of second level network issues for customers.  ? Clearly communicate technical solutions in a user-friendly, professional manner; provide one-on-one end-user training as needed National Repair Technian II XO Communications - Saginaw, MI August 2016 to April 2017 ? Perform troubleshooting of second level network issues for customers.  ? Clearly communicate technical solutions in a user-friendly, professional manner; provide one-on-one end-user training as needed IT Security Administrator Piezos Technology Solutions - Midland, MI July 2014 to August 2016 Troubleshoot PC hardware and operating system software issues for remote users  ? Perform account creation and profile creating  ? Support Dow process provide technical software, hardware and network problem resolution to all Dow Chemical users by diagnosis and guiding users through step-by step solutions in a call center environment  ? Clearly communicate technical solutions in a user-friendly, professional manner; provide one-on-one end-user training as needed IT Service Desk Technician\ IT Service Desk Analyst Adecco - Midland, MI March 2010 to March 2014 Troubleshoot PC hardware and operating system software issues.  ? Perform operating system and application software installations and upgrades.  ? Assist users with issues pertaining to software. support ITIL process provide technical software, hardware and network problem resolution to all Dow Corning/Hemlock Semiconductor users by diagnosis and guiding users through step-by step solutions in a call center environment  ? Clearly communicate technical solutions in a user-friendly, professional manner; provide one-on-one end-user training as needed Navy Electronics Technician Navy September 2001 to September 2009 United States Navy  ? Provided Information Technology and Computer Help Desk support. Responsibilities include maintain command computer networks, telecommunications systems, and Tandberg Video Teleconference systems.  ? Set up Tandberg Video Teleconferences and troubleshot Tandberg malfunctions including BRI trunks. Installed and maintained command telecommunications equipment. Solved end user trouble calls for computer equipment and printers.  ? Demonstrated ability to analyze, evaluate, and resolve hardware and software conflicts. Skilled in administering LAN and WAN applications including, TCP/IP, Ethernet, and ISDN. Installed video conferencing hardware, Ethernet cables, and fiber optic cables. Tandberg Bridge Manager, Avaya Phone Switch Management, Helpdesk Support, Worked as a help desk administrator.  ? Solved end-user computer and printer malfunctions and also administered the LAN. Successfully maintained NT groups, permissions and file structures for users on the USS Bataan. Operated computer help desk assisting users with problems and solutions. Diagnosed hardware problems with modems, printers, cables, or telephones.  ? Performed routine maintenance on all types of computer equipment and printers. Assisted users, and gave training in installed systems and programs. Replaced and upgraded motherboards, CD-ROMs, and hard drives. Windows Desktop Support, Computer Hardware Installation, Network Administration, UNIX Systems Administration, Junior technician for the satellite communications systems. Maintained High Frequency (HF) communications equipment. Performed routine maintenance on communications equipment. Adjusted and modified equipment in accordance with customer request and to enhance performance of equipment.    ? Demonstrated ability to analyze, evaluate, and resolve of Tac-3 UNIX Systems. Worked as UNIX System Administrator. Education Bachelor's in Computer & Information Sciences and Minors in Computer Forensics and Criminal Justice Saginaw Valley State University - Saginaw, MI September 2009 to May 2019 Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-5 September 2001 to September 2009