Malware Analyst Malware <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Malware Analyst Lakewood, CO Work Experience Malware Analyst Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA May 2018 to March 2019 • Worked proactively to prevent and contain malware infestation to protect client network and email integrity as well as proprietary data.  • Monitored and analyzed multiple clients email and network alerts by sandboxing and digging through logs  • Worked with clients to ensure their security needs are met  • Helped with black listing, whitelisting, and other needs of clients Junior Cyber Security Engineer Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA October 2016 to May 2018 • Worked to improve logging in our SIEM and helped create better visibility across our network through McAfee ESM.  • Gained basic knowledge on creating alarms, correlation rules, fixing time deltas, and configuring our SIEM to best provide for the teams in the SOC.  • Developed a CMDB application of all systems in our environment through Swimlane to generate metrics on our SIEM environment for leadership, and the ability to easily troubleshoot systems that were not logging.  • Helped to transition from McAfee ESM to Splunk.  • Ensured data was properly communicating with Splunk during the transition, and that the correct logs were being parsed.  • Helped install and configure Carbon Black on all systems for better security of the firm's assets. IT Contractor Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA May 2016 to October 2016 • Assisted the Endpoint Engineering team and the Cyber Security Operations Team  • Assisted with the successful deployment of McAfee DLP Endpoint Console firm wide.  • Administrated ePO policy to bypass users external devices.  • Responsible for managing the Enterprise upgrade to El Capitan and Office 2016 for all Mac users in the firm.  • Supported Mac users with troubleshooting.  • Created a web presence for the Endpoint Engineering team via SharePoint.  • Managed backups, wiping, full-disk encryption and imaging of Macintosh systems.    Familiar Tools  McAfee ESM (Nitro)  Splunk  Carbon Black  Swimlane  EndGame Education Bachelor of Arts in (B.A.), Telecommunications The Pennsylvania State University 2011 to 2015