Senior Information Assurance Analyst Senior Information Assurance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Senior Information Assurance Analyst Waldorf, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Information Assurance Analyst Netcentrics Corp September 2012 to August 2014 Work with numerous access levels (H/G/SI/TK/T) of information. Administered site security documentation for physical as well as network security for high classification areas and systems. Selected as the Trusted Agent and the Registration Authority for approx. 140 intelligence community customers, in five locations spanning four states. Requested, processed, revoked KRA's and set up PKI certificates and accounts up to and including named programs. Trusted Agent for Secret and Classified systems issuing tokens, pin, and password, setting up and revoking. Administrator for the Common Access Card (CAC) PIN reset workstation, and site administrator for the DoD Information Assurance annual recertification. Administered accounts on the DataArmor Enterprise Server, make sure all systems are up for Video Telephone Conference (VTC). Enterprise tester for Tumbleweed OCSP content management, DataArmor At-Rest Encryption, and Analysts' Notebook. Used Remedy 8.0 to process tickets, Control hardware Inventory, User acccounts and Service Level Agreements (SLA). Senior Support Analyst Information Assurance Team Lead PowerTech June 2012 to September 2012 Setup laptops, desktops, Blackberries, printers, scanners on multiple networks. Established and maintained users' profiles on the Microsoft Exchange Server, in Active Directory, Active Roles Server, or in their local accounts  Assisted in the Active Directory migration and consolidation of 5400 user accounts from numerous Windows NT Domains and Active Directory Forests to a single, consolidated OSD forest. Troubleshoot problems dealing with Microsoft Exchange. Served as IT call center/help desk team lead, and help desk manager. Contract was terminated after 3 months. Desktop Support Engineer Advanced Systems Development, Inc June 2007 to 2012 Work with all access levels (H/G/ SI/ TK/T) of information. Administered site security documentation for physical as well as network security for high classification areas and systems. Selected as the Trusted Agent and the Registration Authority for 125 intelligence community customers, in five locations spanning four states. Request, process, revoke and set up PKI certificates and accounts up to and including named programs. Administrator for the Common Access Card (CAC) PIN reset workstation, and site administrator for the DoD Information Assurance annual recertification. Administered accounts on the DataArmor Enterprise Server. Enterprise tester for Tumbleweed OCSP content management, DataArmor At-Rest Encryption, and Analysts' Notebook.  Setup laptops, desktops, Blackberries, printers, scanners on multiple networks. Established and maintained users' profiles on the Microsoft Exchange Server, in Active Directory, on the Active Roles Server, or in their local accounts. Assisted in the Active Directory migration and consolidation of 5400 user accounts from numerous Windows NT Domains and Active Directory Forests to a single, consolidated OSD forest. Troubleshoot problems dealing with Microsoft Exchange. Served at various times as IT call center/help desk team lead, and help desk manager. Help Desk Analyst, Reality Based IT Services, LLC Registration Authority April 2004 to April 2007 DoD PKI Site Security Manager (SSM), Registration Authority (RA), Local Registration Authority (LRA), Key Recovery Agent (KRA), and Trusted Area Site Manager (TASM). Issued and administered DoD server certificates for multiple levels of PKI access. Install and manage the Common Access Card (CAC) PIN Reset Workstation. Trained and certified CAC Trusted Agents. Set up network accounts for new users on multiple security level systems. Troubleshoot workstations, laptops, printers, scanners, network equipment, wireless equipment, and peripherals. Monitor NII network for any performance or connectivity issues using Site Scope. "Point of the spear", first call response for two OSD organizations (NII and USDI). Record, annotate, and analyze tickets for all of USDI and NII support using Remedy, and provided recommendations for improvement in help desk operations. Prepared daily reports using Crystal Reports. Attended IT Managers' and OSD Helpdesk morning meetings as a representative of the USDI/NII Help Desk. Jr. Security Engineer DoD PKI CAC October 2002 to April 2004 Reality Based IT Services, LLC    Established the first DoD PKI CAC issuance facility in the National Defense University. Trained the NDU SSM and TASMs. Trained NDU employees as Verifying Officials. Created CRLs for user software certificates and provided training for users on how to protect and download their certificates. Documented and filed requests for user and server certificates. Worked to solve PKI, PKE, and digital signature issues. Implemented DoD PKI for the National Defense University (NDU), trained all NDU systems administrators on use of PKI server and hardware certificates. Installed Middleware (Spyrus and Netsign) and CAC Readers. Member of the DoD Identity Protection and Management team. Provided analysis, testing, and evaluation of numerous Certificate Based Network Logon schemas. Recommended final OSD PKI Single SignOn (SSO) solution. Issued and revoked server and individual PKI certificates through DEERS/RAPIDS. Deployed CAC PIN Reset workstations, trained the Site's TASMs, stood up sites and provided support. Kept a running matrix of all sites deployed and sites to be deployed. Wrote the CAC PIN Reset site MOU and Standard Operation of Procedures. Site Security Manager Mass Issuance Common Access Office February 2002 to October 2002 Reality Based IT Services, LLC    Lead DOD Contractor for the Mass Issuance Common Access Office. Set up CAC issuance workstations and server. Coordinated with network operations to set up IP Address for all stations. Performed troubleshooting of facility hardware, CPU's, printers, and CAC printing equipment. Established connectivity using Ethernet, T-1, Dial-up network and Fiber Optic cable infrastructure. Created Common Access Card (CAC) with PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) Certificates for Department of Defense personnel, contractors, and foreign nationals. Site Security Manager Anteon Corporation June 2001 to February 2002 Managed CAC issuance mobile facility with eight Verifying Officials, associated workstations and a server. Coordinated with the DEERS/RAPIDS Assistance Center to set up IP Address for all stations. Performed troubleshooting of facility hardware, CPU's, printers, and CAC printing equipment. Established connectivity using Ethernet, T-1, Dial-up network and Fiber Optic cable infrastructure. Created Common Access Card (CAC) with PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) Certificates for Department of Defense personnel, contractors, and authorized foreign nationals. Education General and Technical Studies College Of Southern Maryland 2000 to 2006 Bachelor of Science University of Maryland Skills Information Security, Network Security, Cyber Security Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS: Active Top Secret (SCI) Security Clearance and Full Scope Poly, 2016. Registered Dept. of Defense Site Security Manager (SSM), DoD Identity Protection/Management Registration Authority (RA), Local Registration Authority (LRA), Key Recovery Agent (KRA), Trusted Area Site Manager (TASM).