Information Security Manger Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Manger Information Security Manger - NTT DATA Dallas, TX Enterprise Information Security professional with expertise in organizational governance and delivering solutions for security controls, compliance, privacy. Experienced in building information security program from the ground up, writing information security policy, auditing, managing security risks, securing systems, Unix/Linux expert, CISSP and CISA certified. Superior capacity to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems, work independently on large-scale projects, and thrive under pressure in fast-pace environments while directing multiple projects from concept to implementation. Expert in business continuity and disaster recovery planning and testing. Work Experience Information Security Manger NTT DATA - Dallas, TX September 2016 to Present Key Responsibilities:  • Manage the client side of the security operation center (SOC) including monitoring, reporting, threat analysis, and incident management.  • Daily and weekly SOC report on threats and state of security.  • Follow up and track cases using ServiceNow.  • Insure the SOC performance meets the SLA. Sr. IT Project Manager Nationstar Mortgage - Coppell, TX October 2015 to April 2016 Contract)    Key Responsibilities:  • Eliminated the software license waste and make sure access to licensed software is well controlled.  • Troubleshoot and fixed the security database by analyzing the error data flow from different feeds.  • Wrote several filters to manipulate data in Excel sheets using Visual Basic programs. Information Security Risk Analyst Navistar Enterprise Solutions - Dallas, TX May 2014 to October 2015 Contract)    Key Responsibilities:  • IT risk assessment, analyst and risk mitigation.  • Leads major risk evaluations and delivers results and recommendations to business areas and Technology management  • Provides high value input into risk reports on highly complex issues Information Security Officer Central Bank of Libya - Tripoli, LY November 2008 to April 2014 Key Responsibilities:  • Established the information security program from ground up.  • In charge of network, application, and operations security.  • Managed all aspects of information security at the bank  • Implemented PCI compliance.  • Managed a team of five information security professionals who were responsible for safeguarding the bank's business and mitigating potential risks to its computing environment, assets and intellectual property.  • Planned the yearly security budget ranged from one to five million dollars.  • Managed risk assessment and risk mitigation programs.  • Ensure separation of duties of critical operations such as SWIFT operations to prevent fraud.  • Developed and managed the implementation of information security policies, standards, guidelines and procedures to ensure the ongoing practice of security as a process within the bank.  • Developed a framework for auditing and ensuring compliance with bank's security policies.  • Respond to the audit report with proper remedies.  • Created and managed the security awareness training program.  • Successfully managed several security projects from start to completion on time and on budget.  • Ensured operational efficiency was aligned with business requirements.  • Conducted incident response for threats to the bank.  • Ensure the backup site is up and running and the bank's operations could be restarted safely and reliably on the backup site (failover).  • Ensured privileged accounts were monitored and the logs were saved. UNIX System Administrator/Manager Agathon Systems LTD - Tripoli, LY April 2004 to November 2008 Key Responsibilities:  • Manage a team of five system administrators.  • Managed two datacenters (main and the backup).  • Installed and Configured PowerHA (HACMP) for many critical applications.  • Wrote the complete documentations for hardware and software configurations for over 25 servers.  • Hardening the servers including SSH solutions.  • Installed and upgraded AIX on all the servers.  • Troubleshoot hardware, software, and the networks connections.  • Monitored systems performance, and resource utilization.  • Performed backups and restores when needed.  • Hardening all AIX servers.  • Installed and administered Linux (Red hat and Ubuntu)  • Wrote Korn Shell, Perl, AWK, and SED scripts to automate repetitive tasks. System Programmer Parkland Health & Hospital Systems - Dallas, TX March 1997 to March 2003 Key Responsibilities:  • Worked as a system administrator in a complex environment, with more than 36 RS/6000 systems including two SP frames with two switches and ten nodes and more than 600 desktops connected through the network to the IBM servers running Aix 5.3.x with Oracle as the main database.  • Implemented SSH solutions.  • Install and upgrade Aix on different RS6000 platform.  • Troubleshoot systems hardware and software.  • Monitor systems performance and resource utilization.  • Perform backup and restore when needed.  • Wrote Korn Shell, AWK, SED, and Perl scripts to automate repetitive tasks.  • In charge of the interface engine (Cloverleaf) for exchanging messages between different clinics in the Hospital.  • On call for technical support.  • Documenting and implementing the disaster recovery procedures.  • In charge of implementing security audit requirements, including user's login and passwords restrictions, access and remote login controls Technical Instructor Healthcare Communication, INC - Dallas, TX August 1996 to March 1997 Key Responsibilities:  • In charge of training customers on all levels of Cloverleaf, HL7, and X12.  • Certified Cloverleaf Level I, Level II primer, Level III.  • Wrote the Level II primer training material.  • Set up interface configurations, troubleshooting, Perl and Ksh scripting. Education MS in Industrial Engineering in Industrial Engineering New Mexico State University - Las Cruces, NM MS in Computer Science in Computer Science Old Dominion University - Norfolk, VA Skills It Security, Cyber Security, Linux, Siem, Information Security, Comptia, Nist, Network Security Additional Information • Information Security Management  • Project Management  • Server Security: Linux, Unix  • Risk Management  • Security Awareness  • Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning  • Information Security Audits / Assessments