IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager IT Manager Spring Hill, FL Work Experience IT Manager Integrated Support Plus, Inc March 2019 to April 2019 Business unexpectedly was closed down   - Work with a medical software company to build, and migrate, a data container for company client data to this new database/software. Researched, and demo, new online product for inventory warehouse for company medical equipment.   - Managed and monitoring computer systems  - Maintain all onsite equipment for A/V, and encryption for HIPAA compliance  - Total discretion on information as these were medical reports  - Worked with vendors for medical, email/data encryption and security software  - Worked with software vendor to help build a new DME software  - Worked with staff on computer issues, built out Excel spreadsheets to help stop the duplication of work Principal Engineer Dell/EMC Technologies Company - Remote October 2015 to March 2019 Managed, and hands on, install/upgrade/support daily workload with resources of onshore and offshore ERP Team that supported 13 Cloud-Based customers in all 4 US time zones. Current active Dod Secret Clearance.    - Reviewed, approved or rejected (for more information or detail) SNOW change requests  - Worked with all the required teams to make sure all changes requests were understood, complete and communicated   - Responsible for customer change management  - Worked with all required teams to support and report on a customer RCA  - Manage Service Now (SNOW) tickets and reports-Run daily report to monitor, assign and ensure the team is meeting or exceeding customer SLA  - On call for all emergency changes for any Federal Sector Emergency Change  - Managed AMS SAP steady support team, for these customers  - Worked closely with other AMS steady state and professional service teams   - Developed system validation documents to validate system requirements and configuration after professional service builds and before turning over to the client.   - Responsible for validation of all changes and validating results from all requested changes on customer deliverables  - Responsible for defect corrections found in the standard validation, configurations, and the testing of changes  - Take ownership of projects, escalate issues that fall beyond the project team to ensure customer satisfaction of both product and delivery  - As POC: Participate and manage meetings (Status, weekly, quarterly, strategic, client communications)  - Take appropriate measures to ensure project issues and risks are proactively managed  - Worked with technical teams to mentor and coach as needed and to “raise the bar” on project delivery  - Worked with multiple support teams to ensure that all aspects of the customer installation and/or support is met  -Ensures teams are leveraging repeatable, standard practices/processes. This has helped streamline the support teams that are supporting multiple customers 24X7 support  -Proactively addresses team concerns, either customer related or within the team to build a positive environment; provide performance evaluation input  -Work effectively under pressure with constantly changing priorities and deadlines SAP Basis Administrator Virtustream Inc February 2015 to October 2015 - Submitted and Peer Reviewed OPSmart change management  - Participated in all change management meetings  - Worked with all the required teams to make sure all changes requests were understood, complete and communicated   - Worked with all required teams to support and report on a customer RCA  - Implement and configure E2E monitoring and solution with SAP Solution Manager  - Daily support cloud-based enterprise SAP systems for multiple customers  - Setup/configure and support 3rd party non-SAP monitoring tool  - Worked as a member to migrate ECC to S/4 HANA platform SAP Basis/ Security Lead Administrator Bloomin' Brands - Tampa, FL January 2013 to February 2015 Implementation and support of ECC6 EPH5; BW7.1 /BPC10; BOE- BI/BODS; SLT/HANA; SolMan 7.1; OpenText (VIM & ICC); CPS (SAP Central Process Scheduling)  - Basis and Security Lead during the 12 month SAP implementation. We were able to bring this project in on time and under budget.  - Participated in daily blue printing meetings to understand the “where are we now and where do we want to be”  - Worked with all the required teams to make sure all changes requests were understood, complete and communicated   - Participated in all change management meetings  - Worked with all required teams to support and report on a customer RCA  - Manage Service Now (SNOW) tickets and reports-Run daily report to monitor, assign and ensure the team is meeting or exceeding customer SLA  - Support the needs of the entire landscape: to include monitoring, transports, system resource resolution, OSS note application or Incident Messages, resolve end-user/ticket related issues  - Create and maintain SAP TMS and Migration Management for BOBJ  - Understand the ECC/BW(DB on HANA) relationship through RSA1 and the special provisions needed for system restores  - Create security design for ECC, CPS, BW/BPC, BOBJ (thru CMC for BI, Data Services, Information Steward, Folder security and DS repositories) and HANA  - Create and support all users accounts, assign all security, lock/unlock accounts as needed, some systems are configured within CUA. Sr. ERP Analyst Mitsubishi Power Systems America - Orlando, FL January 2011 to January 2013 Daily SAP Basis Administration ERP 6 EPH4 and Solution Manager 7.0 in a Windows2008/MSSQL DB environment  Lead - Basis and Security Team for an SAP Implementation  ? Convert ERP from Glovia to SAP ECC  ? Installed and configured SAP ERP 6.0 EPH4 on Windows 2008 on Hyper-V servers and MSSQL 2008 Database  ? Worked closely with the Functional Team to ensure that install is progressing as planned  ? Worked with the Data Conversion Team to provide the best OP Mode scenario for the specific data loads  ? Created 5 new DI environments to help move the data conversion, this allowed the CI to be used primarily for the update mode to increase the data loads from 27 hours down to 4 hours  ? These 5 DI's will continue in the load balancing process after go-live and have been added to SMLG and ready for company rollout with the SAPGUI for load balancing  ? Troubleshot transports supplied from our Japan office when they failed when imported in our system  ? Created new transports as needed from failed Japan transports so to apply needed functionality to our landscape. (this would include tables, table fields, domains, programs, packages, transactions, and more)  ? Perform local and remote system copies, also backup and restores  ? Develop and maintain appropriate documentation for system activities, new procedures and update established ones  ? Provide advanced level technical support  ? Train others in the department to understand SAP Basis Administration Security Administrator SAP Basis February 2001 to January 2011 Newport News Shipbuilding, Newport News VA; CP Ships, Tampa FL; Accenture, Chicago IL and Orlando FL; INFORMA, Sarasota FL; CenturyLink, Monroe LA; Kratos Defense Systems, Huntsville AL; Wal-Mart, Inc, Bentonville AR)  ? Lead SAP Basis team during Finance migration of legacy software to SAP. Responsible for the Transport Change Management for cut-over and go-live. (Newport News Shipbuilding)  ? Suggested a solution that kept our merger and SAP hardware project on schedule and saved the company an estimated $2M by using hardware that already had SAP installed, and waiting to be used, for two months until the new replacement hardware was ready. (CenturyLink)  ? Project lead: Installation of SAP BPC 7.0 software on company VM servers (CenturyLink)  * Worked with consultants to install, configure, and troubleshoot BPC issues  * Worked with consultants to help with SAP backend and BPC frontend issues  ? Project lead: Software upgrade for IXOS/OpenText and Oracle for company imaging system. (CenturyLink)  ? Project lead: Oracle Identity Management connection with SAP-SAP ALE configuration(CenturyLink)  ? Project lead responsible for configuring secure (SSH) setup for communication between AIX and Linux for automatic file transfers and changing all UNIX scripts for AIX to windows ftp to AIX to Linux secure copies(CenturyLink)  ? Trained customer's Basis group with respect to Basis responsibilities that were not supported by 3rd party contract. Windows Network Instructor Old Dominion University 1999 to 2001 Facilitate class for adults looing to obtain their MCSE certification. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration Chadwick University - Birmingham, AL June 1992 to June 1996 Associate in Management Information Systems Thomas Nelson Community College - Hampton, VA June 1988 to June 1992 Skills SAP (10+ years), ServiceNow (5 years), Service Delivery (10+ years), Management (5 years), Oracle (10+ years), Unix Administration (10+ years), Windows (10+ years), Network Administration, Strategic Planning, Vmware, Customer Service, ITIL, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Powerpoint, Microsoft Office, Leadership Experience, Change Management, Project Management, Project Management Methodology, SAP S/4HANA Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/suzanne-wood-439912 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Network+ November 2001 to Present CompTIA A+ April 2002 to Present MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional 1988 to Present Microsoft MCP NT4.0 Enterprise                          Microsoft MCP Server  Microsoft MCP NT4.0 Workstation      Microsoft MCP Networking ITIL Foundation (July 2019) July 2019 I will be sitting for this ITIL Foundation exam this next month Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/4ssvmwrpd5spu5wn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.