Seat deployment engineer Seat deployment engineer Seat deployment engineer Baton Rouge, LA To obtain employment as a System Administrator or Desktop\Network Supporter. Work Experience Seat deployment engineer HP NGEN February 2019 to May 2019 Provide desk side and remote support to computer hardware, software, including clients, servers, and legacy systems. Also provide pier side system/network support as needed. Investigate, resolve, document, and report the causes and corrective actions in the Incident Management System for all incidents assigned by the Service Desk. Break fix support for contractor furnished and government owned printers. Maintain and support deployable end user devices for use in an expeditionary or field environment. Perform all information assurance activities at the site to fulfill the local element role, to include Electronic Key Management System (EKMS) requirements (Applicable to the Cyber Security Specialist). USMC October 2017 to January 2018 Insight Global)  Win 10 migration team: Perform imaging and deployments in a technical environment: Windows 10, Office 2016, Dell hardware. Combination of bringing in new hardware and imaging to Windows 10 deploying the machines, also reclaiming some existing hardware to re-image to Windows 10, update software, and provide back to the end users. I also assisted with tickets for deploying new users (setting up new workstations and refreshing equipment that is out of date) since a majority of their current ticket backlog is for new user setups. Entergy(HCL) June 2017 to September 2017 Managed print solutions: Remote configuration of Xerox MFD (Multi-function  devices) part of that job is, ensuring connectivity, using remote desktop to log into regional print servers. Setting up print queues using remote desktop and verifying scan to email and scan to repository. User deskside support. Security Administrator FBI July 2016 to April 2017 Using computer security software I created and administered access badges to various personnel upon entering the FBI facility. Provided security support and performed administrative functions for FBI Headquarters New Orleans. Responsible for interacting with employees and VIP guests in the client space. Provided escorting and direction of workers throughout the FBI facility. IT Specialist U.S. Navy February 2015 to July 2016 Responsible for troubleshooting issues such as blue screen of death, Windows 7 profile issues, connectivity issues (printer/desktop/network), Address email issues (Exchange, PST files, outlook, archiving mail). Perform in-person desktop support to customers on base providing hands-on hardware/software/break-fix and data transfer support. I configure HP multi-function devices (scan, fax, print) and assist users in mapping to the device. I also perform Windows 7 re-images, view and edit resources using Active directory. Assist users in mapping network printers. NetOps specialist USMC June 2014 to January 2015 Monitor the network using Solar winds and HP Business Service management software, responding appropriately to alerts and events. Network administration queue manager. Troubleshoot incidents from triage through resolution, including escalations, where appropriate. Follow infrastructure repairs, including directing remote activities to maintain operational effectiveness for services. Provide root cause analysis documentation in accordance with Government procedures. Provide data center support where appropriate. Document daily shift activities in appropriate reporting and ticketing tools and ensure proper pass down of any outstanding issues.    (Epsilion) Security Analyst February 2013 to June 2014 Incident management; approved PAAR and SAAR requests. Triage trouble tickets for repair. Tier 2 queue manager for 160 sites. Add and modify new accounts using active directory. Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following installation specifications. Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software. Maintain record of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities (Remedy ticketing system). Read technical manuals, and conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and to provide technical assistance and support. IT Analyst State Farm (Disys) November 2012 to February 2013 Installed Tripplite ups and configure Network Application Storage device (NAS). Transfer Server 2003 from old server to NAS device. Replaced (Dell) Windows XP computers with new (HP) Windows 7 machines. Reimaged hard drive and downloaded user information to new computers. Installed and configured HP multifunction printers and mapped network laser printer to new machines. Insured connectivity to new network configuration. Shipped old equipment back to recycle department. IT Analyst University Hospital (Westaff) May 2012 to August 2012 Installed and troubleshot Wyse winterm dumb terminals. Configured and troubleshot Dell computers. Installed and troubleshot Microsoft Windows XP and Windows 7 operating systems. Set up users in Active directory. Troubleshot network connectivity. Connected patch panel to Layer 2 switch. Installed and troubleshot HP network and local printer connections. Tech Lead VA Hospital (Disys) January 2012 to May 2012 Set up, maintained and troubleshot Microsoft Windows XP/Vista/7 desktop and notebook computers Install and configure software. Set up and configure printers, scanners, and other peripherals. Documented issue resolution using the help desk. Maintained inventory of all hardware and software resources and parts. Maintained excellent communication with all end users and other members of the technology department. Demonstrated the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to non-technical people. Exemplified an ability to recognize, analyze, and effectively solve problems in a timely and organized manner using industry best practices and procedures. Lead Technician Walgreens (Compucom) June 2011 to November 2011 Installed, configured and upgraded access devices: personal computers, desktops, blade server, server racks and POS devices, intrusion detection, firewalls and related peripherals. Supported varied operating systems (XP, Windows7) including command line scripting.    Performed back out and recovery duties. Verified software images and troubleshot  hardware and software related problems for the end users. Performed installation  break-fix activities as needed. Flooring Sales specialist Lowes 2010 to 2011 Greet customers when they first come in, ask if they need assistance.  Answer phones whenever possible. Let someone in the office know if you will be away from the phone for customer service or showroom work so they know to cover the phones. Keep showroom neat, change vignettes and displays periodically. Put samples back at the end of the day. Assist builder customers with making selections. Appliance Sales specialist Home Depot 2006 to 2009 Responsible for enhancing the experience of members and driving  profitable sales of Home appliances. Home Theater Specialist Best Buy 2003 to 2006 Sales and support of High Definition and conventional television. Sales and support of DVD recorders and players. Direct TV and Cox Cable sales and support. Sales and support of Dolby digital home theater audio. Sales and support of digital cameras and camcorders. Inventory management and shipping customer's product. Education New Horizons Computer Training Center 2010 to 2011 High School Diploma John McDonough Senior High - New Orleans, LA 1975 to 1978 Skills Customer Service, Assembly, Project Management