(Contracted for Kaiser IT), Security & Compliance Business Analyst (Contracted for Kaiser <span class="hl">IT</span>), <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Compliance Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> (Contracted for Kaiser IT), Security & Compliance Business Analyst - Rose International Parker, CO Work Experience (Contracted for Kaiser IT), Security & Compliance Business Analyst Rose International June 2019 to Present Responsibilities include Leads Gathering requirements, documenting requirements, reviewing requirements with development team and test team. Meeting HIPAA, SOX, and/or RMF requirements.    Oversees testing process, including review of test use-case definitions, testing results, and setting priority of bugs to fix.    Consults with regional and national customers; activities include sponsorship of requested functionality from triage and documentation through development, testing, training and deployment of approved requests; field visits with user  groups, work with governance bodies and survey/feedback monitoring and analysis; leadership of internal testing and user acceptance testing (UAT) for all systems and applications releases related to project assignments.    Support multiple managers/programs/projects within various functional organizations.    Collect and research specific client requirements for projects; identify and document functional requirements; gather  workflow data and basic system specifications. Create solution requirements and distribute working drafts for review and final team approval.    Create training materials, including User Guides, Troubleshooting Guides, Install Guides, and Helpdesk 1st and 2nd  level Technical Support Guides.    Create Service Level Agreement and maintain changes to SLA documents.    Independently completes project assigned activities, and initiate project/program tasks to meet work plan milestone  dates. Nurture relationships with clients and project managers so that issues can be addressed proactively and in a positive manner. UNITED STATES NAVY June 1999 to June 2019 Task Force Information Systems Security Manager UNITED STATES NAVY - Oklahoma City, OK June 2016 to March 2019 Successfully manage the delivery of key Information Security/ Cybersecurity programs and projects to ensure  alignment with organizational goals and requirements, as well as standardized methodology.    Play the key role of Principal Advisor to the Commanding Officer for all information security matters and partner with other leadership personnel to achieve business IT strategies, projects and goals.    Efficiently led, trained, and directed a team of 25 IT staff and 4 senior IT managers to complete regulatory  examinations of IT, Info Sec, Compliance requirements, and action plans.    Constantly manage project management staff, resources, and budgets to ensure project completion within established  budget, requirements, and timeline.    Establish cybersecurity standards, policies, and procedures to meet needs and program goals.    Proactively initiate governmental reviews, internal evaluations, accreditations, or assessments of cybersecurity  processes and systems utilizing Risk Management Framework (RMF).    Ensure compliance with the internal security policies, licensing requirements, applicable government security  requirements, programs, and procedures for Windows and Linux environments.    Maintain vendor relationships with third party vendors to build a strong working relationship.    Perform project work, including analysis, design, process engineering, and change management.    Continuously work to gain efficiencies and lead improvements to internal processes as SME and owner of IT related  processes. Information Systems Security Manager/Department Manager, Sasebo, Japan UNITED STATES NAVY February 2013 to May 2016 Successfully manage the delivery of key Information Security/ Cybersecurity programs and projects to ensure  alignment with organizational goals and requirements, as well as standardized methodology.    Play the key role of Principal Advisor to the Commanding Officer for all information security matters and partner with other leadership personnel to achieve business IT strategies, projects and goals.    Efficiently led, trained, and directed a team of 5 IT staff and 1 senior IT manager to complete regulatory examinations of IT, Info Sec, Compliance requirements, and action plans.    Managed operations department of cross-functional teams consisting of 35 personnel.    Manage project management staff, resources, and budgets to ensure project completion within established budget, requirements, and timeline.    Establish cybersecurity standards, policies, and procedures to meet program goals and compliance requirements for government and HIPAA regulations.    Follow established protocols to identify and problem solve cybersecurity issues in a timely manner.    Proactively initiate governmental reviews, internal evaluations, accreditations, or assessments of cybersecurity  processes and systems utilizing DoD DIACAP procedures with package completion.    Built and operated virtual server environment to include security hosting IDS/IPS endpoint protection. Senior Information Security Analyst/Manager, Yokosuka, Japan UNITED STATES NAVY November 2009 to January 2013 Forged strategic partnerships with department heads, managers, supervisors, and vendors to efficiently resolve  problems, manage operational budget, and meet strategic planning goals.    Led the design, development, and deployment of the computer information resources for data security and control, strategic computing, and disaster recovery.    Strategically defined and established organizational goals, policies, and procedures for cybersecurity.    Initiated, developed, and implemented contingency plans to maintain IT/ cybersecurity operations.    Developed and presented operational reports, project progress reports, and budget reports to executive management.    Oversaw the maintenance and troubleshoot computer networks and related computing environments including  computer hardware, systems and applications software, and all enterprise configurations.    Safeguarded data, software, and hardware by initiating and implementing network security measures.    Led, trained, and mentored 35 personnel and 6 senior managers, including 9 information technology staff personnel to ensure superior performance and team effectiveness.    Constantly ensured maintenance and operability of network communication paths between Japan Maritime Self  Defense Force and United States Navy.    Performed network modification and documentation in order to meet DIACAP compliance.    Monitored and maintained Continuity of Operations (COOP) sites at secret and top-secret levels for immediate  emergency activation.    Established training programs to significantly improve skills of US forces in the effective maintenance of information  systems in the Japan region. Network administrator/Manager UNITED STATES NAVY - Bremerton, WA October 2006 to November 2009 Led, trained, and mentored 6 information technology staff personnel and 2 senior managers, to maintain network and telecommunication connectivity.    Troubleshoot and resolve hardware, connection, user account management, printer and software issues reported to the Help Desk.    Performed software, database, and hardware updates as required, with routine network monitoring.    Maintained configuration management, MS office environment, and SharePoint web services.    Maintained server backups for business continuity and managed network performance and security    Performed network modification and documentation in order to meet DIACAP compliance.    Developed new system and application implementation plans, custom scripts and testing procedures to ensure  operational reliability. Trained technical staff in how to use new software and hardware. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Louisiana State University Shreveport August 2019 Bachelor of Science in IT in Advanced Cybersecurity Certificate University of Phoenix July 2018 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, EXCHANGE, FIREWALL, ROUTER, TEAM MANAGEMENT, SYMANTEC, BUDGET, AUDITING, RISK ASSESSMENT, DOCUMENTATION, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, BUDGET MANAGEMENT, MICROSOFT EXCHANGE Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/davidmhicks Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E7 Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) October 2018 to October 2021