Senior Systems Security Engineer Senior Systems <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Orange, CA An energetic motivated leader with outstanding technical and analytic skills specializing in applications, systems, security, automation, software and hardware. Successfully lead highly technical, mission critical, scaled projects that exceeded business and technical requirements. I have demonstrated exceptional leadership skills along with substantial communication skills that place a strong emphasis on teamwork. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Systems Security Engineer Summation - Orange, CA 2016 to Present Directly reported to company Chief Executive Officer.  Provided information security services for a client as part of a security maturity program. Specifically responsible for:  • Implementation, configuration, and integration of McAfee SIEM appliance into existing environment. Creation of data sources and configuration of corresponding endpoints. Creation of customer parsers for missing data source parsers.  • Tuned configuration of ForeScout CounterACT for network activity detection and reporting.  • Implementation and configuration of Gigamon GigaVUE network appliance.  • Responsible for review and creation of security and technical documentation.  • Configuration and maintenance of Palo Alto firewalls.  • Analysis and implementation of new 3-tier network combining traditional and virtual network designs utilizing using VMware vSphere and NSX.  • Performed forensic hard drive analysis aiding in security investigation.  • Performed mobile and desktop API testing.  • PowerShell scripting for troubleshooting and security posture analysis.  Performed TLS configuration for multiple endpoints.  • ForeScout CounterACT  • McAfee SIEM  • Palo Alto Firewalls  • Citrix NetScalers  • Windows Servers  Lead in Outlook 365 company-wide migration.  Staged a two-tier SDDC with VMware vSphere and NSX.  Staged and configured company workstations. Security Analyst NCR - Aliso Viejo, CA 2014 to 2016 Directly reported to Chief Security Officer Connected Payments Retail Division.  Assisted in PCI DSS v3.0, PCI DSS v3.1, PA DSS v2.0, PA DSS v3.1 certification processes that included security penetration testing, application specific testing (payment applications and Cloud), code reviews, architecture reviews, created replicate environments for security testing, risk assessments, environment configurations, research and tool selection, and assisted in preparing security reports and processes.  Assisted in the preparation of technical documentation for peers.  Experienced with SIEM (Nitro) and packet analysis (Wireshark & NetScout/nGeniusONE) for analysis of network trends, cyber threats, proper implementation of SSL/TLS, and various security data correlation.  Assisted in conducting software assessments to identify system vulnerabilities, evaluate attack vectors, and establishing security remediation plans and procedures.  Assisted in indecent response information gathering for forensic threat agent investigation.  Assisted in white-box application security testing of both client and server-side products. QA Automation Engineering Lead Retalix - Aliso Viejo, CA 2013 to 2014 Lead Automation Engineer whose primary responsibility was the extended design and development of a custom automation framework.  Responsible for the analysis of functional requirements for all automation project.  Design, enhancing, and providing Maintenance all automation projects.  Responsible for all Coordination of development efforts with our outsource team.  Execution and analysis of regression, functional, positive/negative/QA black box, performance, load, and UAT automated test executions.  Familiar with the following languages – C#, Visual Basic Application, and some Java.  Performed C# development for QA streamline and automation testing utilities:  • Automation Test Case Generator  • Modular Message Parser  • Software NIC Disconnect  • DLL Interface Automation  • Proprietary Software Automation  • Automation Framework Plug-ins  • Streamline Patch Generator  • Time Management Tracker  • General Purpose Control Panel  • Log File Analyzer  • Receipt Repair Application Quality Assurance Analyst MTXEPS - Aliso Viejo, CA 2012 to 2013 Cloud and client application troubleshooting and defect identification.  TCP/IP and serial data capture and analysis.  Linux point of contact for troubleshooting and new development implementations.  SQL queries and data modification for testing.  Perform QA black box, QA white box, and regression testing for performance and defects.  Develop test cases for new and existing software development.  Parsing of transmission messaging based on third-party specifications.  Identify, test, and document of software bugs and enhancements.  Research and employ new testing techniques. Helpdesk Support Analyst / Helpdesk Lead MTXEPS - Aliso Viejo, CA 2009 to 2012 Promoted from helpdesk analyst to helpdesk lead.  Training of new and existing employees.  Provide customer support for proprietary electronic payments software.  Served as initial point of escalation to Product Management and Development teams.  Worked closely with QA and Operations departments in deploying software upgrades to existing customers.  Ticketing documentation via Gemini system for issue tracking and analysis.  Familiarity with logging and application synergy to troubleshoot point of failure within hardware, OS, proprietary software, or third party software. IT Support Analyst Robert Half Technology - Contacted by MGM - Las Vegas, NV 2007 to 2008 Served as initial point of contact for calls, e-mails, and incident tickets sent to Service Desk.  Provide IT phone support for a user base of 70,000+.  Provide IT remote desktop support.  Famatech Radmin  Microsoft Terminal Services  Adhered to service desk procedures and work with management, other IT departments, and end users to constantly improve service.  Created, maintained, and followed-up on ongoing incident tickets as needed.  Multiple application support. Senior Technician / Service Manager UNIComputers - Lawrence, KS 2005 to 2007 Manager of the repair service center.  Supervised and managed 5 employees.  Maintain inventory for computer repair hardware that included purchasing and evaluating hardware purchases.  Created, research and implemented new repair techniques and tools.  Diagnosis and repair of desktop/notebook computer systems including: Dell, HP, Alienware, Gateway, IBM, Compaq, Acer, eMachines, Sony, Systemax, and custom builds.  Specialization in repair methods:  • BSOD Diagnosis  • Data Backup  • Data Integration  • Data Recovery  • Data Transfer  • Internet Connection Restoration  • OS Restoration  • RAID Integration  • Registry Repair  • Software Installation  • Virus and Spyware Removal Systems Administrator America First Financial - Anaheim, CA 2002 to 2005 Building custom computers for America First Financial that included one file server and eight workstations.  Design and implemented TPC/IP and IPX hardwire network consisting of fifteen computers, one laser printer, and an all-in-one printer.  Implemented a wireless network utilizing WPA and MAC address restrictions for security.  Conducted training in the use of Point loan processing software and integrated add-ons.  • Computer diagnosis and repair consisting of:  • Corrupted Data Recovery  • Data Transfer  • Hard Drive  • Internet Connection Restoration  • Network Troubleshooting  • RAID Integration  • Software Installation  • Software Conflict  • Custom PC Builds  • On-site repair services for remote branches using PCAnywhere, Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection, and VPN. Network Administrator International Home Capital Corp - Las Vegas, NV 2000 to 2002 Programming of an Excel Visual Basic Application which allowed for quick reference of retail information.  Purchase and implementation of hardware upgrades of current computer and network systems.  Training in the use of Point loan processing software and integrated add-ons.  Domain access and control management.  Network connection and endpoint troubleshooting. Education Gilbert West High School 2000 Certifications/Licenses VMware Certified Advanced Professional 6 - Network Virtualization Deployment December 2018 to Present Credential ID: VMW-02323245N-02343910  Credential URL: https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/2af9870a-a62d-488b-a1a1-74ce76fc0811 VMware Certified Professional 6 - Network Virtualization October 2018 to Present Credential ID: VMW-02323245N-02343910  Credential URL: https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/01882987-0c9a-4538-a2ba-ccc3edb0054d VMware vSphere 6.5 Foundations September 2018 to Present Credential ID: VMW-02323245N-02343910  Credential URL: https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/df2572ee-13bc-47ef-b90d-caec3172ec51 CompTIA A+ September 2018 to Present Credential URL: https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/06e7404b-a824-44e4-9f9e-83e3d12e0702