Business System Consultant Business System Consultant Business System Consultant - Wells Fargo Charlotte, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business System Consultant Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC January 2019 to Present ? Current Assignment is with Wells Fargo  ? Perform project management where needed.  ? Provide technical support for applications  ? Create CR's and Work Request  ? Research application issues; define risk and bring resolution  ? Facilitate all access requests using BOTS; ART; and other request process tools  ? Perform special project work as needed.  ? Coordinate efforts with other technical groups to resolve issues  ? Manage communications to support partners, project status reporting Senior Application Support Analyst Mitchell Martin - Charlotte, NC July 2018 to January 2019 Current Assignment is with AIG  ? Perform project management where needed.  ? Provide communications to all levels of the organization in regards to upgrades, patches, outages and request for information.  ? Communicate effectively through emails and phone meetings.  ? Perform project coordination.  ? Manage application verification process for infrastructure changes that affect North and Latin America.  ? Perform special project work as needed. Sr. IT Business Security Analyst TIAA-CREF - Charlotte, NC May 2018 to July 2018 Current Assignment is with TIAA-CREF  ? Performs feasibility analysis, scopes projects and works with project team to prioritize  ? Provide support by coordinating data extractions and interpret data to help in deployments.  ? Communicate information and ideas to enhance process improvements  ? Coordinate with various technical teams to track deployment process.  ? Translate business needs into functional requirements.  ? Support cybersecurity process Business Analyst TekSystems - Charlotte, NC October 2016 to April 2018 Current Assignment is with Wells Fargo. Job title is Business System Consultant -4  ? Provide support for multiple LOB and stakeholders.  ? Acts as a liaison between client area and technical organizations by planning, conducting, and directing the analysis of complex business problems to be resolved with automated systems.  ? Provides technical assistance identifying and developing systems procedures that are cost effective and meet business requirements.  ? Develop system test plans and test scripts  ? Work with user groups to provide training, resolve questions, assess user needs and recommend changes  ? Database governance/compliance  ? Support the reporting for both Oracle and SQL databases  ? Create reports and perform Data Analysis (translate for other business area)  ? Perform Compliance and oversight within the LOB of support in Wells Fargo & Co.  ? Create CR request on a monthly basis and track progress to completion. Senior Security Analyst Team Lead Aetna INC - Charlotte, NC May 1996 to October 2016 Security access is maintained by adhering to (SOX) Sarbanes - Oxley publish rules and requirements  ? Ensure all security access is compliant within regulatory guidelines  ? Ensure all Security access is HIPAA compliant  ? Comply with HIPAA guidelines in sending secure emails when communication to external users  ? Handle plan sponsor accounts that contain sensitive info on users and sensitive data in the form of reporting info that I must comply with when conducting correspondence.  ? Manage all internal user accounts that contain several layers of info that requires me to function within HIPAA guidelines.  ? Conduct Audits to remain HIPAA compliant (Created automated process to remove access when HIPAA requirements are not met)  ? Attend regular meetings with Privacy Managers and use various tools to monitor security risk/threats  ? Perform monthly audits and account update review to minimize threats  ? Work with business entity to create new policies and procedures around changes to the Security workflow when new regulations for HIPAA arise    ? Experience administering Active Directory and group policies.  ? Perform Security audits to protect data integrity  ? Prepares and periodically updates draft information security policies,  ? Provides technical guidance to administer and maintain user accounts within Active Directory  ? Monitor SAN/LAN server environment and responds to complex technical problems utilizing a variety of server monitoring tools  ? Expertly assemble new server; ensure server backups are scheduled, maintained and verified to ensure a stable\reliable LAN environment  ? Monitored Queues on all Exchange Servers and configure alerts  ? Designs and implements access controls to protect data and applications  ? Implemented security checks, performed audit reports at database level for authorized access.  ? Queue Manger by distributing tickets to technical analyst, and make sure do not exceed SLA, create or dispatch tickets beyond our control (i.e. DBA, Server Ops, Network Ops) in our (Service Now Ticketing System)  ? Perform as subject matter expert for projects and enhancements to security procedures  ? Provide tier II training and support on Information Security protocols and procedures to technicians  ? Provide Support for web applications with a user base of 3000 plus users. Internal user support of 1500 plus. Support consists of analytics on every day, projects, procedures and deployments.  ? Communicate with various IT departments, account managers, and project managers in order to reach needs and goals for projects, client needs and system enhancements.  ? Provide technical expertise and solutions on client applications and project as a technical resource to users, user department management, and others within the company who are seeking more information about information security  ? Review external client contracts to ensure accuracy and legal requirements are met when submitted.  ? Perform problem determination supporting data warehouse environments  ? Serve as point of contact for all inquiries and associated research.  ? Ensures adherence to established change management processes and timelines  ? Act as Liaison and interact with Programmers, Project Management, Development, Testers, Mainframe support and application support teams  ? Provided and assisted with oversight of all testing related tasks, including incident tracking/reporting, and issue resolution  ? Conduct interviews, fact finding and independent research to design creative, progressive solutions to system issues  ? Assists with the development of system workflow diagrams  ? Executes specific deliverables and activities as part of a team assigned to a business sponsored IT project  ? Develop and communicate effective short term workaround procedures to address system issues  ? Coordinate with peers to analyze issue and provide end-to-end resolutions.    ? Designs and implements access controls to protect data and applications (i.e., RBAC, roles, rules, profiles, templates, groups).    ? Independently identifies, develops and implements security administration processing efficiencies.    ? Provides technical guidance to administer and maintain user accounts (e.g., infrastructure, applications, LDAP, PGP, PKI, etc.) to ensure appropriate access rights are maintained.    ? Independently supports complex application implementations and upgrades.    ? Proactively establishes effective relationships with other support/service areas (e.g., engineering areas, business area development personnel, etc.) to promote efficient processing of access request.    ? Delivers prompt problem analysis and resolution.    ? Ensures adherence to established change management processes and timelines.    ? May provide team leadership for managing workload, team metrics and management reporting. Senior Network Analyst Aetna INC 2001 to 2004 Perform as a Project Leader  ? Responds to all alerts in a timely manner; track and determine recurring issues, providing information and propose recommendations for both internal/externals users applications  ? Provide training, support and technical guidance to team members, as necessary  ? Supports prompt analysis and resolution of access related problems  ? Analyze policy, system and regulatory changes to manage impact and interdependencies  ? Recommends strategic technology solutions based on thorough analysis of business needs  ? Outline organizational implications associated with major technology and business trends  ? Monitor user access rights to ensure unauthorized use  ? Coordinate and perform departmental floor moves, system upgrades, and equipment for various internal departments with a user population of 3000 plus. Education Communications Temple University - Philadelphia, PA 1992 Skills Database (10+ years), liaison (10+ years), project management (10+ years), Security (10+ years), solutions (10+ years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    ? MS Office Products  ? Netscape  ? Access Database  ? Information Security  ? Active Directory  ? Audits  ? Peregrine Service Center  ? Compaq ProLiant  ? Security Analyst  ? Security Administrator  ? DLT Tape Drives  ? VERITAS software (Backup Exec, Net Backup)  ? Data Center  ? Desktop Support  ? Software and Hardware upgrades  ? Data warehouse  ? Business Analyst  ? Project Management  ? Business System Consultant  ? Knowledge of cyber security products and threat management tools  ? Service Now  ? Vulnerability Management  ? Business process solution tools (File Maker; Archer)  ? Remedy (PAC 2000)    10+ years of experience as liaison and SME in coordination role for projects. Coordinating business guidelines to help support IT initiatives and translate this to complete various projects. Trouble shooting various desktop, servers and laptop platforms. Responsible for all reporting and analysis. Experience in development of process and procedures. Experience in documenting procedures. (BRD) Proficient knowledge working in the HealthCare; Media Communications and Banking industries. Create, change and adhere to all policy rules. Provide guidance and prioritization on deployments. Provide technical support for issues and initiatives related to systems; applications and other tools within a business area. Technical competencies in problem resolution and troubleshooting to resolve issues and mitigate risk. Experience with addressing various audiences thru email communication and skype meetings to relay progress on all projects and address any project risk factors. Provide resolution to various complex issues. Address points of interest to all stakeholders and coordinate efforts to project completion.    Excellent customer relations and support; Exemplary communication skills (technical/non-technical audience) and email etiquette, Dependable, strong leader and team member; Tenacity to execute all responsibilities in a timely and organized professional manner; Ability to explain clearly and concisely IT and Business rules and regulations. Consistent support of large user populations. Proven ability to create and deliver solutions that meet corporate objectives tied to business and technology performance. Comfortable operating in a wide range of platforms and environments. Flexible to meeting deadlines and responsibilities. Highly motivated individual with attention to detail