SR. IT AUDITOR SR. <span class="hl">IT</span> AUDITOR SR. IT AUDITOR - VIRGINIA DEVELOPMENT HOUSING AUTHORITY Moseley, VA Work Experience SR. IT AUDITOR VIRGINIA DEVELOPMENT HOUSING AUTHORITY - Richmond, VA May 2015 to Present • Perform audit planning, fieldwork, and wrap-up of engagements, including creating and updating of work programs based on the outcome of the previous audit.  • Define, execute and manage Information Technology audits as identified in the annual audit plan.  • Consult with the Internal Risk team and ISO to develop the IT audit plan based on the results of risk assessments.  • Utilize Pentana Audit Software to manage working papers and capture evidence of work performed to fully support conclusions and findings.  • Develop and present meaningful audit reports to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee for a review that will support the discussions for possible mitigation strategies. CYBER SECURITY ENGINEER SECURITY MATTERS LLC - EINDHOVEN, NL July 2013 to August 2016 • Assisted clients in the installation of Security Matters IDS systems and sensors that met or exceeded their NERC & FERC regulations.  • Created documentation and trained clients staff on whitelisting and blacklisting using protocols such as Modbus, ICMP, DNP3.  • Traveled in the US and Europe installing systems at several customer locations including critical infrastructure for utilities. Reported to DOD and DHS for status updates on system installation.  • Completed training with Security Matters members on Kali Linux penetration testing tools. IT SECURITY ANALYST VIRGINIA OF DEPARTMENT CORRECTIONS - Richmond, VA May 2012 to July 2013 • Performed investigations based on evidence of fraud, waste or abuse of information systems and technology in order to ensure compliance with the VITA framework.  • Utilize Blue Coat K9 to identify top talkers on network and monitor/report internet usage of employees across the DOC footprint.  • Responsible for updating security policy documentation when needed.  • Reviewed and applied information SEC guidelines, policies, procedures.  • Followed and conducted IT audits against the SEC control families. IT SECURITY ANALYST/ IT AUDITOR Collabera-Capital One - Richmond, VA October 2004 to August 2008 • Responsible for the audit planning and testing of internal SOX 404&302 controls.  • Created metrics of control testing and monitoring to explain the effectiveness or ineffectiveness of controls to management and external auditors. Responsible for discussing findings and redefining operations and procedure gaps.  • Identified the IT systems involved in the initiation, authorization, processing, and reporting of financial data.  • Ensured antivirus software MacAfee is updated and recorded. Ensure Checkpoint encryption software is installed on every machine. Ensured entrust is valid and installed on network servers.  • Worked closely with the security processing teams, upper management and business units to assist with implementing changes or corrective actions regarding procedures and IT operations.  • Assisted business units with implementations of new automated processes, applications and software to ensure audit and logging functions are capable before roll out.  • Assisted on IT projects for automated processes to assess risk regarding data integrity and security.  • Led meetings/reviews with E&Y, KPMG, quarterly reviews of key internal SOX 404&302 control statements and processes to document effective or ineffective controls. Explained any audit findings, examples: unauthorized access, untimely or unscheduled changes to critical files and databases that housed very sensitive user and customer data.  • Updated security policies and procedures for IT RISK Office for new applications and systems entering the department of IT RISK. Desktop Support Specialist The Virginia Society of CPA's - Richmond, VA March 2004 to September 2004 • Utilized Windows Exchange and Active Directory functionality to maintain users' access among the network in addition to creating groups, mailboxes shared folders.as requested  • Responsible for maintaining the IT Inventory of Software, Hardware.  • Setup computers, switches and hubs in Class Rooms for training.  • Blackberry Enterprise and troubleshooting experience.  • Incident reporting and investigation of possible malware infections using MacAfee antivirus software.  • Trouble shooting of network devices or network issues.  • Network backup tapes are saved and replaced daily. District Technical Support Specialist H&R Block - Richmond, VA October 2003 to January 2004 • Re-imaged and patched computers in the district.  • Setup and Installed POS (Point of Sale) machines.  • Installed Window server 2003 and Windows 2003 backup server.  • Installing and configuring antivirus software MacAfee.  • Installed and Configured Tax Applications.  • Installed and Configured switches, hubs, and VPN.  • Setup and installed Local and Network printers. Desktop Support, Philip Morris - Richmond, VA December 2002 to August 2003 • Desktop Support/Helpdesk.  • Switched out old PCs to install new PCs running Windows XP.  • Setup user accounts and passwords.  • Configured settings and applications for user.  • Moved data from old Domain to the new Domain. Education BS Strayer University - Concentration Security, Information System Administration, BS February 2009 to March 2012 Skills AUDIT (8 years), SECURITY (8 years), IT AUDIT (4 years), SARBANES OXLEY (3 years), SARBANES-OXLEY (SOX) (3 years), SOX (3 years), LINUX (3 years), COBIT (Less than 1 year), INFORMATION SECURITY (Less than 1 year), ISO27001 (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), NIST (Less than 1 year), SECURITY PLANNING (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS & Certifications  COBIT 5 foundation and Implementation Certified  IT Audit (9 years) SOX 404 (4 years), VITA Sec501 (4 years), ISO27001 (4 years), Information Security planning (6 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), SOX 302 (4 years), VITA NIST 800-53 (6 years) GDRP (2 years), Kali Linux Tool sets (5 years),