Team Lead Security Engineering and Identity Access Management Team Lead <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineering and Identity Access Management Team Lead Security Engineering and Identity Access Management - Wellmark Runnells, IA Professional with 23 years of experience in the IT industry, 1 ½ years managing multiple security departments, Identity Access Management, Security Engineering. 1 year of leading the efforts to build and manage a datacenter, 3 years of being the principal lead engineer on projects for numerous domestic and international, businesses and corporations.  • Ability to manage and deliver multiple projects while simultaneously giving our business a competitive advantage.  • Comfortable in complex and challenging environments.  • Empathetic leader, always assume good intentions.  • Calm leader during times of crisis  • Outcome based leadership Work Experience Team Lead Security Engineering and Identity Access Management Wellmark - Des Moines, IA November 2017 to Present Primary responsibilities included:  • Manage a diverse team of identity access management operations  • Work closely with compliance and audit to ensure security control are mapped to NIST framework  • Responsible for answering SOC audits.  • Manage a team of IT Security Engineers whom I focus their talents on securing Wellmark data by building automated scanning and monitoring tools and services.  • Validate CIS controls are being met in the cloud and on-prem for applications, infrastructure, and open source software.  • Participate in writing security policies that align to NIST framework  • Assist in creating and managing the budget  • Procure software and tools  • Negotiate project SOWs with 3rd party vendors  • Interview and hire staff on-shore and off-shore Solutions Availability Engineer Wellmark - Des Moines, IA March 2015 to November 2017 Primary responsibilities included:  • Design and architect infrastructure to provide highly available systems for Wellmark applications.  • Deploy and manage Wellmark federated identity management through ADFS  • Work with Devops to securely deploy HIPAA applications to the cloud (AWS, Azure)  * Design new secure solutions to provide greater application availability.  * Provided support for Identity Management solution Oracle (OIM/OIA)  * Write "least privilege" access policies and procedures for provisioning access to AWS  * Lead SME for Wellmark's Identity Management tool, Sailpoint IdentityIQ). Facilities Manager IP Pathways - Des Moines, IA March 2014 to March 2015 Primary Responsibilities included:  • Design and procure resources to build a 120 rack, carrier grade datacenter  • Oversee construction of datacenter, manage vendor's deliverables  • Negotiate support/maintenance contracts with outside vendors to support the datacenter  • Hire, train and manage Network Operation Center (NOC) staff IT Consultant IP Pathways - Des Moines, IA November 2010 to March 2015 Primary responsibilities included:  • Design and install virtualization solutions leveraging VMware, Netapp and Cisco UCS  • Deploy highly available virtualized solutions for global companies  * Design and deploy large scale distributed virtualized desktop solutions (VDI).  * Train and mentor junior staff  * Work with Federal, State and local governments to provide secure and segregated virtualized solutions  * Deploy HIPAA secured virtualized solutions for hospitals and clinics IT Associate Consultant McGladrey - Des Moines, IA June 2010 to November 2010 Primary responsibilities included:  • Provide IT services to a variety of small and medium size businesses.  • Support, maintain and service client's servers, workstations and network equipment.  • Design new solutions for the unique requirements for each of our clients.  • Act as the lead IT support staff, addressing all technical needs and mentoring junior staff. Principal Global Investors Des Moines, IA 2007 to 2010 IT System Associate  Primary responsibilities included:  • Analyzed and resolved all server related issues. Create solutions to mitigate repetitive problems.  • Built application/documentation to give coworkers faster access to accurate information  • Managed work studies (student employees) time by assigning project work.  • Supporting the server infrastructure for portfolio managers applications, develop infrastructure  solutions for new applications and processes.  • Managed staff of 3 contractors to develop a SOC reporting tool. Network System Analyst DMACC - West Des Moines, IA 2005 to 2007 Primary responsibilities included:  • IT Manager for DMACC West Campus  • Negotiate contracts with outside vendors to provide support and solutions for AV, network and other computer systems.  • Analyzed and resolved all server related issues. Create solutions to mitigate repetitive problems.  • Built application/documentation to give coworkers faster access to accurate information  • Managed staff of 2 interns  • Responsible for all hardware, software and connectivity for the campus Network System Analyst DMACC - Ankeny, IA 2000 to 2005 Primary responsibilities included:  • Negotiate contracts with outside vendors to provide support and solutions for AV, network and other computer systems.  • Managed identities of staff, faculty and entire student body across the state of Iowa  • End user support, corporate group support, server builds (windows 2000/2003), active directory user creation and maintenance, laptop image creation, desktop image creation, backup management, modify current VB scripts.  • Migrated from Novell to an Active Directory Windows 2000  • Upgraded to a full Windows 2003 Server Active Directory, Exchange and Windows XP Pro environment. Education High school or equivalent Skills HIPAA, NIST, WEB SERVICES, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, BUDGET