Team Lead - IT Access Management Administration Team Lead - <span class="hl">IT</span> Access Management Administration Team Lead - IT Access Management - MB Financial Bank Ann Arbor, MI Dedicated IT professional with over 16 years of experience in the identity and access management field. Experience with creation and validation of user accounts within regulated organizations. Known as a dedicated team player who strives to complete detailed tasks within required timelines. Work Experience Team Lead - IT Access Management Administration MB Financial Bank - Ann Arbor, MI December 2015 to July 2019 Team Lead - IT Access Management   Provisioning administrator for user access to applications across the organization. Led the access/provisioning administration team in ID creation and periodic system validations. Responsible for hiring, training and annual performance reviews. Actively participated in audits; gathering data, implementing procedural documentation for audit review and remediated risks as found.    • Represented the access administration team in the O365 upgrade project which impacted approximately 2,000 MB users. Developed the O365 procedures used across the organization for access administration. Trained the access administration teams on the new process.  • Managed the process of integrating 160 new employees into applications as the bank purchased another mortgage division. Participated in meetings across the organization to gather information on access requirements while keeping process structure to meet audit standards.  • Represented the Mortgage division on a project to migrate application data into SailPoint as a certification tracking system that was to be utilized organization wide.  • Actively coordinated the closing of the Mortgage division with 1,000+ user's access and closing out applications the organization utilized to meet government compliance. IT Provisioning /Access Administrator MB Financial Bank - Ann Arbor, MI May 2015 to December 2015 Managed user accounts in Active Directory, MSOutlook, and other 3rd party system applications to support the Mortgage division. Actively performed access validations/certifications according to scheduled assignment. Update documentation as procedures changed or to help clarify processes.    • Promoted to team lead within 6 months of employment.  • Tracked and monitored tickets and work orders for timely resolution and completion. Tickets range from trouble shooting client access, adding additional work requirements, new user access administration and terminations.  • Escalated tickets to appropriate groups for resolution outside of the defined role limits. ID Administration and Compliance IBM Corporation - Global Technology Services June 2003 to November 2015 • Verified requests coming in had proper approvals for users access.   • Set up user accounts in Active Directory and the TSS Mainframe client.  • Assisted in updating existing departmental documentation and creating documentation for new processes/applications. Periodic Compliance Account Management / Governance Administrator IBM Corporation - Global Technology Services January 2007 to April 2015 Governance focal for validations per contract requirements for the GTS division. Validations include Quarterly Employment Verification, Continued Business Needs and Privilege Owner/Privilege revalidation. Audit Focal team - Managed IAM audits and interfaced with auditors for compliancy.    • Member of a team that passed IBM's corporate audit with the American Express Account. Only three of the 12 GTS accounts that were audited by Corporate passed that year. AMEX was the largest accounts within IBM GTS.  • Performed additional role of a Subject Matter Expert for IBM's User Revalidation Tool, processes and the scripts. There were 12 SMEs to support a team of 120 members. Educated ID Provisioning teams on policy changes.  • Project Manager/liaison between American Express client and the offshore support staff. Ensured data integrity and meet the deadlines of the client. Trained and turned over the American Express account to IBM Argentina in less than 90 days.  • Clients supported: American Express, Gates, Honeywell, Philips Medical, Bank of America. ID Administrator and Compliance IBM Corporation - Global Technology Services - Ann Arbor, MI November 2005 to January 2007 •  Verified requests coming in had proper approvals for users access.   •   Set up user accounts in Active Directory and the TSS Mainframe client.  •  Assisted in updating existing departmental documentation and creating documentation for new processes/applications. IT Security Analyst ABN AMRO / LaSalle - Ann Arbor, MI June 2003 to November 2005 Responsible to ensure that Infrastructure, End User Support and Voice Communications teams are performing up to audit standards for security on systems.    • Performed monthly checks on network and system accounts on the domain to verify users are actively utilizing their system accounts and changing passwords so they cannot be cracked.  • Acted as a "gatekeeper, " for system access of all network users in the domain and required software packages.  • Provided 24X7 support for distribution of system passwords to the application support team.  • Responsible for distribution of the system backup tapes to the offsite location.  • Acted as the liaison to the End User Support and Network teams on virus protection and patches that need to be installed per corporate requirements. IT Help Desk Analyst ABN AMRO / LaSalle October 2001 to June 2003 Received and record calls from Users requiring PC support. Created and provisioned users in company's mortgage website.    • Provided initial assessment of incidents and make first attempt to resolve user's issue.  • Monitored and escalate incidents according to agreed service level agreements.  • Kept users informed on status and progress of trouble tickets.  • Responsible for system access for new users into the organization on required software packages. Education BA in Sociology The University of Michigan - Ann Arbor, MI Skills AUDIT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, MS OFFICE, PROBLEM SOLVING, MENTORING Assessments Human Resources Skills: Recruiting — Highly Proficient August 2019 Managing the candidate sourcing and selection process. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xt0ve9hc1f5pxjqz Verbal Communication — Highly Proficient August 2019 Speaking clearly, correctly, and concisely. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/txxmid-agynbl4ed Problem Solving — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/h4qahsioxmnw5vda Human Resources Skills: Compensation and Benefits — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of compensation and benefits programs. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nfe3u34ntei-0mu3 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.