PC Tech PC Tech PC Tech - Cheyenne Regional Medical Center Kansas City, MO Well-rounded OS Senior Technician, Team Lead. Experience includes Migration Management, Risk Management, and Technical Project Management with over 15 year of technical support, processing, and  management of various departments. Design, development, implementing/migrating and troubleshooting computer systems, peripherals, and networks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PC Tech Cheyenne Regional Medical Center - Cheyenne, WY February 2016 to Present Night Technical Support; Administration of AD Users and Computers; Internet Explorer Migration from 9 11; Troubleshooting various issues for Hospital Staff (including EPIC, Printers, Desktops, Laptops, Zebra label printers, Cisco VOIP, Ascom phones, and Biomed devices); PC Imaging using LanDesk; Ticket Escalation and documentation via LanDesk Service Desk; Remote administration via RDP, Dameware, and LanDesk. Assisted with VDI implementation. Monitor and prioritization of all tickets in the IT department to ensure SLAs are met and critical issues resolved quickly. Team Lead, Info Security Analyst BNY Mellon - Pittsburgh, PA January 2011 to December 2015 Remote  Global team, Active Directory Migration, Internet Explorer --from IE 6 to IE 8 - testing and implementation; Level 2 IT support; Administration of AD Users and Computers; Project communications management; Training techs; Data and software validation; Technical Project Management for global AD Migrations (interfacing with both Business Managers and Support personnel for migration scheduling and implementation); Documentation writing for Support Techs to support AD Migrations; Password Synchronization project support; Troubleshooting PC, user account, and server issues post migration; Ticket Escalation as deemed necessary for Lights on service and migration issues via BMC Remedy; Access Database Maintenance; Independent Consultant PM Lighting Sales - Saucier, MS March 2010 to March 2013 PC/laptop maintenance and repair; New network client setup; Remote support for PC troubleshooting. IT Technician US Steel (subcontractor through Adea Solutions) - Pittsburgh, PA April 2010 to December 2010 Troubleshooting Windows 2000/NT/XP/Vista, LotusNotes through 8.5 platforms; AD Domain  Migrations for Texas and Canada; VPN; Supported desk-side and networking issues using HP Service Center 6. Phone Tech TekSystems at UPMC - Pittsburgh, PA June 2009 to June 2009 Support for analog to IP phone conversion of Lucent phones. IT Technician US Steel - Pittsburgh, PA August 2008 to May 2009 Troubleshooting Windows 2000/NT/XP/Vista, LotusNotes 7 platforms; AD Domain migrations for Texas and Canada; VPN; Supported desk-side and networking issues using HP Service Center 6. Universal Service Agent Citizens Bank - Pittsburgh, PA January 2005 to March 2008 Desktop, Web Browser, and Financial Management software support for Retail Banking and Loan Service Desk. Education Associates of Science in Information Technology Pittsburgh Technical Institute - Oakdale, PA 2009 Skills Desktop Support, Help Desk, Pc Support, Help Desk Support, Deployment, LAN, Hardware