IT Security Operations Team Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Operations Team Lead IT Security Operation Team Lead - INTL FCStone Inc US Work Experience IT Security Operations Team Lead INTL FCStone Inc September 2018 to June 2019 • Develop or update project plans for information technology projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.  • Develop and manage work breakdown structure (WBS) of information technology projects.  • Schedule and facilitate meetings related to information technology projects.  • Monitor the performance of project team members, providing and documenting performance feedback.  • Develop and manage annual budgets for information technology projects.  • Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables. Senior Network Security Analyst INTL FCStone Inc. July 2017 to September 2018 • Document computer security and emergency measures policies, procedures, and tests.  • Train users and promote security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency.  • Confer with users to discuss issues such as computer data access needs, security violations, and programming changes.  • Adhere to Sox, Finra, ISO, and Client regulations to ensure continuity of business.  • Conduct regular internal Application Penetration testing for internal team prior to implementation.  • Investigate security violations to identify shortcomings within the organization in need of security measures or policy adjustments. Systems Access Administrator INTL FCStone Inc. April 2017 to July 2017 • Support the security function by validating system access requests for appropriate controls and approvals.  • Ensure proper access and usability, while maintaining and understanding the controls around access which support compliance regulations.  • Create, modify and delete user account profiles for various systems applications used across the business throughout the system security life-cycle.  • Monitor departmental mailbox queue for access and termination requests.  • Analyze and monitor access on various business systems and applications, including creation, deletion and modification of access within business roles and groups.  • Supported teams around the globe to ensure proper access to high-availability banking systems. Distance learning Administrator (Contract) Iowa Army National Guard July 2016 to March 2017 Oversee the daily performance of computer systems.  • Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.  • Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software.  • Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.  • Monitor network performance to determine whether adjustments need to be made, and to determine where changes will need to be made in the future.  • Analyze equipment performance records to determine the need for repair or replacement. Cyber Security Internship ICN August 2015 to March 2016 • Provided technical support, maintenance and design for systems and applications under Cyber control.  • Reviewed help desk reports daily to assist the network operations center in ticket resolution.  • Resolved help desk tickets at departments level, escalated higher level incidents to supporting entity.  • Participated in daily team meetings designed to bring together internal knowledge and discuss problems and issues that could be improved internally as well as externally within the ICN.  • Assisted with the testing and transition of database systems from Microsoft SQL Server Database design to an Oracle 11G database architecture.  • Reviewed and implemented security policies on various workstations and user accounts. 91B, All Wheel Vehicle Maintainer U.S. Army February 2006 to January 2014 • Maintained wheeled vehicles, their associated trailers and material handling equipment systems.  • Use of applicable references, inspecting, servicing, maintaining, repairing, replacement, adjusting and testing of wheeled vehicles and material handling equipment systems, subsystems and components including:  o Power plant/packs, compression ignition engines and engine fuel systems, air induction and exhaust systems and cooling systems.  o Vehicle chassis and power train components including, frame cross members, clutches assemblies, transmissions, transfers, final drives, propeller shaft assemblies, brake systems and steering systems, suspensions systems, fifth wheel assemblies, wheeled vehicle crane, hoist and winch assemblies, and hydraulic systems. Education Master of Science in Information Technology Kaplan University 2014 to 2016 Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: SPC