Information Security Manager & Head of Security Operations Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager &amp; Head of <span class="hl">Security</span> Operations | Information Security | Corporate Culture | Leadership & Mentoring | Regulatory Compliance | Business Partnerships | IT Security Manager | Principal Security Architect | SIEM | Compliance | Linux | Audits | PCI | HIPPA | SOX | Risk DLP Dallas, TX Passionate, performance-driven Information Security professional who specializes in aligning Security Strategies & Programs within organizations insuring informational assets are properly protected. Strong technical acumen & extensive experience in Cyber Security, Risk, Compliance and Auditing. Well versed in Security Engineering, Architecture, Project Management, Cyber Security Technology Integrations, Vulnerability Detection & Response, and Forensic Investigations. 20+ years of experience strengthening Information Security operations through overseeing regulatory compliance, network threat management & prevention, in turn ensuring data privacy and protection. Meticulous performer who certifies safe IT operations by establishing security controls through implementing information security compliance of HIPPA, SOX, PCI, and NIST baselines. Maintains neat, orderly, and consistent written records, documents security relevant changes, and builds & implements guidance to educate end-users on system security policies and acceptable use standards. Proficient with complex IT Project Management to include: configurations, implementations, data migrations, SIEM Implementation, and IDS/IPS integration. Exceptional knowledge in (DLP) Data Loss Prevention, Risk Mitigation, Information Systems Management, Network Configuration Management of various Windows/Linux server and workstation platforms as well as AWS Cloud Security and hardening. Exhibits great attention to detail, time management and ability to multitask. Determined & dedicated to quality of work & job accomplishment. Focused team player & motivated to lead and follow. Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills. Military Veteran professional who’s passionate, energetic and always ready to support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Manager & Head of Security Operations LaQuinta Hotels Corp Headquarters / WYNDHAM Hotels & Resorts Corp Headquarters - Irving, TX May 2016 to Present Direct Reports: 4 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $10M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    As Head of Security Operations at LaQuinta, directly responsible for overall success of Information Security. Drives the vision & delivers on enhancements & protection measures, improving the overall posture of the Information Security Program at La Quinta, protecting its users & its guests. Subject Matter Expert for a variation of Security technologies to include: SIEM QRadar, FireEye EDR, and ETP, CyberArk, ProofPoint Email Protection, Cylance Endpoint Protection, Qualys, Rapid7 Nexpose, OpenDNS, IXIA, PhishMe, ICEBRG Gigamon Sensors & Light Cyber (UBA). Assumes the role of CISO as required, providing education & training, assessing risk & making executive level decisions on all security matters. Provides risk mitigation for AWS Cloud environment by leveraging Alert Logic technology as well as vulnerability management technology Rapid7 Nexpose, resulting in a lowered risk to cloud infrastructure. Provides technical inputs & recommendations for filling gaps in Security Architecture and works closely with third party vendors to improve and enhance the security of the network and infrastructure. As a SIEM QRadar expert has 5+ years of knowledge & experience integrating and tuning tens of thousands of Windows, Linux and Universal log sources as well as built QRadar from initial install to full operation. After merger with Wyndham Hotels, hand-picked by CISO to remain on as resident expert for La Quinta Security and offered full time role with Wyndham Security Team. Supports four teams at Wyndham daily with incident response, threat hunting and integration and migration projects. Principal Information Security Architect ( IT Security Consultant on 1 year contract) WIPRO Consultant - Charlotte, NC June 2015 to May 2016 Direct Reports: 3 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $20M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    Project engineer & lead for Security Technology integrations including large scale SIEM IBM QRadar Implementation and Configuration for Family Dollar Inc. Developed Implementation Architecture surrounding QRadar and presented to Enterprise Architecture Board. Completed QRadar Installation, configuration, upgrading and patching of appliances. Created, configured and supported 10,000+ Log Sources, built 550 WinCollect Agents to pull over 30,000 windows server logs. Established governance around QRadar, and tuned down over 50,000 False/Positives by investigating sources and reviewing system configurations. Effectively created rules in support of Use Case implementation and generated Host Definition Building Blocks to better correlate events and flow data. Key Stakeholder in developing Incident Response Plan, Analysis and Notification Procedures. Managed Offshore & onsite Cyber Security Team. Interacted daily with all levels of Information Security and IT at Family Dollar & Dollar Tree during migration activities. Often was looked to as the SME for recommendations around integrations and authored several support documents.  Principal Information Security Architect ( IT Security Consultant on 6 month contract) CNO Financial - Carmel, IN January 2015 to June 2015 Direct Reports: 3 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $20M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    Information Security Lead for determining System Security Government compliance for HIPAA, SOX, and NIST by evaluating business strategies and requirements; researches information security standards; conducts system security and vulnerability analyses and risk assessments; studies architecture/platform; identifies integration issues; prepares cost estimates. Very effective Project Lead on SIEM IBM QRadar Implementation and Configuration. Built Log Sources (automatic and manual), built VM for Win-Collect Agents, Established network infrastructure inside QRadar, tuned False/Positives and established Communication plan for incident response. Led Implementation of security systems by specifying intrusion detection methodologies and equipment; directed equipment and software installation and calibration; prepared preventive and reactive measures; created, transmitted, and maintained keys; provided technical support; completed documentation supporting Security reference Architecture. Cyber Security Manager (Defense Contractor) SIERRA NEVADA CORPORATION - Folsom, CA May 2013 to January 2015 Direct Reports: 3 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $10M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    Served as Single Point of contact and Lead for all Security Responsibilities Physical and Informational at three sites. Implemented technical modifications, repairs, patches, & or replacement of information security tools & technologies to systems & servers while maintaining full system accreditation. Responsible for the development & delivery of security policies & procedures in coordination with government agencies & SNC leadership. Monitored sensitive aspects of government agencies’ industrial security programs, ensuring compliance with government and company security policies & procedures. Additionally, protected classified government information & managed personnel security clearances & processes. Utilized technical knowledge within multiple IS physical & technical environments to ensure Government compliance audits would be successful. Provided support to security staff performing document control, classified meetings, transmitting & receiving classified material. Served as primary liaison between Govt. customers and SNC Staff for security related matters, improving end results and output by being a communication bridge to all.  Cyber Security Engineer (Defense Contractor) HARRIS CORPORATION (Formerly Exelis) - Herndon, VA June 2012 to May 2013 Direct Reports: 2 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $10M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    Provided Information System (IS) Security support to National Security computing environments and ensured all Information Systems were technically configured and maintained during classified operations. Had cognizance over the preparation and submission of System Security Plans. Safeguarded 3 classified networks serving 1000 users and 500 systems and servers by providing anomaly detection, inspection, and Implementation of network security controls. Provided technical expertise and oversight to manage the daily administration of security protection measures. Coordinated technical upgrades, repairs, patches, modifications, or replacement of information security tools and technologies. Oversaw training, guiding two new security analysts on proper safeguarding and monitoring of government classified assets. Created and implemented several documents around best practices supporting classified systems and users, resulting in fully accredited System Security Plans and “exceptional” marks on Govt. audits. Help Desk Specialist / Network Administrator / Cyber Security Analyst U.S. Navy - Stationed Worldwide July 1998 to June 2012 Direct Reports: 25 | Equipment/Material Responsibility: $2.5M | Annual Budget Responsibility: $1M    Over 14 year Navy Career served in a broad range of responsibilities, including computer hardware & software implementation, network administration, and data privacy & protection for six commands. Led many sailors in providing support service to 10s of thousands of users as well as Cyber Security Analysis to 10 different DOD Networks. Achieved 100% compliance on patching 5000+ security vulnerabilities. Played key role in receiving numerous “outstanding” audits results after overseeing network migrations of over 20,000 pieces of equipment. Provided anomaly detection, inspection, and implementation of network security controls. Detected and reported 1000+ network intrusion attempts by thoroughly analyzing snort SIEM log data daily. Education Security + CE in Cyber Information & Computer Systems Security CompTIA - Rota, Cádiz provincia 2010 to 2018 Linux + in Linux Systems Administration CompTIA - Redwood City, CA 2013 to 2013 Microsoft Certified Desktop Professional in Windows O/S Server and Workstation XP / Windows 7 Server 2003/2008 Microsoft - Rota, Cádiz provincia 2009 to 2009 Information Systems in Computer Programming and Security Thornridge High School - Dolton, IL August 1995 to June 1998 Bachelor's in Information Security (In Progress) SNHU - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX 2016 Payment Card Industry Professional PCIP & ISA Certified in PCI PCI Counsel Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) (In Progress) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Skills CompTIA Security+ CE. CompTIA Linux +. Microsoft Certified Desktop Profesional. System Administrator, Informaton Assurance, Fiber Optics, DOD 8570-01-M-IAT II, Advanced Network Analyst, PCIP ISA (10+ years), Information Security, PCI, Cissp, Juniper, Palo Alto, Splunk, Information Assurance Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mptaylor1/ Military Service Branch: US Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E5/ IT July 1998 to July 2012 ISSO, ISSM, Network Administration, trouble call response, Supervisor for Network Security, Help Desk Supervisor, LRA, IDS Response.    Manage, operate and maintain Naval telecomunications systems and facilities for the Navy and defense Information Systems Agency. Provide Cryptologic and telecommunications support to the fleet, national cunsumers, & Allied Forces throughout the world. Commendations: MILITARY: Petty Officer Second Class (E-5), US Navy (Honorable Disabled Veteran) 15 Years Served  AWARDS: Sea Service, Navy Achievement, Operation Enduring Freedom, Defense Service, Meritorious Unit & Navy Unit Awards Awards SELECT ACCOMPLISHMENTS - Deputy CISO: Provided Board and Executive level reporting on budget impacts to the Security program, forecasted long-term funding requirements. Directed internal team, outside consultants, and security vendors to deliver on critical implementations to significantly improve the overall state of Security for the Corp Office, 900+ hotels and 5000+ users. Successfully identified several improvements to security strategies, saving 10s of thousands of dollars in CAPEX & OPEX Budget costs & spending.    - Principal Information Security Architect: Worked daily supporting all levels of IT Infrastructure, Management, and Architecture Teams to provide ongoing IT Security oversight and recommendations for gap fills throughout the network and application infrastructures. Performed a pivotal role in the technology risk management and performed security risk assessments and audits, while handling information security incidents and providing information assurance awareness training.    - Manager Cyber Security: Managed large project migrating of 3 California Sites from Windows XP to Windows 7 including a total of 1000 systems. Submitted 10 individual Network Security Plans to Government Defense Security Service Office receiving 100% compliance on Inspections & full Government Accreditation on all systems.    - Information Assurance Analyst: Oversaw creation, modification and submission of System Security Plans and procedures for company’s major Niprnet (Unclass) and Siprnet (Classified) networks supporting over 5000 pieces of equipment and network devices. Partnered with senior executives and authored a number of policies, procedures and processes for Technology and Operations to include use of Social Media, Thumb Drives, 3rd Party Email, and Vulnerability Response. Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ CE December 2010 to Present DOD 8570-01-M-IAT II December 2011 to Present MICROSOFT CERTIFIED DESKTOP PROFESSIONAL(MCDST) May 2011 to Present CERTIFIED FIBER OPTIC TECH May 2011 to Present IA/CND - Information Assurance/Computer Network Defense (US DoD) September 2005 to Present Information Systems Advanced Network Analyst (DoD US Navy Enlisted) 2004 Information Systems Network Vunerability Tech (DoD US Navy Enlisted) 2003 Information Systems Administrator (DoD US Navy Enlisted) 2002 CompTIA Linux + October 2013 to Present Payment Card Industry Professional PCIP & ISA April 2016 to Present (In Progress) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) October 2017 to Present Additional Information SPECIAL SKILLS  Network Security Vulnerability Response Software & Hardware Troubleshooting  Project Planning & Management Team Leadership & Motivation  Training & Development Process Improvements Use Case Development & Implementation SIEM