Information Security Project Manager/Business System Consultant Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Project Manager/Business System Consultant Information Security Project Manager/Business System Consultant - Wells Fargo N.A Peoria, AZ Work Experience Information Security Project Manager/Business System Consultant Wells Fargo N.A - Phoenix, AZ February 2019 to Present • Manage Enterprise Information security encryption process for applications beginning their deployment phase; ensuring timelines are met  • Develop and maintain close working relationships with key stakeholders to ensure visibility of potential changes and project risks, managing scope.  • Coordinate with SME's to clearly define the business drivers, objectives, solution design and business risk driven approach  • Work with Enterprise Information Security managers & Architects to align process governance and reporting with the overall program structure  • Manage application encryption deployment process flows through effective use of JIRA Project management tool IT Security Project Manager Dignity Healthcare - Phoenix, AZ April 2018 to December 2018 • Provide direct management of assigned projects and all related financial expenditures.  • Deployed Palo Alto Labs Next Generation Firewalls to 39 Dignity locations. Improving IPS/IDS efforts.  ? Migrating existing profiles from existing Cisco ASA to Palo Alto Firewalls.  • Managed employee/vendor Identity Management requirements; HR actions, Privileged Access, Auditing.  • Provide guidance in SCRUM/Agile, Safe & Waterfall methodologies to delivery teams/cross-functional teams. Enterprise Identity & Access Mgmt Program Manager Charles Schwab - Tempe, AZ February 2016 to May 2016 • Provide strategic leadership for programs that require a high degree of collaboration to achieve strategic goals  • Examined security components such as: authentication, encryption, Privileged access management, RBAC  • Manage Enterprise Identity Management Projects to achieve mandated regulatory compliance goals  • Planned and led major integration of 755 disintegrated applications. Tracking status via RSA Archer.  • Conducting application Audits & scheduling remediation of discovered vulnerabilities/errors.  • Executed Gap analysis ~ Upgrading existing environment from Maturity Level 2 (Initial) to Level 4 (Managed) IT Infrastructure/ Security Project Manager/RTE International Business Machines (IBM) - Phoenix, AZ August 2013 to February 2016 May 2016 - Apr 2018  • Managed 22 separate heath care accounts to establish 100% accountability of user IDs. Ensuring security compliance along with HIPPA compliance. Managed external vendors and internal resources to complete the historical data, with contract deadlines met on time.  • Provide direct leadership and guidance to project management staff and identify areas of work that require cross functional communication to inform operations or stakeholders participating in parallel projects  • Conduct and remediate Oracle security vulnerabilities of Organizations DB environments  • Examined Develop and maintain Scorecards. Work with partners/Stakeholders to track program success stories  • Managed quarterly upgrades to major CTL applications. Executing APP/Server & DB patching  • Manage Cross-functional teams to accomplish infrastructure projects. Areas include;  ? Networking requests/Deployment - IPs/ Virtual IPs, Load-Balancing, DMZ environments.  ? Creation/Decommissioning of needed servers (Virtual/Physical) to support projects  ? Allocate/Reclaim SAN & NAS storage as needed to support projects  ? Conduct user acceptance Testing (UAT) of all application deployments.  • Migration and upgrade of multiple applications and databases to new hosts and/or Operating systems. Identity & Access Management Engineer International Business Machines (IBM) - Regina, SK April 2012 to July 2013 • Managed employee/vendor Identity Management requirements; HR actions, Privileged Access, Auditing.  • Technical Delivery Manager ~ RSA Secure ID & Common Access Card (CAC) program  • Conducted ID clean-up ~ Removing 2500+ IDs/potential vulnerabilities. Reducing work across the department. Analyst International Business Machines (IBM) - Tucson, AZ August 2009 to April 2012 • ISIM Vault / Shared ID program - Project Engineer  • Coordinate with ID owners to establish Shared ID program participation ~Scope included EVERY customer acct.  • Compiled, configured and uploaded applicable account data to ISIM Vault  • Managed 22 separate health care accounts to establish 100% accountability of user IDs. Ensuring security compliance along with HIPAA compliance. Managed external vendors and internal resources to complete the historical data. The contract deadlines were met on time. Program Manager DynCorp International - Kabul, AF March 2008 to August 2009 • Managed Country wide deployment of ERP Application for Afghan Ministry of Defense  • Created multiple domain, Network for 14 different Operation locations for Afghan Ministry of Defense  • Successfully managed staff of 9 Interpreters to develop and translate user guides into four different languages. Group Superintendant / Evaluator Flight Engineer United States Air Force July 1987 to July 2007 • Operations Group Superintendent ~ Managed readiness for 400+ Command Aircrew  • Squadron Superintendent ~ Responsible to Unit Commander for Operational readiness.  • Program Manager, AC-130U Flight Deck training ~ Developed & Maintained mission Qualification syllabi.  • Deployed in support of National Defense orders and U.N. Peacekeeping efforts Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA May 2012 Skills Cryptography, Ipsec, Encryption, Rsa, Active directory Additional Information Skills & Interests  • Language/technology: RSA Archer, Actifio, Cyber-Ark, Oracle Identity/Access Manager, Oracle, SQL, UNIX, Active Directory, RSA (token), ISIM/ISAM, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Office 365(O365) Microsoft Project, Visio, Adobe Photoshop Illustrator, Microsoft SharePoint, Agile Methodology, TCP/IP, IPSEC, HPSA/HPOO, Encryption, Cryptography, SecurID, Thales, Vormetric, Transparent data encryption, TDE, Voltage,  • Organizations: U.S.A.Triathlon (USAT)