IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Analyst - Solutions-driven Millville, DE Work Experience IT Analyst Solutions-driven January 2019 to Present professional with 30+ years' experience providing rapid and client-focused technical support. Demonstrated capacity to identify root causes and direct users to lasting resolutions. Adept at articulating complex technical concepts to users of varying technical understanding. Well versed in a variety of common operating systems, applications, and hardware with a proven ability to master new tools and technologies quickly. Outstanding interpersonal strengths illustrated by multiple service awards.    Position Title: IT Analyst Company/Organization: Sherman Corporation  From: Jan 2019 To: Present  Description of Duties:  Network Admin - Maintain Email, File, Backup, database and telephone Servers  Website - Maintain and update company website and social media sites  Helpdesk - Manage all helpdesk needs. Create weekly reports. Maintain knowledge base, create documentation and training material  As needed - VOIP phone, cell phones, all hardware purchasing, setup, maintenance, troubleshooting, service truck setup (hardware, IT, GPS and servicing) Helpdesk March 2018 to January 2019 Description of Duties:  Network Admin - Create and maintain AD, backup (email & share drive accounts).  SharePoint/Website - Developed & maintained IT. Created and managed SharePoint site for electronic process & documentation for procedures.  Helpdesk - Manage all Track- IT tickets. Track- IT administrator - manage full Track- IT policies, templates, reporting, etc. Also, work with each team to ensure consistency is maintained to ensure exceptional monthly reporting.  As needed - scripting, desktop support using DameWare and remote access tools. Restore network files as needed. Administrate the exchange server. IT Security Analyst Evaluate Helpdesk & Security September 2017 to December 2017 Description of Duties: Evaluate Helpdesk & Security teams, create policies and procedures, recommendation on procedures/software/upgrades. IT Analyst Stephen Decaur, Pocomoke, Snow Hill Schools July 2017 to August 2017 Description of Duties: Quality Assurance Lead, Imaging, Configuration, Troubleshooting all laptops for Stephen Decaur, Pocomoke, Snow Hill Schools IT Security Analyst Triumph Enterprises May 2010 to June 2016 Description of Duties:  IT Security - Network Security Analysis Tool reporting, FISMA Program assessment, Technical support, Managed IRT server room consisting of 60 (Windows, UNIX, LINUX, Active Directory) servers with multimillion-dollar forensic software. Experienced with VMWare - vSphere & vCenter. Red Hat, Netsparker, X-Ways, PE Explorer, IIS, Websense, Hadoop, Python & PowerShell  SharePoint/Website Administrator - Website Admin, developed & maintained PMO, Information Security, Compliance & Waivers management, & Policy sites. Created and managed several SharePoint sites & OCIO. Create an electronic process & documentation for procedures. Instructed training classes for SharePoint, MS Office, Service Now ticketing system & more as needed.  Budget Analyst - Produce monthly budget reports, planning & end of year reconciliation. Determine requirements, research vendors, products, and perform cost analyses for best value.  Property Management - Manage OCIO Property Team - 5000+ items (tracking, transfers, surplus, property passes, refresh (lifecycle), maintenance, yearly inventory tracking, tagging and manual entry, and surplus, relocate, track and maintain untagged item) Team Lead / Helpdesk October 2008 to April 2010 Description of Duties: Full production 1st tier support for 51 jurisdictions, Canada, Mexico, and 3rd party accounts, Work with states to resolve helpdesk requests, escalation of outages using conference bridge and worked with Verizon to diagnose router errors and investigate outages. Develop procedures and training for the Helpdesk. Conduct morning system checks for connections, tickets, etc. - reporting of any concerns to appropriate individuals for analysis. Maintain, update, and distribute daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports. Maintain Call Center Monitoring to include the creation of, update, reporting, and distribution of problem tickets. Oversee Compliance Process Monitoring working with other Analysts to create tickets, track issues, provide updates, and complete reporting. SharePoint Administrator for the AAMVA website. Participate in customer out-reach, including but not limited to surveys, phone calls, scheduling, etc. Participate in the training of Operations Team members. Selected as Central Point-of-contact for all States for assistance and guidance. Helpdesk Team Lead / Call Center Freddie Mac August 2007 to April 2008 Description of Duties: Team lead for over 16 technicians as a technical advisor/documentation and training - Developed and maintained technical reference documentation for COTS and customer applications - Developed training courses for the entire company - Acted as a Remedy administrator/developer/tester; assigned to make environmental & functional changes to the program - Worked as the administrator for the manager (document management system) - Maintained server file structure for the CNO department - Developed and maintained the Disaster Recovery documentation. Supervisor, Helpdesk ACF / HHS May 2006 to May 2007 Description of Duties: Evaluate and improve current Helpdesk procedures. Build a plan to improve the expertise level of the technicians, create SLA, SOP, and standard guidelines for both technicians and "customers", develop POC with vendors for hardware (printers, pc, Macintosh, copiers & phone) support, and office supplies. Develop training for COTS and customer applications for ACF, such as the Grant process for posting to web and adding and editing new Grants. Primary Software/Hardware trainer for local and remote staff. Continually investigate alternative solutions for issues as they arise. Supervisor, Helpdesk CQ Press February 2005 to April 2006 Description of Duties: Ensured a high level of customer satisfaction and IT response. Executive support, Active Directory Administration (user accounts, group policies, workstations), telephone administration, document and test pandemic strategies for remote employees as well as 2 local offices, blackberry server administration as well as hands on support / training, VPN dial-up, Internet, reporting and testing. Worked with Windows XP and 2000, MS Exchange 2000-2003, Office 2000 and 2003, MS Access, Track- It, Visio, UNIX, Macintosh, PCs, and numerous other applications (Vista, Sales Force, SQL). Primary Software/Hardware trainer for staff. Executive Support / Team Lead MCI/WorldCom April 1996 to February 2005 Description of Duties: Ensured a high level of customer satisfaction and maintenance of IT knowledge. Executive support, LAN Administration (NT, Novell, and Token Ring), Active Directory Administration (user accounts, group policies, workstations), DNS, and DHCP support, Remedy Action Request System (ARS) Administration and reports, infrastructure, mainframe configuration, Symantec Ghost and Acronis backup/imaging, TCP/IP, security dial-up, VoIP, and Blackberry server administration as well as hands on support / training. On-the-job training of Infrastructure, maintenance and concepts. Developed course training materials for OTS and custom applications. Trained staff on-site and off-site as needed. Used a myriad of software and hardware installations, upgrades, configurations, troubleshooting, and support. Performed software configuration, analysis, documentation development, and training.