Information Security Administrator Specialist Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Administrator Specialist Information Security Administrator Quincy, MA Work Experience Information Security Administrator Specialist State Street Corporation - Quincy, MA November 2015 to Present Ensure all user IDs are maintained/updated on a monthly basis. Maintain SLA of 3 days for individual requests, 3 weeks for bulk requests.   Review group email box for requests for administration. Check for authorization to ensure forms are versioned correctly and updated. Review CDR to check the request/user is still in active status. Log onto system and process requests, ensure data is entered accurately, proof read for errors. Send return email to approver stating that user has been set up and to contact the HD for password. File paperwork appropriately within mailbox.  Maintain the Security Administration Services (SAS) Service Level Target (SLT) of 24 hours for the processing of terminated users. Delete all IDs associated to the terminated user and update workflow with the appropriate action code.  Verify for FIRECALL requests: the request was submitted to the Security-FIRECALL mailbox from an Authorized approver, or FIRECALL Role Owner; the requestor and the Authorized approver are not the same person; the necessary information is on the form including the ticket number, and the reason for the Firecall; validating an ISO and SVP approval if the request if it's for an extended period of time.  Authenticate the requestor, when contacted, using the SAS password reset process.  Provide the requestor with the FIRECALL ID and password when all requirements are met. Identity Operations Analyst (consultant through NTT DATA Inc.) UMASS Medical School Center for Health Care Financing - Quincy, MA January 2014 to August 2014 Responsibilities  UMASS Medical School Center for Health Care Financing, Jan. 2014 – Aug. 2014   Identity Operations Analyst (consultant through NTT DATA Inc.)   · Received Virtual Gateway Legal documents, such as Service Agreements, and Access Administration forms from HIX and various Virtual Gateway application teams.  · Processed the legal Documentation in the Organization Management System (OMS).  · Cleaned up records in OMS as needed, which included making the records available to all users of OMS.  · Added HIX and other Applications to OMS records based on User Request Forms (URFs).  · Added New Applications to OMS based on releases  · Deployed new roles as needed during deployments.  · Validated URFs that were received in good order (sent in from appropriate AA, completed correctly, etc.)  · Processed URFs either manually or in a bulk fashion  · Assisted CS with login issues or ID issues. Merged accounts based on end user requests  · Ran reports of users or organization records as requested by either Application Members or provider/organizations.  · Migrated users from existing systems  · Performed mass updates on user in either a decommission task or other required tasks.  · Shared responsibilities from other areas managed by the team as necessary. When needed, participated in data analysis and management, performed data cleansing, de-duplication and harmonization of data received from, and potentially used by, multiple systems. Business Analyst State Street Bank - Boston, MA 2011 to November 2012 consultant through Olmstead Associates, Inc.)  • Assist with the conversion of a State Street client from a legacy performance system to State Street's enterprise system, primarily focusing on the configuration of the Enterprise system.  • Configure benchmarks and assign to client accounts, based on mapping rules provided.  • Support project manager with researching historical return differences between legacy system and those loaded to Enterprise system.  • Provide ad-hoc support for reconciling and researching configuration setup differences, as we get closer to the conversion. IT Security Specialist (consultant through Strategic Staffing Solutions) ING - Braintree, MA 2009 to 2011 Utilized my IT Security administration experience in a multi-platform environment, including Active Directory, UNIX and Mainframe (RACF/MCH).  • Reviewed security access requests for approvals via a ticket system, for accuracy and proper approval, then assign to the appropriate processing team.  • Maintained an understanding of existing security policies and guidelines.  • Timely follow-up and communication with all levels of the organization, using customer-centric terminology.  • Prioritized ID access requests based on business requirements.  • Shared security compliance knowledge with team members and helped customers, team, and management understand potential security risks associated with the access requested.  • Responded to audit requests as required.  • Other duties as assigned. Business Analyst (contractor through Gardner Resources) State Street Bank - Milton, MA 2008 to 2008 Handled daily processing to set new funds up on the mainframe (MCH) and select downstream server based applications for the IBT Conversion.  • Constant interaction in the form of both written and verbal communication with internal operations areas.  • Responsibilities were to analyze requirements, make informed decisions and elevate issues as necessary.  • Adhere to daily deadlines and processes, with good attention to detail.  • Efficiently utilized existing processes, analyzed and made constructive, well thought out proposals for improvement.  • Timely delivery to internal users for acquisitions, conversions or new business to be executed as client requirements dictate.  • Analyzed and processed new portfolio setups based upon acquired knowledge of standard setup and procedure.  • Weekly rotation included monitoring the group mailbox to ensure requests were in order i.e.: current version of the Access based request form was used, type of business (MF or IIS) indicated and request was submitted by an authorized sender.  • Processed the download on the mainframe (MCH) via macros to populate new fund set-ups with the needed data, as well as DWS and STS.  • Forwarded new set-ups to Risk for approval, specific internal application requests to the owner of the system (Mantissa, WIM&CS, On-Line Directory). Business Analyst (contractor through Kelly Financial Resources) State Street Bank - Boston, MA 2007 to 2008 Boston, MA 2007 - 2008  Business Analyst (contractor through Kelly Financial Resources)  • Responsibilities were to reconcile both cash and position discrepancies for client.  • Responsible for analyzing a PeopleSoft database (procurement side) to compare/audit sensitive business information to help identify information discrepancies and propose solutions.  • Performed as a liaison function between State Street Corporation, consultants, users and providers.  • Worked as a liaison to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for changes to PeopleSoft information system.  • Understood business problems and opportunities in the context of the requirements and to recommend solutions that would enable the State Street Corporation to achieve its goals. This was an internal consultant role to identify options for improving business systems and bridge the needs of the business with the use of IT. Business Analyst/ Security Analyst Fidelity Investments March 2005 to August 2007 contractor through Veritude) IT Security Analyst Fidelity Investments - Boston, MA 1998 to 2007 Security Analyst (contractor through TEKSystems) Fidelity Investments - Boston, MA 2006 to 2006 Assisted IT Security Group with creating documents and obtaining sign off on Quarterly and Annual documentation for (26) applications related to Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX). IT Security Analyst Fidelity Investments December 1999 to October 2004 full time employee) Security Analyst Fidelity Investments August 1998 to December 1999 contractor through TempWorks)  • Analyzed security related risks and conducted countermeasure inspections. Act as point of contact and coordinator with Business Units and Risk Management.  • Created and provided continuous monitoring of Standard Access Definitions (SADs) to ensure access was appropriate to role.  • Revised and updated SADs to mitigate information security risk. Met with Business and Sr. Mgmt for approval/sign off of access and the end users associated with a particular SAD.  • Met with peers across organization to improve process for access to applications. Participated in UAT for updates to applications supported.  • Daily monitoring of requests via Access Central, a UNIX based application that showed the access granted to users supported. Provided, modified and deleted access to several applications via this platform.  • Responsible for maintaining and reporting security metrics to the ISO.  • Reviewed daily, the STARS reporting system to validate terms, transfers and access appropriate to role.  • Provided day-to-day operational service in responding to business inquiries regarding security.  • Monthly ESM (Enterprise Security Manager) reporting.  • Provided Information Security support to multiple business divisions and external customers with a team of ten security analysts.  • Reviewed security requests, daily correspondence and phone interaction with internal and external customers.  • Worked collaboratively with partnering business groups on projects, ensured appropriate authorizations had been obtained for records, ensured the applications/products (Top Secret, FBSI, Shado, CA, CACTUS, MAPS, Symphony, NASA, FOLBS, XTRAC, FOREX, DTC, BRASS, Advisor Channel, StreetScape) supported were not compromised and that the integrity of those environments and their data was secure.  • Provided technical assistance within areas of expertise to various security teams, project managers and developers.  Investigated security violations, addressed/communicated those deviations directly with customers and recommended course of action to management.  • Compiled and organized data for presentation to senior management. Senior Securities Account Administrator State Street Corporation - Westwood, MA 1993 to 1998 Account Administrator  • Ensured timely posting of global custody trade instructions on MCH (Multi Currency Horizon) from brokers and clients, monitored same and settled at end of day (DTC, PTC, FED, Physical and Euroclear).  • Prepared daily cash reconcilements and responded to weekly position discrepancies and past due income.  Processed income collections and corporate actions for various domestic and international brokers.  • Processed wire transfers, international cables, foreign drafts, treasurers' checks, loan advances/payment, back deposits, tax payments, opened and closed client checking/savings accounts.  • Researched and responded to client inquiries in a timely manner. Additional Information QUALIFICATIONS    Over fifteen years experience in the Financial Industry. Work well independently, as well as collaboratively, with little to no supervision. Ready to accept new challenges, resourceful, take initiative, work well under pressure, multi-task, quick learner, very strong work ethic. Computer proficient, able to navigate the systems (Microsoft Office, Crystal Reports, AS400/RACF, UNIX, Incident Monitor, Service Now, DSTi) with ease, effortlessly adapt to new technology. Possess excellent interpersonal, communicational and organizational skills, attention to detail, superb written and verbal ability.