IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Analyst - US EPA Office (OCFO) Alexandria, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst State of Alabama - Montgomery, AL December 2015 to September 2016 • The CARES Project is an eligibility and enrollment services for life-critical support programs to families in need through State sponsored Medicaid, CHIP and DHR for Alabama State.  • This was a $100m project spanning through multiple state agencies.  • Worked with ISSM to ensure that management, operational and technical controls for securing sensitive security systems complied with special publication 800-53 requirements.  • Assisted the System Owners and ISSM in preparing Certification and Accreditation packages for their IT systems  • Reviewed and updated some of the artifacts especially FIPS 199 (SP 800-60), Initial Risk Assessment (SP 800-37), E-Authentication, PII, PTA, PIA, ST&E, SAR, and the POAM.  • Ensured that Contingency Planning and Contingency Planning Test are carried.  • Conduct Annual Self-Assessments; identified and communicate IT audit findings to senior management  • Established and documented compliance with information security policies and standards  • Performed risk assessments for information technology assets using the risk management process and the process defined in the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA)  • As a QA Engineer, I concentrate testing efforts on POAM highly critical eligibility system for Medicaid, Medicare, DHR and other federal and local government systems.  • Participated in working Sessions and Reviews with ISSM, CCP IR Analysts, Security Assessors and other support staff on the project.  • Performed Hub calls and document Requests and Responses from CMS through the coded UI and the CARES internal Test Harness.  • Collaborated with Technology and Operations teams to communicate any application deficiencies/ bugs that are uncovered during testing, along with defect resolution. Security Analyst Bank of America - Atlanta, GA December 2008 to March 2010 • Managed internal IT audit engagements including: system platform audits, PCI Compliance for the bank  • Readiness reviews, IT Risk Assessments, change management, and business process control assurance  • Managed security control assessments of Payment Systems for merchant boarding and settlement of funds.  • Collaborated with Information Technology and Operations areas to proactively assess security policy compliance and monitor risk  • Coordinated external 3rd party auditors, including PCI DSS, SAS 70, Record Retention, and Business Process Improvement reviews  • Performed investigations of internal fraud or presumptive fraud with a view to gathering evidence that could be presented in a court of law  • Coordinated and perform compliance audits in accordance to the information protection, data asset and threat provisions under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley and Sarbanes-Oxley Acts.  • Coordinate with Incident Response teams for post-event diagnosis, investigation and documentation.  • Evaluated and assess implementation of the disaster recovery/business continuity plan  • Provided effective project (audit) guidance and leadership to team members and management as it relates to data security and industry compliance Education MBA Howard University - Washington, DC BS in Certified Information Security Manager University of the District of Columbia Skills DATABASE (6 years), SOLARIS (3 years), UNIX (3 years), UNIX SHELL (6 years), .NET (Less than 1 year), JAVA (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills  Operating Systems: Windows 2008/2012, Linux, HPUX, Sun Solaris  Tools: SharePoint, Microsoft Visual Studio, TFS, Microsoft Office, LoadRunner 12.53 Enterprise.  Database: SQL Server2012, Oracle9i 10g, 11g, & 12C  Programming Languages: SQL, Java, Unix shell, C, JSON