IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Fidelity National Information Services Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Fidelity National Information Services - Atlanta, GA July 2018 to Present Lead/Coordinated & assisted with vulnerabilities, security initiatives as while as identifying and working through end of life assets and frameworks within business units to support an enterprise secure environment  ? Maintained and build working relationships with multiple business units which include, IT teams, application owners, various levels of management etc.  ? Implemented, analyzed, reduced, coordinated and resolved findings from vulnerability scans and penetration tests  ? Provided weekly updates to management and direct report (Director) on assigned business units  ? Resolved/Assisted with troubleshooting endpoint security controls Information Security Compliance Analyst (Adecco contractor) Equifax - Atlanta, GA December 2017 to July 2018 Performed daily investigative functions related to the verification of customer data  ? Reviewed and analyze current client data based upon established guidelines  ? Analyzed new and current customer data suppliers to ensure fraudulent data is not submitted to Equifax  ? Conducted investigations involving external customers suspected of submitting fraudulent data  ? Conducted investigations involving web sites dealing with fraud scams and misrepresentation of credit data  ? Reviewed and approved new account prospects based on established guidelines Information Security Analyst (Intern) Intercontinental Hotels Group - Atlanta, GA June 2017 to August 2017 ? Rotated through the various Security teams which consists of Threat & Vulnerability Management, Risk  Management & Compliance & Incident Response  ? Supported PCI DSS compliance through assistance by review of policies and proper practices  ? Assisted with designing incident response plan based on NIST Frameworks (NIST SP 800-61)  ? Provided assistance with review and analysis of vulnerability (Qualys) scan results  ? Identified Risk & Threats faced by IHG and the Hospitality industry Cyber Threat Intelligence (Intern/Part-time) Cyber Resilience Institute April 2017 to August 2017 Part-time internship which involved 30 universities throughout the country that assisted & provided  Cyber Threat Intelligence for the 2017 IAAF World Championship  ? Gained hands on experience working with Threat Intelligence Platforms  ? Applied techniques on how to collect forensic evidence and analyze threats  ? Gained understanding and awareness of the overall threat landscape  ? Led a team of five that provided OPSEC for assigned assets  ? Researched and formed reports on APT threats Information Security Analyst (Strategic Staffing Solutions contractor) Anthem - Atlanta, GA August 2016 to December 2016 Provided second level technical support that involved solving randomly occurring problems, supporting customer service requirements for established information and computer security standards and administered information security safeguards  ? Performed implementation tasks for system and network security technologies and executing testing  ? Perform technology upgrade tasks utilizing change control  ? Responded to level 3 & 4 change and problem requests; participated in level 1&2 incident recoveries with minimal supervision  ? Member of the Data Monitoring Protection Services team which implemented Imperva SecureSphere in response to the 2015 data breach  ? Decommissioned servers and removed SecureSphere DAM on databases no longer being monitored Level II Technician HD Supply - Marietta, GA May 2016 to August 2016 Ensured operational efficiency of HD Supply location by providing Level 2 support for all computing hardware and software  ? Responded to inbound phone calls, email, or web tickets; provides proactive service in the diagnosis and resolution of all incidents, problems, and requests for all existing computer hardware and software, output devices, mobile devices, and ERP applications  ? Member of FM Telecommunication team which services all HD Supply locations throughout the country  ? Configured and deployed Avaya & Cisco phone for HD Supply Southeast region Field Technician Deskside Support Analyst (Contractor) Atlanta Public Schools - Atlanta, GA August 2015 to May 2016 ? Provided hardware, software and network support for Atlanta Public Schools onsite of assigned schools (Dobbs, Humphries and Cleveland elementary)  ? Assisted with Minor troubleshooting of HP 5500 & Cisco Catalyst 2960 switches  ? Inventory, validate and report all technology items in schools and report any asset transfers to ensure ownership is properly captured  ? Provided support for IT projects & assisted with understand stand technology needs within the schools PC Workstation Technician (Synergy contractor) Kaiser Permanente - Atlanta, GA March 2015 to May 2015 Performed troubleshooting, parts replacement, system upgrades and computer deployments & basic repair for internal clients  ? Assisted asset management with tracking and retrieval of Kaiser assets  ? Reimaged multiple computers for Kaiser Permanente SE Region  ? Apart of GA Southeast region refresh team that upgraded all of Kaiser GA computers from Windows  XP to Windows 7 Desktop Support (Intern) Kaiser Permanente - Atlanta, GA July 2014 to January 2015 ? Provided assistance and solutions to hardware, software, and network issues  ? Build, reimage and configures PCs and laptops as well as load software  ? Configure and setup of iPhones and Blackberry phones using Airwatch  ? Assisted asset management with tracking and retrieval of Kaiser assets Education Bachelor's in Cybersecurity Kennesaw State University - Atlanta, GA January 2016 to Present Associate in Computer Information Systems Atlanta Metropolitan College - Atlanta, GA January 2012 to May 2014 Skills Linux, Windows 7, Vulnerability management (1 year), Information Security (3 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ January 2018 to January 2021 SSCP May 2019 to May 2022 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Platforms: Windows 7/10, Linux, Mac OS, Android, iOS  Tools: Microsoft Office Suite, Active Directory, MS Outlook, Lotus Notes, ServiceNow, TruStar (Threat  Intelligence Platform)