IT SECURITY ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">SECURITY</span> <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> IT SECURITY ANALYST - CREST CONSULTING GROUP Bethesda, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT SECURITY ANALYST CREST CONSULTING GROUP - Bethesda, MD 2012 to Present Assisting the CISO in evaluating the effectiveness of installed systems and services; and providing advice on and devising solutions to a wide range of IT issues.  • Provide day-to-day application security expertise for multiple operating platforms including developing and maintaining security procedures and implementing controls to mitigate Administrative, Physical and Technical risks.  • Advise agency security officers on security requirements and selecting of software tools to address password control, data encryption and analyze potential security problems. Assist the CISO in the design, development, and management of IT security systems that meet current and future business requirements.  • Responsible for all C&A Phases insuring all deliverables are met for exact due dates.  • Set up meetings and conference calls with all appropriate Points-Of-Contact including ISO, PM, and ISSO.  • Completed System Security Plan (SSP), Information Technology Contingency Plan (CP), Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP), Risk Assessment (RA), Rules of Behavior, Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Privacy Threshold Assessment (PTA), and Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M).  • Worked alongside the QA department to ensure all documents are concise and well written in order to meet ISO's standards.  • Provided explanation and applicability of information security requirements to employee and contractors  • Provided technical assistance to employees and contractors on usage and functionality questions related to the C&A document tracking and reporting solutions  • Worked with team leads and financial department in bidding on new contracts SECURITY ANALYST BOOZE ALLEN HAMILTON - Hamilton, WA 2010 to 2012 Lead in weekly POAM review board  • Provide guidance on the implementation of Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) review process to improve agency reporting and evaluation of the implemented security controls.  • Conducted weekly OCISO and Component validations for all system POA&M's  • Personally contacted all POC's to ensure proper POAM milestone updates  • Perform Continuous Monitoring on all systems  • Responsible for other duties as needed. Additional Information SKILLS    • Experienced Information Technology C & A Analyst, experienced in FISMA and NIST Compliance, excellent Project Management, System Security Management, Security Policies and Procedures skills.  • Possess effective communication skill to present my points precisely to listeners.  • Excellent inter personal skills.  • Highly adaptive, superior analytical and organizational skills as well as familiar with a wide variety of applications, databases, operating systems and network devices.  • Ability to Work with little or no supervision and possess exceptional time management skills.  • Worked in a diversified team and excelled as member and/or leader.  • Employ and deploy strong analytical and problem solving skills, with a great mind for details.  • Possess strong technical writing skills.  • Enthusiastic, detail oriented and organized professional with experience in System Security Administration.  • Ability to implement forward thinking strategies by providing progressive cost effective solutions.  • Over three years of experience in system compliance auditing and evaluation, C&A, IA and Risk Assessment of GSS (General Support Systems).