Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Network Security System Plus Annandale, VA Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Network Security System Plus December 2017 to March 2019 • Provide reports on security risks, misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, current and potential problem areas, and recommend risk mitigation strategies  • Monitored incoming and outcoming traffic that are going within the client network.  • Assisted in setting up IDS/IPS for clients.  • Provided hands-on fixes at desktop level, including installing and upgrading software, hardening, installing hardware.  • Review scan results to ensure accurate findings.   • Experience with security tools, including Tenable Nessus.  • Recommended appropriate mitigation activities to minimize downtime, mission impact and restore service.  • Shared reports concerning threats, vulnerabilities, and risks to stakeholders.  • Facilitated in security awareness training against Phishing campaigns.   • Perform research to identify potential vulnerabilities and threats to existing technologies.  • Communicated effectively with all levels of management and responds to changing technologies and business models on a daily level.  • Work with designated system owners to ensure systems are operated, maintained and disposed of in accordance with applicable governing policies, procedures, guidelines and directives Helpdesk Technician Fairfax County Public Schools April 2017 to November 2017 • Provide constant IT support to school staff and students for daily tasks and issues.  • Assist with regularly scheduled system maintenance for all school hardware as needed.  • Assume a primary role in the setup, rebuild, troubleshooting, and tracking of all school computers, laptops, telephones as needed.  • Act as a technical resource to assist users with resolving computer issues.  • Upgrade Laptops from Windows 7 to Windows 10.  • Analyzed, evaluated, and tested software and hardware problems.  • Install Office 365, assuring that it worked properly and configuring office as well.  • Update tickets using Remedy ticketing systems.   • Assist Teachers/Students with printing and resolving paper jams. Administrative IT Assistant South Home Health Care - Annandale, VA December 2015 to March 2017 • Assure that company policy aligns with those of the Department of Medical Assistance Services (DMAS).  • Obtained missing clinical information by interacting with clinical personnel, reviewing client medical information and systematic client and nurse follow-up.  • Ensure that potential clients are eligible for Medicaid based on the approval from social services.  • Updated company’s webpage and wrote quarterly company newsletter.  • Provide constant support to staff for daily tasks and issues.  • Act as a technical resource to assist staff with resolving computer issues.  • Provide initial troubleshooting of problems including root cause analysis for desktop, laptop and printers.  • Installed and maintained software and hardware packages on machines. Education B.S. in Cybersecurity & Networking Marymount University August 2016 to May 2018 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ Present CompTIA Cysa + February 2019 to February 2022