Security Officer <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer Clinton, MD To secure a position that will allow me to showcase my leadership ability, as it pertains to effective  communication, strategic planning, and knowledge management. Work Experience Security Officer Washington Redskins - Hyattsville, MD October 2013 to Present 16Hrs/Wk  • Monitor and control the CCTV security equipment.  • Create end of shift reports using Microsoft Word and submitting the reports using Microsoft Office.  • Complete extensive log reports during each shift documenting minor to major issues, observations, and noting the time of each.  • Assist in the security patrol of FedEx Field to ensure the inside and outside perimeter is secure.  • Check all bags and items brought into the stadium for weapons and contraband electronic scanning devices and physical contact.  • Assist in crowd control and employee escorts. Site Manager Nossaman LLP - Washington, DC May 2011 to Present Over the past four years, I have served as the site manager and assisted with the IT technical support analyst position for the Nossaman law firm. This law firm specializes in cutting edge issues that range from the building of public infrastructure, provision of healthcare services, and litigation regarding real estate, workplace protections and legislative changes. During this four year period, I have directed and assisted in the implementation a number of initiatives that have led to enhanced policies and procedures, technical stability, and productive services. In addition, I am highly motivated, proactive, knowledgeable, resourceful, and dedicated which allows me to effectively manage a staff of three or more in an intense, fast pace, and prestigious law firm.    • Hire, train, manage and evaluate all personnel assigned to site.  • Manage an office that includes 23 attorneys, 5 secretaries, and 3 DTI office staff members.  • Demonstrate proficiency in explaining all products, services, turnaround times, delivery schedules and guarantees to customers.  • Serve as the principal liaison between DTI, the client's administration, and DTI site employees.  • Create, develop, and review training materials for incoming employees.  • Conduct training for new employees.  • Conduct performance reviews of all DTI site personnel assigned to the site.  • Research, compile and collect all information necessary to develop and provide the client with monthly  management reports.  • Index and log documents and records using records software to prepare for off-site relocation.  • Assist with restructuring, editing, and preparation of various legal documents.  • Scanning confidential legal documents and letters regularly to be electronically stored in files and folders.  • Organize client correspondence, prepare mailings, and handle high call volumes.  • Submit court filings in a timely fashion.  • Maintain and foster productive working relationships between DTI and management within the Nossaman law firm through constant communication, coordination, and execution. IT Technical Support Analyst Nossaman LLP - Washington, DC May 2011 to February 2015 At Nossaman LLP, I routinely filled in during the absence or vacancies of the IT Technical Support Analyst position. I operated as the onsite local technician and assisted with hands on troubleshooting around the office. During this period, I programed, configured, and troubleshot mobile devices for attorneys and staff as well as guide the user in how to operate the devices. I also assisted in a major desktop imaging rollout that including the removal of approximately fifty older HP model desktops and the installation of new Lenovo desktops. I engaged in constant communication with our offsite network and systems engineers to assist with any local issues that needed direct attention.    • Operate as service point-of-contact for help-desk, helping to diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve technical  issues.  • Assisted in programming operating systems from 2000 to XP for 50 plus workstations.  • Provide daily technical support for e-mail, network, connectivity, telecommunications, and system  maintenance.  • Assist with audio/video set-up including Polycom and Lifesize equipment.  • Assist with IT helpdesk related issues and questions.  • Assist with the assembly, configuration, and imaging of desktops and CPU's.  • Assist with the installation and downloading of software.  • Assist with setting up IPhone's, Blackberry's, and other mobile devices.  • Assist with installation, operation and troubleshooting of multi-functional copying devices (MFD's) which  include Canon, and Ikon devices.  • Maintain proper IT inventory.  • Assist with the proper shipment of IT equipment to related offices. Education Management Studies/Cyber Security University of Maryland University College - College Park, MD Present Business Technology Certification Hagerstown Community College December 2005 Additional Information Technical Skills:  Operating Systems: Windows 2000/XP, Mac OS X  Software Applications: MS Office 2000/XP (Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, Outlook), Active Directory, Norton  Utilities, Adobe, Photoshop, Ipro. IPhone, Blackberry, ShoreTel, VoIP, Lifesize, Equitrac