IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Bunge Ballwin, MO Professional, detail-oriented System Security Analyst motivated to continuously learn and grow within the Security field of technology. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Bunge - Maryland Heights, MO March 2014 to Present • Assist with Software/Application evaluation to ensure policy adherence prior to implementation.  • Responsible for and assist in the creation of policy and procedure standards ensuring compliance with audit findings as well as global standards.  • Responsible for and assist in documenting all new and updated policies and publish to database.  • Manage accounts, safes, and platforms within CyberARK to ensure policy compliance.  • Responsible for partnership with Global and Infrastructure teams to ensure compliance throughout network.  • Responsible for communications with end users to spread awareness of security and potential threats to the environment.  • Responsible for continuing education; continuously staying up-to-date on the latest technologies and solutions applicable to company products. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Management and Information Systems Southern Illinois University of Edwardsville - Edwardsville, IL 2014 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: SGT September 2002 to March 2015 • Developed and led training programs in preparation for combat.  • Wrote office job descriptions and directives.  • Communicated urgent orders and directions effectively to team of 5+ personnel.  • Expert in tactical and technical guidance.  • Tracked personnel and supplies for unit.  • Maintained 100% accountability of all assigned equipment worth more than $1 million.  • Reported to direct manager and unit commander on numerous activities within the supply chain.  • Ordered and maintained inventory of supply parts worth more than $500,000.  • Worked closely with customers and suppliers to exchange parts and equipment. Commendations: Army Commendation Medals x 4  Army Achievement Medals x 2  Good Conduct Medals x 2 Additional Information Skills    • CyberARK  • Leadership  • Checkpoint  • Communication  • Policy and Procedure  • Active Directory Software Evaluation