IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer Miami, FL Work Experience IT Security Engineer Wolfe Technologies and Consulting - Miami, FL January 2014 to Present Hands-on experience with vulnerability scanning (Rapid 7), firewalls (Fortinet, Checkpoint), antivirus (Trend, McAfee, Cylance), IPS (McAfee, Fortigate), SIEMs (McAfee), monitoring tools (Solorwinds, Opsview), Network Access Control NAC (Juniper).    Configure various web security systems such as web applications firewalls (Akamai) and corresponding features: bot manager and DDoS prevention.    Develop and evaluate Request for Proposals (RFP).     Evaluate vendor proposals, develop risk mitigation plans, and coordinate vendor responses.    Provide effective communication to technical and non-technical personnel.    Acted as the single point of contact to the client executive management team.    Assist in developing strategies and implementation plans to improve and standardize all aspects of operations. Create and manage runbooks.    Ensure that operational processes stay within agreed upon budgets and timelines.    Implement, manage, and evaluate operation processes and procedures, in accordance with the standards and procedures set out by the organization. IT Security Analyst Wolfe Technologies and Consulting - Dallas, TX October 2013 to January 2014 Responsibilities  Administer and configure datacenter devices such as firewalls, routers, and switches. Example Fortinet web filtering, IDS/ IPS and Cisco routers and switches.    Utilized vulnerability scanning systems and tools. Example: Nexpose, Metasploit    Security Information & Event Management (SIEM) platform. Example: AccelOps, Opsview    Provide reoccurring reports for network and host-based security solutions.    Maintain and update relevant system and process documentation and develop ad-hoc reports as needed. Example: Threat reports and Security Analysis reports.    Analyze, troubleshoot, and investigate security-related, information systems’ anomalies based on security platform reporting, network traffic, log files, host-based and automated security alerts.    Accomplishments  I passed the Fortient security exams. The FCNSA and the FCNSP. I was able to be promoted shortly after my hire to a position of greater influence inside and outside the company. Education MBA University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX August 2013 BA in Economics University of Oklahoma August 2008 Skills CCNA, FCNSA, FCNSP Additional Information Cisco Technologies  Fortinet Technologies    Network Administration  Operations Management  Project Management  Operational Planning    Penetration Testing  Vulnerability Scanning  SIEM  NeXpose  Metasploit  Opsview  AccelOps