Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Fannie Mae Plano, TX • Around TWO years of experience as a Front- End Developer  • Experience in creating compelling front- end user interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 6, Node JS, jQuery, AJAX, JSON and Bootstrap.  • Good knowledge on SQL queries on databases like MySQL and Oracle.  • Expertise in using GIT (Code Version Control). Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Fannie Mae - Plano, TX October 2018 to Present • Involved in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle developing and designing user experience using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Node JS, Typescript and Angular.  • Collaborated with end users to get feedback on designs and do improvements to create intuitive, user friendly software.  • Implemented data binding using Event Binding and Property Binding methods and ngModel.  • Worked with Angular CLI to create Components, Services, Pips, Directives.  • Consumed RESTful web services in Angular 6 with http, observables using various operators like modify, filter, map for calling data from the backend.  • Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time and handled various exceptions based on the response.  • Created services with angular 6 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Implementing Angular 6 Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer performs application tasks.  • The portal is made responsive using CSS3, preprocessors like SASS, Bootstrap, and media queries, Flexbox to support desktop and tablets.  • Used Node JS on the server side to install necessary packages into the application.  • Wrote Unit Test cases for the individual Modules, Methods/Functions using Angular Karma framework.  • Used Jenkins for continuous integration and continuous deployment pipeline.  • Used Bitbucket as the code repository ad GIT for version control.  • Worked in Agile (scrum) development team to review User Stories, Wireframes, Mock-Ups and Content documents with business and technical teams. Involved in sprint / backlog grooming sessions and assigned story points based on the acceptance criteria and level of effort.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular JS, Angular 6, Node JS, Jenkins, JSON, Database, Java, Grunt, Gulp, Bootstrap, NPM, Karma, Jasmine, HPQC, JIRA, Rally and GIT. Developer Responsibilities AT&T - Bothell, WA June 2017 to July 2018 • Developed dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Angular JS.  • Used Angular JS to create maintainable and testable single page application and implemented 2-way data binding and used ng-directives across the applications.  • Used Angular JS with its effective MVC framework to implement it on various Single Page Applications (SPAs) using Directives, Modules, Controllers, Expressions, Dependency Injection, Routers, Views and Services.  • Extensively used Selectors in JQuery for updating content on DOM nodes.  • Used AJAX and JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website.  • Developed the application for responsive to different screen resolutions using Bootstrap and CSS3 Media queries.  • Worked heavily on CSS3 and LESS layout for DOM manipulation.  • Developed the Responsive design to make the portal compatible with Mobile/Tablets/PCs/MAC by defining media queries  • Made sure of cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Wrote stored procedures, views, cursors and triggers using MYSQL.  • Experience in developing test strategies for server side and client-side applications using Jasmine, and Karma.  • Involved in all phase of SDLC like requirement analysis, implementation and maintenance and have experience in Agile and Scrum.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browser.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Angular JS, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX, Jasmine, and Karma. Pixentia - Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh May 2014 to July 2015 • Involvement in all stages of Software development life cycle including Analysis, development, Implementation, testing and support.  • Involved in development of User Interface using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  • Extensive experience using Bootstrap for layout.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Created reusable templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines; Performed functional tasks using specifications and wireframes.  • Extensively used Debugging JavaScript using Chrome developer Toolbar, Firebug.  • Developed the UI with extensive use of JavaScript, JSON and Ajax.  • Strong development skills including RESTful Web Services and proficient in working with task runners GULP and GRUNT  • Coordinate with Interface Design Architects for meeting accessibility standards at code level.  • Participate in the team on agile development cycle.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Grunt, Gulp and Bootstrap. Education Master of Science in Information Assurance St. Cloud State University - Saint Cloud, MN 2015 to 2018 Skills AJAX (2 years), AngularJS (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (2 years), GIT (Less than 1 year), HTML5 (2 years), JavaScript (2 years), JQuery (2 years), JS on (2 years), SASS (Less than 1 year), UI, Angular (1 year), Front-End Additional Information SKILLS:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Angular 6, Node JS, LESS/SASS, GIT, Grunt, Gulp, Jasmine and Karma.