UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Augusta Hitech Soft Solutions Fremont, CA ? I am a Front- End Web Developer with 2+ years of Experience in building Web User Interface using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS.  ? Experience in Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS, created Multiple & Nested Views, Routing, Controllers, Services and Custom Directives  ? Experience in using source code control systems such as GIT.  ? Experience in creating test suites using Jasmine and Karma.  ? Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IE Developer Tools.  ? Self-starter always inclined to learn new technologies and Team Player with very good communication, organizational and interpersonal skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Augusta Hitech Soft Solutions January 2015 to Present Responsibilities  ? Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, JQUERY.  ? Designing the wireframes and translate design, style guides into functional user interfaces, ensuring cross browser compatibility and performance by following proper code standards.  ? Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  ? Implemented AngularJS as the development framework to build a Single-Page Application.  ? Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  ? Using advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Handled all the client side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY  ? Performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA.  Environment: HTML5, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, GIT, Jasmine, Karma. Front End Developer Analogics Tech India Ltd October 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities  ? Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  ? Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  ? Created images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Photoshop.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  ? Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages  ? Using advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Photoshop CS5. Education Master's in Computer Science Central Michigan University Skills AJAX (3 years), CSS (3 years), HTML (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years), jQuery (3 years), JSON (3 years), ANGULARJS (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Languages: JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX.  Front End: HTML, HTML5, XML, JSON, CSS, CSS3.  Frameworks: AngularJS.  Version Control System: SVN, GIT.  IDE & Tools: Eclipse, Web Storm, Sublime Text, Adobe Creative Suite.  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Chrome Developer toolbar, IE Developer Toolbar.