Job Seeker IT professional with 2 years and 10 month relevant experience in UI Development, I am having experience in HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, and Angular4.    Expertise in Angular 4.0    Technologies Exposure:    ? Framework: Angular4.0.  ? Web Technology: HTML, CSS, Materialize CSS, Bootstrap.    ? Programming Language: JavaScript.  ? Web Services: REST API, JSON  ? Version Controlling: GIT HUB, TFS Work Experience Wipro August 2018 to Present Front End Developer Nurture Software Solutions March 2016 to June 2018 from March 2016 to June 2018.    Project Details:  Wipro Project:  Project Name: Asset Management  Technology used: Angular 4, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, c#  Version Control: TFS  Duration: From Aug 2018 to till date.  Domain: Internal  Description: A module to design internal asset management for Wipro Employees, where they can track and manage their assets like desktop, laptop etc.This application is designed to allow employees to declare and undeclared the assets.    Role and Responsibility:  ? Working as a Front End Developer.  ? Conversion of asset management into angular4  ? Involved in reverse engineering and understanding of current functionality.  ? Client interaction and enhancement of the code according to the requirement    Nurture Software Solutions Projects:  Project Name: FINBOT  Technology used: Angular 4, JavaScript, AWS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap.  Duration: From Aug 2017 to till date.  Domain: Banking  Description: Finbot is an analytical engine that helps bank and other financial institutions. It gives the right information to the right people at right time for taking decision at right time. It is just like a report generation tool.    Role and Responsibility:  ? Working as software developer ( Front End Developer).  ? I am part of UI development team.  ? Doing coding in angular4 in sub modules of FinBot  ? Based on agile meeting assignment I work for all assigned task related to UI technologies    Project Name: ICICI Bank. UI Developer Nurture Software Solutions June 2016 to July 2017 Technology used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Finacle, FEBA, Java, jQuery.  Duration: JUNE2016- JUL2017  Domain: Banking  Description: This project is client's project (Infosys technologies). We are customizing this application and enhancing the feature of this product. It is government internet banking (GIB) based on internet banking.    Role and Responsibility:  ? Worked as a UI Developer.  ? Coding on UI Technologies like HTML, CSS, JQUERY, JavaScript.  ? Customize the existing application and enhance the functionality and test for desire output.  ? Interacting with client and work on requirement of client.  ? Attend Agile Scrum meeting. Education B.Tech Silicon Institute of technology Bhubaneswar ODISHA 2014