Java Developer/ Front end Developer Java <span class="hl">Developer</span>/ <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Developer/ Front end Developer - Vonage Mount Laurel, NJ Work Experience Java Developer/ Front end Developer Vonage - Holmdel, NJ June 2015 to Present Description: Updating the current Vonage web pages for Vonage products, integrated pricing Web Application used for pricing and creating orders for different telecom products (ATM, Frame Relay, IP VPN, VZ DIA, and HIPC). I System to create products with their requirement like the Bandwidth, Term Commitments, Available SWC Clli and PoP Clli, etc. iPrice validates all these details entered as input against the service availability in the existing legacy system.  Responsibilities  ? Involved in requirement, design and development phases of the application.  ? Worked with DBA for the creation of new tables and new fields in the database.  ? Developed Custom Tags, STLD to support custom User Interfaces.  ? Developed the application using Struts Framework that leverages classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture.  ? Worked with Production support and offshore team to delegate the tasks that needs to be accomplished on a regular basis.  ? Used Multithreading in programming to improve overall performance.  ? Created Restful Web service for updating customer data from sent from external systems.  ? Data was converted into JSON using JSP tags.  ? Developed the front end User Interface using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, JSON, jQuery, YUI.  ? Created new Action Classes corresponding to the new Action Forms created.  ? Implemented the DAO pattern to connect to the database and retrieve data.  ? DAO and the hibernate transactions was implemented using Hibernate framework.  ? Implemented the application using the concrete principles laid down by several design patterns such as MVC, Business Delegate, Data Access Object, and Singleton.  ? Developed integration services using SOA, Mule ESB, Web Services, SOAP, and WSDL.  ? Used Mule ESB as a integration platform that allows developers to connect applications together quickly and easily.  ? Involved Unit Testing, Interface Testing, System Testing and User Acceptance Testing of the work flow tool.  ? Designed and built HTML front end to SQLServer database to run as a portlet inside Plumtree.  ? Integrated Web Services in ESB Layer.  ? Deployed the applications on Jboss Application Server 5.X.  Environment: Java, J2EE, Struts, Oracle 10g, Mule ESB, JMS, EMS, Maven, MDB, DOM, Web service Consumer, SOAP UI, JBoss, Rationale Rose, Eclipse 3.1, Unix, Jboss Application Server 5.X, Hibernate, CVS. Java Developer/ front end developer State Farm - Dallas, TX February 2014 to May 2015 Project: Claim Management System    State Farm is a company that mainly provides insurance and financial service in United States. It covers auto, life insurance, and home property line of business.  The system is built to help insurance agents manage claim account of their customers. It enables the agents to review information of customers and build cases based on customers' claims once they log into the system. It can also facilitate collect and display advices as well as keep track of complaints from customers.    Responsibility:  ? Designed and developed various UI components using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSP, jQuery, AngularJS and Bootstrap.  ? Create Single Page Application using AngularJS Directives for case management module.  ? Involved in creating page layouts and navigation styles using HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used Bootstrap components of AngularUI such as Date picker, Collapse, Dropdown, Tabs for various web contents such as menu bar and search bar.  ? Used jQuery Validation plug-in to provide validation for forms across various modules.  ? Used AngularJS and jQuery for DOM manipulation and two-way binding.  ? Developed and optimized responsive web pages using Bootstrap grid layout.  ? Created charts that record amount of claims using D3.JS.  ? Worked on Angular HTTP to consume Restful Web Services and fetch customer information from JSON.  ? Involved in unit testing using Jasmine and Karma.  ? Tested and solved cross-browser compatibility issue using Modernizr.  ? Played in a team which followed Agile methodology and participated in daily stand-up meeting.  ? Used Git as version control tool.    Environment: JAVA 1.7/J2EE, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, D3.JS, JSP, XML, Hibernate, Restful, Spring MVC, Apache Tomcat, Maven, TDD, Git, Agile methodologies Java Developer/ Front end developer HDFC - Chennai, Tamil Nadu May 2011 to December 2012 Description  Project Title: Retail Banking and User Management Application  The project deals with online payments, user management, balance & transaction reporting. This project is responsible for handling Retail Banking and Payment Solutions. Application consists User Administration module deals with user rights, data access profiles and roles. Online Payment Processing module deals with the online payments such as corporate payments, FI transfers; Portal Balance & Transaction Reporting module is used for balance & transactions reporting.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in development of spread sheet module, which streamlines analysis, reporting and recording of accounting information.  ? Involved in the gathering and analysis of the specifications from the client  ? Developed UI using HTML, JavaScript, and JSP, and developed Business Logic and Interfacing components using Business Objects, XML, and JDBC.  ? Designed user-interface and checking validations using JavaScript.  ? Managed connectivity using JDBC for querying/inserting & data management including triggers and stored procedures.  ? Developed various EJBs for handling business logic and data manipulations from database.  ? Involved in design of JSP's and Servlets for navigation among the modules.  ? Followed the test driven development paradigm ensuring 100% test coverage and best practices like refactoring to improve the testability and maintenance of code.    Environment: Java, J2EE, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, , XML, JSP, JDBC, SQL, Servlets, JUnit, Eclipse Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    LANGUAGES/ TECHNOLOGY  JAVA, XML, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, jQuery, REST, JIRA, SOAP, AJAX, HTML5, Flex, DHTML, AngularJS, React JS, Redux, Node.js, Ext.js, D3.js, Bootstrap, PHP 5/4    UI Tools  Adobe Flash with Action Script 3.0, Adobe Photoshop CS6, Sublime Text (2, 3), MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, NetBeans, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Flex4.    Servers APACHE TOMCAT, IIS 6.0, Weblogic  Data Base MySQL 6.x/5.x/4.x, MongoDB, SQL Server, Oracle  Methodologies Agile, MVC (Model View Controller)  Content Management Joomla, Word Press  Operating Systems Windows 7/8x/10, GNU/Linux, Solaris  Others Apache, FTP, Office series, CVS, Adobe Photoshop, SVG, Adobe Illustrator, GIT.