Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Deloitte Hermitage, TN • I have 6 Years of Extensive IT experience which includes the experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications  • A professional experience in the software development life cycle phases including analysis of requirements, Applications design, Development, integration, Installation, maintenance, implementation and testing of various client/server, N-tier and web applications.  • Good experience using HTML 4.0/5.0, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, React JS, Angular JS, Ajax and JSON.  • Experienced on CSS Background, CSS Margins, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Alignments, CSS Padding, CSS Tables, and CSS Behaviors.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, CSS Box Model and CSS3 Media queries.  • Used the concepts of Pseudo classes, layouts, positioning, text, border, transforms and padding in the various projects  • Experience working with CSS pre-compilers like LESS and SASS.  • Experience working with Responsive Web design. Creating the responsive Web Pages and designing crossing browser compatibility for mainstream browsers and portable devices (mobile, tablet, laptop) by Bootstrap.  • Excellent skills in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS  • Experience working with JavaScript MVC frameworks AngularJS. also, Checkout product based on Backbone, MVC and Mobile modular design.  • Good Experience in to build User Interactive Web pages by using web technologies React/Redux, redux-saga.  • Familiar in SOAP and RESTful Web Services.  • Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.  • Worked on web applications that required cross browser compatibilities like Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Opera.  • Good Experience working in Agile and Waterfall (SDLC Methodologies) environments.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the ongoing project status and issues.  • Strong experienced in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.  • Experience in Version Control tools including GIT and SVN.  • Having Strong written and oral communication skills.  • Capable performing in a fast paced, result driven atmosphere & self-motivated team player with excellent interpersonal and communicational skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Deloitte - Nashville, TN February 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Working on Deloitte internal communication web application.  • Interacting with business system analysts to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built by the acceptance criteria.  • Developed single page application using Angular 2, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, and Bootstrap.  • Built the Responsive Web pages using Bootstrap and Media queries. That could serve the different kind of devices like mobile, tablets and desktops etc.  • CSS reusable purpose used the LESS as pre-processors which extends the properties of CSS.  • Developed CSS3 to style page layouts, navigation, and load-spinner.  • Using Npm front- end package manager to install and handle all the packages.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular2.  • Collaborating with the front- end design team and back end team and started converting the static files with the dynamic content with the data retrieve from the API's.  • Worked with the webpack as a build tool to build the application.  • Used the Jasmine unit test framework to test the angular Js components and Karma used as a test runner.  • Co-ordinated with the QA team for testing the latest release of the application and bug fixing.  • Git or Source Tree is used as version control.  • I involved in daily scrum calls with the team for the updates. We are having Every three-weeks sprint planning. Participating the sprint retrospectives.  • For the bug tracking we're used the VSTS and JIRA.  • Maintained the code base by frequent updates to the code repositories using VSTS.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, TypeScript, Angular 2, JSON, Bootstrap, LESS, Npm, VS Code, Visual Studio 2017, Git, VSTS, Salesforce, Jasmine, Karma, Webpack, ES6, Agile Methodology UI Developer VISA Inc - Bellevue, WA August 2017 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  • I worked on the Authorize.net, Merchant Interface Refresh Web portal.  • Involving in requirement gathering, designing, development, UI reviews, and maintenance.  • Create Minimum Viable product in close collaborating with the CYBS UI team  • Developed the User Interactive Web pages in professional manner by using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, and Javascript, JSON, React/Redux, redux-saga as per the company standards.  • Extensively used SASS as pre-processors which extends the properties of CSS.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Created and Used Reducers That received said actions to modify the Store State.  • Maintaining the State in the store and dispatch an action using Redux  • Developed the Re-Usable React Components. Like Text Fields, Buttons etc.  • Created React Components, using Redux for unidirectional Data flow.  • Working with ES6 Features. For the build of JSX, and Webpack.  • I was worked on Responsive web design and developed the Responsive Webpages That could be Served to Desktop, Tablets as well as mobile users.  • Used the Middleware, Redux-saga, Redux-promise in application to retrieve the data from the external API's and perform the RESTful Services.  • Used the Npm and Yarn package managers.  • Handle and Resolve the Cross-Browser compatibility issues In Mozella, IE 9, 10, 11, safari, Firefox, and Chrome  • Used Rally for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Git or Source Tree is used as version control for push the code to the repo.  • I involved in daily scrum meetings with the team for the updates. We are having Every two-week sprint planning.  • Extensively used TFS and AccuRev for peer code reviews and check ins.  • Maintained the code base by frequent updates to the code repositories using TFS and Bit bucket.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS, Redux, Redux-Saga, JSON, Bootstrap, SASS, Npm, Yarn, VS Code, Git, TFS, Bit Bucket, Webpack, ES6, Agile Methodology Front end Developer Office Depot - Tampa, FL September 2016 to June 2017 Responsibilities:  • Worked on complete Agile Scrum methodology and User Interface web development in accordance with requirement.  • Designed and developed web pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS, and jQuery, Angularjs.  • Worked with business system analysts & Backend team to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Maintaining the dynamic and secure websites and web-based applications, including widgets, and templates.  • Built the Responsive Web pages using Bootstrap and Media queries to support various kinds of devices.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5 and CSS3.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements etc.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap, and CSS layouts.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework, AngularJS, Wire-framing, HTML5.  • Developed various customized views and templates using Handlebars, JavaScript, HTML.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using Angularjs.  • Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS Framework.  • Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using Angular JS Framework.  • Angular JS created Custom directives for data manipulations.  • Created Angular JS controllers, factories, filters, Routers, and services.  • Designed various routing mechanisms and Implemented $http functionality in AngularJS in order to retrieve data from web servers.  • Used Jasmine to test Angular.js controller by built test cases.  • Using Npm and bower front- end package manager to install and handle all the packages.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery Drag and Drop, Auto Complete, JSON, Angular JS, JavaScript, Bootstrap.  • Developed user interface using Node JS and developed client-side interface using React JS.  • Implemented functionalities on native iOS and android.  • Built an app it is like POC, and operated in Android and iOS systems at same time via using javascript and React, and Redux flux design pattern.  • Made UI elements behave natively by communicating between native elements and React Native.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing React JS, created HTML navigation menu that is role-based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML  • Experience with Jasmine and Karma Unit test.  • Used special syntax called JSX to mix HTML with Java Script with the help of React JS.  • Structured the JavaScript code using AngularJS.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Involved in writing Java API for Amazon Lambda to manage some of the AWS services.  • Resolved cross browser compatibilities Issues for different versions of IE, Safari, Chrome, Firefox, and Opera.  • Involved in Agile work flow. Every two weeks Sprint and Daily standup meetings to discuss the development of application to deliver in time.  • Used GIT version control for project development  • Maintained the code base by frequent updates to the code repository using TFS.  Environment: XHTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, Eclipse, Agile Methodology UI Developer Southwest Airlines - Dallas, TX July 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed web pages by using HTML, CSS and JQuery, AngularJS.  • Developing the code for Enhancement CR using Angular JS, HTML5, CSS and Twitter Bootstrap  • Used advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS, and CSS layouts.  • Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using Angular JS Framework.  • Web application development for backend system using Angular JS and Node.js with Cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • Designing templates based on the requirements using CSS, JavaScript, and SASS.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery.  • Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using Angular JS Framework.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) Design Pattern using Angular JS.  • Used Node.js as the package manager for development workflow dependent plugins.  • Used Angular JS controllers to update entity models and Tasks database  • Created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format.  • Understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  • Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • RESTful web services interface to Java-based runtime engine and accounts.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application  • Tested the application using the Karma.  • Ran the Standalone front- end application in Grunt Server task runner.  • Integrated with backend code for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Used GIT version control for the Development.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON, Sublime. Web Developer Experian - Los Angeles, CA January 2015 to June 2015 Responsibilities:  • Good experience in worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Wrote application level code to perform client-side validation using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS.  • Responsible for validation of Client interface JSP pages using Struts form validations.  • Used Spring Dependency Injection properties to provide loose-coupling between layers.  • Implemented the Web Service client for the login authentication, credit reports and applicant information using Apache Axis 2 Web Service.  • Used Web services (SOAP) for transmission of large blocks of JSON data over HTTP.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using AngularJS for front- end development of a current web application.  • Wrote jQuery function while implementing various UI screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using AngularJS directives.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Designed and developed web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  • Interacted with java controllers jQuery, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Used SVN version control.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX, JSON Front End Developer ABV Infotech Pvt, Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka September 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Used HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the front- end designing.  • Cleaned up and rewrote front end HTML and CSS to meet validation requirements.  • In addition to code development, maintained project documentation and assisted in application design.  • Used JavaScript, CSS, and HTML to create front- end screens of the module.  • Used JavaScript and jQuery for validating the input given to the user interface.  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.  • Interacting with the project leader, team leader, designing and developing web pages,  • Animations, still graphics, banners, greeting cards, logos etc.  • Worked closely with Program Engineers how the front end and back end mechanism works in order to develop an interface.  • Involved in documenting the details related to Changes occurring in the system, following the Quality processes.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery. Education Master's Skills CSS (4 years), HTML (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), AJAX (3 years), jQuery (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies: HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, CSS 3, AJAX, XML, JSON.  Framework: Bootstrap, Angular.js 1x and 2, Node.js, Redux, Redux-Saga  Libraries React JS, React Native, jQuery  IDE & Tools: IntelliJ IDEA, Dreamweaver, Eclipse2.x/3.x, Notepad++, Sublime text, VS code, Visual studio 2017.  web Server: Apache Tomcat 5.5/6.0, IIS  Data base SQL, PL/SQL  Version Control: SVN, Git  Operating Systems: Windows, UNIX, Mac