Front End Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer Front End Engineer - Future Two San Francisco, CA I'm a front end engineer with a passion for design. I thrive at the intersection of seamless user  interfaces and clean code. I'm experienced working on fastpaced engineering teams, as well as  managing my own freelance projects. I work mostly in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The future of CSS is a  big interest of mine. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Engineer Future Two - San Francisco, CA February 2016 to Present Front end engineer (contract) working in large advertising agency context (www.swirl.net).  Built interactive, richmedia, mobilefirst experience for major corporate brand featuring current NBA  star  Worked closely with designer and backend team to bring mockups to production on tight timeline  Full responsibility for frontend code and architecture using Javascript (Angular), HTML, CSS/Sass  Set up development environment and production file compilation using Git, Gulp  Collaborated with backend engineers to design API responses for front end.  Researched and implemented strategies for crossdevice compatibility for video and audio playback  (Android, iOS, desktop and crossbrowser).  Tested and ensured responsive layout across devices www.codeandcursor.com 2012 to Present for a more extended  look at my portfolio including freelance work. Front End Engineer Smarking, Inc - San Francisco, CA July 2015 to February 2016 www.smarking.net  Front end engineer on small, agile engineering team at early stage startup working with parking  industry data.  Designed UI, built, and maintained features in largescale data visualization application using  Angular, Node/Express, Jade, Sass, and Coffeescript.  Wrote tests for Angular code using Karma, Sinon, and Chai libraries.  Collaborated with back end engineers to design API responses for front end. Used AWS API  Gateways.  Was responsible for full design and code of interactive feature showing realtime and historical  municipal parking data on geographical map.  Ensured browserresponsiveness and style uniformity across app.  Participated in product planning with business and product teams. Created mockups using Sketch  that were used in outside presentations, and coded styles to match these mockups.  Designed and implemented responsive emails for weekly updates to clients.  Designed and built company website. Front End Developer Front Group Design - Oakland, CA January 2014 to June 2015 www.frontgroupdesign.com  Front end developer for Oaklandbased creative studio on a variety of projects including contentrich  media sites for businesses and nonprofits. Built custom WordPress themes and plugins using HTML,  CSS, PHP and Javascript. Most recent Front Group project can be seen at www.asuc.org. Web Developer Revolve Robotics - San Francisco, CA 2015 to 2015 San Francisco, CA  Revolve Robotics,  www.revolverobotics.com  Launched landing page and ecommerce platform for San Francisco startup. Integrated Stripe and  PayPal for payment. Designed ads and other assets for production including animated banner ads. Front End Developer www.kochtracker.com 2014 to August 2014 Front end developer on Angular application that tracked nationwide election spending. Displayed  geographical information using d3.js library. Coded responsive website to match provided PSD  wireframes.    Please visit Education B.A. in Media Studies Wesleyan University - Middletown, CT 2010 Additional Information SKILLS, (Less, Sass, PostCSS),  HTML CSS (Angular, JQuery, Node, Express, Coffeescript, ES6),  Javascript Data  (d3.js, AmCharts, Google APIs),  Visualization Bootstrap, Material Design, PHP (WordPress), Sketch,  Adobe CS, Gulp, Git, Jira.