Senior Front End Developer Senior <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front End Developer - ADP Corp West Windsor, NJ • 6+ years professional experience working asUI/Web developer, developing rapid, powerful, robust user interface applications for various employers related to Finance, E-commerce and Information Technology.  • Strong knowledge and experience ofHTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript.  • Experience in jQuery, AJAX, JSON and DOM manipulationskills for implementing web technologies.  • Expertise in developing responsive website for different browsers and devices using Bootstrap.Outstanding knowledge in compatibility issue soling for web pages or web-enabled applications using Media Query to customize CSS in order to offer the audiences a better visiting experience.  • Strong experience in CSS pre-processors styling such as SASS and LESS.  • Experience in MVC (Model-View-Controller) framework such asAngularJS.Knowledge in creating Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS,  • Familiar with Gulp task runner to manage project and Bower package manager to install libraries such as jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Good experience in consuming RESTful Web Services to implement AJAX call and updating dynamic functionality of HTML in JavaScript, jQuery and AngularJS.  • Solid proficiency with distributed version control tools such as SVN, GIT, Source Tree, branching and common deployment methods for collaborating on source code.  • Outstanding knowledge in debugging and troubleshooting existing code.Experience in coding and debugging application using debug tool, such as FireBug, IE Tester and Chrome inspector.  • Experience in manipulating IDE including WebStorm, Sublime, Netbeans, Notepad++, Visual Studio and Eclipse.  • Strong object oriented design principals and knowledge of design patterns. Experienced in multiple programming languages, like C/C++ and Java.  • Highly motivated web enthusiast to work in a fast-paced environment and learn new technology quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Front End Developer ADP Corp - Alpharetta, GA June 2014 to Present Project:Service Analysis System    The Service Analysis System(SAS) is a web application designed and implemented to help the users to check, manage or maintain existing services and view service history records or status such as client account overview and services records. By using SAS, users can also track the specific changing of the service or create and submit a report automatically.    Responsibilities:  ? Worked directly with business analysts to ascertain requirements and defined projects plan documents.  ? Used AngularJS framework created a well responsive single page website with HTML5, CSS3 andJavaScript.  ? Used plug-in such as Smart Table.  ? Used Bootstrap and media queries created a responsive website across different sizes of screen, from smart phone to laptop.  ? Designed UI using HTML, and validated with JavaScript for providing the user interface and communication between the client and server.  ? Worked on different web-browsers such as IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Safari. Focused on resolving numerous cross browser compatibility related to CSS and JavaScript.  ? Developed webpage using AJAXand AngularJSthat interact based on events.  ? Implemented MVC architecture by applying Angular JS framework.  ? Used version control tools Git and Sourcetree.  ? Implemented package management by using Bower.  ? Used W3C Validator to check the markup validity.  ? Used Chrome Inspector, FireBug, IE Tester and other debugging toolkit to track and fix bugs.  ? Involve in maintenance and support, including other existing applications.  ? Develop innovative internal solutions to proactively meet the needs of our clients, communicate with Project Managers, Software Engineers and other creative team members throughout the planning meeting.  ? Involved in the process Design, Development, Testing and Maintenance phases of the Software Development Life Cycle.  ? Performed in an Agile Scrum Environment and work instrumentally with the development manager to ensure delivery of solutions that meet or exceed business objectives.    Environment:  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Git, Gulp, Bower. Front End Web Developer Capital Phones, Inc September 2012 to March 2014 Capital Phones, Inc has been in the business of purchasing and selling used and refurbished telephone and data equipment in Maryland, DC and Northern Virginia since 1990. The Ticketing Management System is a part of the Revere System that is designated to provide detail information about cable maintenance. The Role of Ticketing Management System is to filter and display impacts of cable maintenance based on provided tickets or elements. The system takes multiple ticket numbers or element numbers as input. The server fetches the input and returns a list of detail impact items. The impacts are displayed, filtered, and manipulated at the client-side.    Responsibilities:  ? Worked closely with the client to clearly define project requirements and plans.  ? Involved in designing and creating a dynamic website model as a guide for the development team.  ? Created neat and user-friendly webpages using HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Created responsive webpages for different platforms by applying Bootstrap.  ? Developed maintainable CSS3 style sheet using Less.  ? Created Trouble Ticketing System interface using JavaScript.  ? Used Grunt as task runner for concating, compilation, testing and minification.  ? Optimized HTML and JavaScript code to reduce web page loading time.  ? Used JavaScript to parse JSON objects.  ? Conducted multiple times of testing using testing tools such as Chrome Inspector, Firefox Firebox, IE Tester and Jasmine.  ? Resolved Cross-Browser issues for Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari and Opera.  ? Collaborated with teammates and updated application versions using Git with GitHub.  ? Involved in website maintenance and support.    Environment:  HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Git, GitHub, Sublime, Grunt. UI Developer True & Associates March 2011 to June 2012 Project:Transaction Reporting System  True & Associatesprovide clients with cost-effective risk management solutions to minimize exposure to financial loss. The transaction reporting system (TRS) initiative focuses on automatically tracking various types of online activity including online activity of end users, and transaction status.    Responsibilities:    ? Involved in the requirements analysis, designing, development testing and maintenance of the website.  ? Developed website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  ? Created web page layouts using HTML and CSS.  ? Implemented RESTful Web Services for other applications to communicate back- end.  ? Updated the user interface design using CSS, JavaScript.  ? Performed client side validations over the drop down selectors using JavaScript.  ? Used AJAX to refresh only certain section of the page and reduce the load on the web server.  ? Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics.  ? Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in JavaScript, HTML and CSS.  ? Extensively tested the websites identified the bugs using Firebug and fixed them.  ? Took responsibility for code optimization and testing across other browsers.    Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Firebug, RESTful. Education Master of Science in Electrical Engineering New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ Skills HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, JQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, Git, Gulp, Bower. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, SASS/LESS  Framework Bootstrap, Angular JS  Developer Tools WebStorm, Sublime, Netbeans, Notepad++, Visual Studio, Dreamweaver  Package Manager Npm, Bower  Version Control Tools SVN, Git(GitHub)  Debugging Tools Chrome Inspector, W3C validator, IE Tester, FireBug  Operating System Windows, Mac OS, Linux  Platforms Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, Internet Explorer, iPhone, Android  Programming Languages C, C++, Java  Task Runner Gulp, Grunt