Full-Stack Developer Full-Stack <span class="hl">Developer</span> Full-Stack Developer • Around 3 years of professional experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirements Analysis and Debugging, Development, Integration, Maintenance, Testing of various client/server, N-tier, and web applications.  • Expertise in web and mobile/tablet UI development with experience in developing hybrid mobile applications using HTML5, JavaScript and other JS frameworks.  • Expertise in Client Scripting language and server-side scripting languages like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React, Node.js.  • Experienced in MEAN Stack development.  • Worked with JavaScript task runners to automate the development process. Used enhanced features of Grunt.js and Gulp.js to implement browser Sync, dev and prod bundle generation, dev server etc.  • Experience in creating user interface widgets using jQuery, Bootstrap, and AngularJS.  • Expertise in React JS  • Experience in the developing applications for different platforms like web browser, iOS, Android, and Chrome OS.  • Involved in web application development projects that required Responsive Web Design using flex box features of CSS3.  • Worked with AGILE Methodology in recent projects and participated in SCRUM meetings as well in previous projects.  • Expertise in debugging skills using Safari Web Inspector, Chrome Developers Tool, and Firebug.  • Experience in working with browsers compatibility issues with browsers like IE, Firefox, Safari, Opera, and Chrome.  • Strong expertise in the iterative Agile and Scrum development methodologies for software development.  • Experience with Jasmine, Mocha for Unit Testing.  • Strong knowledge in Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented Design (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Programming and its implementation.  • Good hands on Quality Control, JIRA, and ALM for tracking the tickets like accepting the tickets/defects, submitting the tickets, reviewing code, and closing the tickets etc.  • Excellent communication skills to discuss the projects with technical and non-technical SME's and during the sprint meetings for Agile as well as Scrum development methodology. Work Experience Full-Stack Developer Stericycle., Indiana September 2016 to July 2017 Stericycle has grown from a small start-up in medical waste management into a leader across a range of increasingly complex and highly regulated arenas, including compliance and sustainability waste services, brand protection solutions, and customer contact solutions. My role is to design, develop and implementation of complex multi-tier systems with Web front end using HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, Angular1.x, JSON technologies  Responsibilities:  • As a UI Developer, assisting my team in developing two different Web-based applications with Angular2 and React.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular2 Node.js and jQuery, making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  • Leveraged Angular2 resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs, and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Created custom Components and Directives for re-usable components.  • Created Angular2 Directives, Components, Pipes across the whole system, such as to build the custom filter.  • Highly used Angular2 Router to build single page application for navigate through the different status and multiple modals.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular2.0 framework.  • Created unit test cases of Angular2 components, services using Jasmine.  • Extensively used Angular CLI to create custom Components, Directives and to run Unit tests.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library. s  • Involved in creating custom components and library components for displaying data using React with Redux.  • Experience in working with React Router for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS for SPA development.  • Experienced in working with React life cycle methods and working with React States using Redux.  • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Used CSS Grid system for the layout of Application.  • Involved in writing procedures, complex queries using PL/SQL to extract data from database and to delete the data and to reload the data.  • Implementation of TDD Using Jasmine Testing.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, React, Node.js, Bootstrap, XML, Eclipse, GIT. Front End Developer Sony Electronics Inc - San Diego, CA May 2016 to August 2016 Sony Electronics Inc. A Multinational company with unlimited passion for technology, content and services, and relentless pursuit of innovation. The role is to work closely with the UX and design teams to translate designs into fully functional solutions through efficient, high quality code. The role even includes engage in the development of site functionality as required by the business.  Responsibilities:  • Built Rich Prototypes and Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS and Bootstrap with SQL database.  • Developed client-side validation code using JavaScript and JQUERY.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Implemented Middleware that handles secure REST API communication  • Coded pages with best Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  • Developed call back functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server.  • The tech stack is AngularJS, Express and innovative server-side technologies like Node.js, SQL (MEAN Stack).  • Implemented responsive web design and mobile friendly design using Ionic framework; fully utilized its JavaScript UI library, including navigation, modal, slide box, scroll, action sheet and more and AngularJS.  • Involved in creating AJAX calls using AngularJS to handle data operations including ordering and filtering.  • Performed a lot of DOM operations for loading and manipulating dynamic content on webpages.  • Developed new cross-browser accessible interfaces using Bootstrap, JavaScript, and AngularJS.  • Managed advanced techniques for single page business solutions and front- end MVC patterns.  • Worked with the business analysts and back- end developers to gather requirements, improve application functionality, and add new features.  • Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal, with technical and non-technical cross-functional teams  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, XML, AngularJS, Node.js, IntelliJ, SQL. Front End Web Developer Enrise Systems Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN April 2014 to July 2015 The primary focus of this role is on the successful coding, implementation, and deployment of new front-facing features and templates to the production platform, while working closely with-IT programmers the software application facilitated data entry for generating various Reports.  Responsibilities:  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, and HTML.  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery framework.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed Custom Tag Libraries for the use in web pages by using JSTL packages for the development of the Web Pages.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Worked extensively on Spring MVC framework to develop new internal web application.  • Enhanced and built reusable components across different modules using Custom directives and CSS classes.  • Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML & CSS, Bootstrap.  • Implemented and developed with Interwoven Team site and other Content Management Systems.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Integrated with back end code (PHP) for highly interactive AJAX based applications.  • Used REST HTTP protocol, links between resources, and data URIs.  • Maintained 24/7 high volume availability demands using open source tools such as Apache, PHP, and MySQL.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, ECLIPSE, SVN, Apache, PHP, and MySQL. Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering JNTU Master of Science in Computer Science Governors State University - Chicago, IL Skills AJAX (2 years), JAVASCRIPT (2 years), jQuery (2 years), JSON (2 years), XML (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, Angular1,2, React.js, Node.js.  Languages C, C++, Java, C#  IDE& Tools Eclipse IDE, Sublime, Visual Studio  Application Servers IIS, WebSphere, WebLogic  Debugging Tools Jasmine, Mocha, JIRA, Firebug, Bugzilla, IE Developer, Chrome Developer, Safari Developer  Databases SQL server, MySQL  Operating Systems Windows, MAC OS  Version Controls SVN, GIT