Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - Citi Arlington, TX • Self-motivated Master's Graduate in Computer Science with 3 years of work experience as a Front- End Developer with broad programming experience.  • Full life cycle experience, involved in requirement analysis, design, development, testing, deployment and support.  • Experience in API development.  • Trained in Manual & Automation Testing.  • Experience in working with Agile / Scrum Methodologies and TDD.  • Develop high quality, scalable, tested, reliable and secure applications using industry best practices  • Good Technical, Analytical, Communication, Learning and Interpersonal skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer Citi - Irving, TX November 2016 to Present Project: Citi Angular UI container  Project Description: Citibank online portal (CBOL) is a net banking application. It provides self-service functions to customers like account information, payments and transfers etc. Angular UI container project delivers reusability and help maintain coding standards.  Responsibilities:  • Created Angular 2 components with Citi standard and security guidelines for consumption by other scrum teams to start developing their application.  • Updated Wiki page which acts as developer guide for future developers using the Angular components. Participated in sprint planning meeting and Prioritizing the components to deliver.  • Provided integration support by fixing and upgrading components by taking inputs from Testers and scrum teams.  Skills: Angular 2, NodeJS, Typescript, Junit, JQuery, JSON, D3, Protractor, HTML5, CSS. Front- End Developer AT&T - Dallas, TX May 2016 to November 2016 Project: BizOps  Project Description: Internal application built from scratch by understanding business requirements of AT&T and its employee's. Developed in house REST API's to be used by other scrum teams for developing applications.  Responsibilities:  • Created user-friendly features to enhance user experience (UX). Made operations like ticket escalation, sending, log maintenance, reminders/Notifications/Alert messages. Helped reduce workload of employee and improve their efficiency by simplifying the existing system.  • Working on Bugs & Errors fixes in other deployed projects. Wrote test cases in Nightwatch testing framework to ensure quality.  • Used react libraries like react-bootstrap, react-axios, react-redux to make the website make less call to server.  Skills: Ember, ReactJS, NodeJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JUnit, JQuery, Java, JSON, SQL, Selenium. Web Developer BMI Limited May 2013 to July 2014 Website: http://www.aehbcs.com/index.html  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed an interactive Real-estate website for the AESC from scratch which was appreciated for catering to people with minimalist computer usage knowledge.  • Regular feedback from customer were taken to ensure it catered to the end user. Achieved customer satisfaction and meet deadlines.  • Analyze Software requirement specifications to create test plan and test cases for manual and automation testing using Selenium.  Skills: Angular JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Java, CSV, JSON, PHP, Selenium, FireBug, WordPress. Education Master of Science in Computer Science University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX May 2016 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science PES Institute of Technology April 2014 Skills HTML5 (2 years), jQuery (2 years), JSON (2 years), JAVA (1 year), JAVASCRIPT (1 year), TESTING (1 year), JUNIT (Less than 1 year), Front End, UI, React, Angular, Front-End Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/sureshvarun Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    • Development language: JAVA, basics in shell scripting (Linux), beginner (Python, C++, C#).  • UI Tech: ReactJS, Angular 2, Node.js, Bootstrap, JQuery, JavaScript, Typescript, XML, JSON, JUnit, XSD and HTML/CSS skills.  • Development Environment: Eclipse, Android studio, visual studio 2010/2012, MySQL.  • Networks: Cisco Packet Tracer, Wireshark, knowledge of network protocols (TCP, UDP, ICMP, AGP)  • Databases: RDBMS (MySQL), NOSQL (MongoDB).  • Servers: WebSphere, Apache Tomcat.  • Testing: Selenium IDE & webserver, Nightwatch, FireBug, Ant.  • Quality Control: GitHub, RTC, JIRA, iTrack, SourceTree.    PROJECTS    Research under prof Dr. Dimitrios Zikos  Web Platform for Knowledge Discovery of Data in Healthcare data and data analyze large data  • Project focused on e-health technologies for clinical and administrative decision making. Statistical data was produced using the mapper and reducer programs.  • Created an easy Web interface to perform CRUD and search operations on patient records sharing similar conditions and demographics with the patient of interest.  • Data migration keeping redundancy in check & enforcing normalization principles in order. Used Association rule mining for predictive analysis. Different number of mappers and reducers were used and time complexity was calculated.  Skills used: HTML5/CSS3, SQL, JSON, XML.  Code Repo: https://github.com/varunsuresh2293/KDD-in-Healthcare  https://github.com/varunsuresh2293/TaskManagerApp  https://github.com/varunsuresh2293/FlickrRocket.git    Packet capturing tool:  • Built an app identical to Cisco packet tracer, in Java from scratch. It was a 3-member Team, were I was a full stack developer for the project.  • Captured packets by creating raw sockets and parsing them as TCP, UDP, HTTP, ICMP & ARP with 100% accuracy.  • App was equipped to calculate throughput, Diameter of network, congestion window and plot graphs accordingly. These features helped us gain bonus points.  • It was implemented down to the Network Layer.  Code Repo: https://github.com/varunsuresh2293/Packet-Sniffer.git    REST API for DRUG information retrieval:  • Designed the schema & developed a REST-Full web service using Python (Flask-Micro framework) to import all the drug related information shared by federal agencies into mongo DB. Used as a middleware to interact with applications which utilize different technologies to communicate.  • Used No SQL for querying the database.  Skills: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MongoDB, NoSQL, Python, XML, CSV, JSON.  Code Repo: https://github.com/varunsuresh2293/Rest-Drug-Search.git