Java Full Stack developer Java Full Stack <span class="hl">developer</span> Java Full Stack developer - Comcast Boston, MA • Extensive experience in analysis, design, development, and implementation of Web-Based, Client/Server applications and Database applications.  • Extensive working experience with in Design, Development, and Implementation in the field of Web Applications development using HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, Bootstrap, AJAX, XML, JSON, Restful web services and Responsive web designing.  • Expertise in developing web pages using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and Angular JS with webpage cross browser compatibility and responsive web design and have knowledge on Server scripting language like Node JS.  • Expertise in developing and implementing Web applications using Java/J2EE Technologies including Core Java, JDBC, Hibernate, Spring, JSP, Servlets, Java Beans, EJB and JNDI.  • Proficient in using RDBMS concepts and worked with Oracle.  • Developed User Interface using JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS, Java Script, jQuery and Angular JS.  • Strong front- end UI development skills using scripting languages HTML/HTML, DHTML, CSS/CSS, JSP, JavaScript, React 16.8.6, XML and PHP.  • Worked extensively on technologies Spring, Web services, Tomcat, SOAP, XML, JMS, JNDI, JDBC and various Databases like Oracle, MySQL, and Microsoft SQL server during my tenure in Software Development.  • Strong experience in various development environments like Eclipse, NetBeans.  • Ability to understand the Java Wed technologies JSF/JSP, jQuery, React JS.  • Thorough understanding of Object-Oriented Methodology, UML and Design Patterns.  • Worked on front- end/presentation tier development using Struts Framework that includes JavaScript, Ajax, and CSS.  • Experience of the Maven in the development of the application.  • Hands-on experience in creating UI web applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript 2.0 and jQuery 3.x, AJAX, Bootstrap 4.x, Angular 2,3,4 and 5.  • Knowledge in the Jenkins and also the other JVM language.  • Worked on implementation of the version control software GitHub, CVS, VSS, SVN, and ClearCase.  • Experienced with JDBC API to call SQL Queries and Stored Procedures in the Database.  • Implement JBoss drools rules for comparing the data between Trading Systems and Accounting Systems  • Proficient in all phases of SDLC (analysis, design, development, testing, and deployment) and highly competent in gathering user requirements and converting them into software requirement specifications.  • Extensive knowledge in Agile, Waterfall and TDD Methodologies.  • Experienced in writing and implementing unit test cases using Junit, Easy mock and Mockito.  • Knowledge of the payments industry.  • Knowledge in the Mean Stack Development in the Project development  • Good at the programming and also with scripting languages. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Java Full Stack developer Comcast - Philadelphia, PA October 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in software development life cycle starting from requirements gathering and performing Object-Oriented Analysis.  • Developed User Interface using JSP, JSTL, HTML, CSS, Java Script, jQuery and Angular JS.  • Involved in developing various applications within Sam's ecosystem of applications like Inventory transformation, Payment Gateway and internal to external file transfers.  • Development of the new SOAP/Rest Based web services.  • Developed Single page application with using AngularJS with MVC Frame Work.  • Designed and developed the login portal using framework React along HTML, CSS.  • Developed a web application by using React as front- end, and using Web API to receive and pass data to backend.  • Integrate the services with Gul application.  • Take care of complete java multi-threading part in back end components.  • Built components with Angular TypeScript to implement view controller functionality helped with converting legacy AngularJS code to Angular 7  • Implemented a highly-scalable vertical and horizontal, performance efficient drools architecture.  • Collaborate effectively within a team and across teams with QA and worked on Single page application scenario for Angular 2.  • Implemented a highly-scalable vertical and horizontal, performance efficient Drools architecture.  • Implement JBoss drools rules for comparing the data between Trading Systems and Accounting Systems  • Using Spring support for JDBC for all CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.  • Develop the Spring AOP Programming to configure logging for the application.  • Develop Server-side components which include Spring controllers, Business Services, DAO, and persistence layer.  • Design and develop RESTFUL service interface using Spring 4 to the underlying customer event API for Payments, Registration, Services.  • Strong experience with MongoDB development and migration from SQL relational database to NoSQL.  • Prepared Unit test cases for testing the new functionality and supporting SIT and UAT till the rollout to production.  • Used RDMS queries for the database purpose.  • Knowledge in the Agency Management Systems/Incentive Management Systems.  • Used Apache camel to Web design.  • Customize SOAP Web Services using Spring SOAP API framework, sending JSON format data packets between front- end and middle-tier controller.  • Provide the system administrator level support of Application Using Shell Shelling  • Provide system management involving account monitoring Security, operating system Installation.  • Experienced in developing fully functional responsive modules using Scala with Akka, ArangoDB.  • Heads on experience Spring Boot, APM, Log Insight.  • Responds to issues and problems via ready brought forward and ensures they are resolved in time.  • Use Apache Maven builds tool to automate the build process and Jenkins CI for continuous integrations.  • Use the performance monitoring tool like Splunk and Dynatrace.  • Monitoring the application using the Splunk.  • Wrote SOAP schema for data transmission among services from legacy systems.  • Development of new cache services using Couchbase cache and Cassandra. Exposing new REST APIs for other systems.  • Design & development of new Java/J2EE middle tier components.  • Prepare Design Documents, conducted an impact analysis of requirements on the platform, participated in a business meeting.  • Utilized AWS Cloud Watch to monitor the performance environment instances for operational and performance metrics during load testing.  • Designed and developed the login portal using framework React along HTML, CSS.  • Developed a web application by using React as front- end and using Web API to receive and pass data to backend.  • Participation in tech review scrum meetings for recent ongoing installations/deployments.  • Followed Agile methodologies in the Software Development Life Cycle with a Test-Driven Development approach to build the application.  • Heads on the Java the application development.  • Implemented Spring and Hibernate frameworks along with Restful web services in developing the application.  • Developed User interface module HTML5, JavaScript, ReactJS, JSP and jQuery.  • Used Ajax and jQuery for creating dynamic web pages which interact frequently with the server.  • Used frameworks for generating animations in the user interface.  • Used Core, MVC, AOP, Boot and Security Spring modules for application development.  • Worked on Spring Core modules like IOC and dependency injection.  • Implemented RESTful web services by using JAX-RS and Jackson implementations to retrieve data from client-side.  • Used Microservices architecture with Spring Boot based services interacting through a combination of REST and Spring Boot.  • Done the database part in the MySQL with using the script.  • Used cloud services to deploy web design.  • Expertise in design and development of various web and enterprise applications using Type safe technologies like Scala, Akka, Play framework, Slick.  • Implemented AWS High-Availability using AWS Elastic Load Balancing (ELB), which performed a balance across instances in multiple Availability Zones.  • Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed to reach one or more AWS EC2 instances.  • Used Amazon IAM to maintain the user credentials and involved in creating custom IAM policies to various groups defined within the organization.  • Used GIT repository to commit and checkout code.  • Developed REST based Microservices using Spring Boot.  • Developed RESTful API's, which takes in an HTTP request and produces the HTTP response in JSON format using Microservices.  • Used various features from ReactJS like data binding, routing, custom filters, and directives to meet various customized requirements.  • Used HTTP services and resource in ReactJS to get and handle JSON data from the backend.  • Maintained cross-browser compatibility using libraries like jQuery and achieved responsiveness using Bootstrap CSS.  • Used the automated build tool like CI/CD integration.  • Providing support for System Integration Testing & User Acceptance Testing.  • Unit testing of the developed/modified application program using different test scenarios and test cases using Junit and Mockito.    Environment: Java, J2EE, HTML, JSP, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, AJAX, ReactJS, Spring, Hibernate, JPA, JMS, REST Webservices, JAX-RS, Jackson, Microservices, EC2, S3, ELB, Security Groups, IAM, RDS, Cloud Watch, PL-SQL, Oracle, Mockito, JUnit, Soap UI, GIT, Maven, Jenkins, Glassfish, JIRA. Front End Developer Fidelity Investment - Durham, NC January 2018 to September 2018 • Designed and developed the application with J2EE architecture, frameworks like Spring MVC and Spring Bean Factory.  • Developed the application based on MVC architecture and worked on latest version of object-oriented JavaScript frameworks like Angular.js, Node.JS, Backbone, Bootstrap, Ext JS, Knockout JS, React JS, Ember JS, Expres JS, and Dojo toolkit.  • Involved in Daily SCRUM meetings and weekly Spring Meetings and Replaced existed Angular JS code with Angular 4 code, which decreased number of lines of code for a web application which increased performance.  • Redesigned the code, introducing wicket framework to angular js / Spring MVC  • Created connections to database using Hibernate Session Factory, using Hibernate APIs to retrieve and store data to the database with Hibernate transaction control.  • Designed and developed UI screens using JSF, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Ajax, CSS3 and HTML5.  • Worked on designing the User Interface by coding in HTML5, AngularJS, Bootstrap to create the SPA (Single Page Application).  • Implemented Elastic Search services for big data searches, wrote complex queries and design/implemented clustered and multiple nodes.  • Used JIRA for issue tracking and assigning the tasks to developers.  • Handled Front end validations are written using JavaScript and worked on web based and client/server application using HTML5, DHTML, jQuery, Angular JS, Ember JS, Bootstrap, underscore JS, Node JS, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JSP, JDBC, XML, XSLT, Django, PHP.  • Developed application using new features of Java 1.8 Annotations, Generics, enhanced for loop and Enums. Also, Used Java 1.8 Method References feature to point to methods by their names and used functional Interfaces.  • Experience in using JSP and Servlets to create web interfaces and integrating apache tools like Kafka.  • Integrated SOAP services use for client authorization with the application restful services.  • Designed and developed RESTful service interface using Spring MVC to the underlying customer event API. Involved in building RESTful Web services using JAX-RSAPI.  • Used Bootstrap and AngularJS, React.js and Node.js in effective web design.  • Created custom Plugins, templates, and functions for Angular JS application.  • Extensively used various modules in Spring like AOP, DI, Bean Wiring, Spring Inheritance, Auto Wiring, Spring JDBC Templates and Spring Quartz Schedulers for Jobs.  • Involved in consuming RESTful services and processed JSON data to render on UI.  • Specially working with AJAX data consisting of JSON responses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer.  • Logging mechanisms are implemented using Log4j.  • Integrated SoapUI and JMeter Test cases into Maven. Monitored the error logs using Log4J.  • Used Stash code versioning system for code maintenance and used Log4j to generate logs used for maintenance and bug tracking.  • Integrated Spring DAO for data access using Hibernate to fetch data from database and avoid redundant database access statements.  • Developed Shared module with components that will be shared across the application such as Loader, ModalDialog, models, ErrorHandler.  • ActiveMQ to implement real time messaging system within the project.  • Involved in Creating and Consuming RESTful Services using Spring MVC, Spring Boot.  • Configured Web-Logic Application Server and participated in structured code reviews / walkthroughs. Support installation of application releases into production as directed.  • Used RESTClient and POSTMAN to test the rest-based services and used Junit and Mockito to test the middleware services.  • Used Spring Tool Suite (STS) for development of the application.  • Designed and developed Microservices business components using Spring Boot.  • Used Hibernate in the persistence layer and implemented DAO's to access data from database.    Environment: Web Services, Spring 4.x, Hibernate 4.x, HTML5, JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, OAuth, GWT, CSS3, Angular JS, SOAP UI, XML, WSDL, Java1.8, J2EE, Scala, Kafka, Adobe LiveCycle ES4, Micro Services, Mule ESB, JIRA processes, GIT, Design Patterns, PL/SQL, Junit, WebSphere MQ, Maven, Eclipse IDE, CVS and Oracle 11g Jr. Java Developer WebStrack - IN January 2014 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Participating in user requirement sessions to gather business requirements.  • Involved in Development, Integration, and Testing of application modules.  • Involved in the requirement gathering.  • Involvement React JS to develop the JavaScript.  • Mostly my part was server-side development.  • Mostly used J2EE for the web design of the web pages.  • Developed presentation layer using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, and CSS.  • Have developed stateless session enterprise java beans.  • Used CI/CD pattern in the frameworks.  • Gained solid knowledge and develop the project with SQL oracle alone with MySQL also.  • Done the database part in the MySQL with using the script.  • Object-oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.  • Experience collaborating with Senior Technical Staff.  • Implemented the project using IDE Eclipse.  • Implemented REST web service in Scala using Akka for CBPMAN log tracking application.  • Experience with the testing team members to gain knowledge in the testing side.  • Gained knowledge with SQL and NoSQL based solutions.  • Used to test software when the coding was done with the first part of the project.  • Gained knowledge in the APL alone with Java application development.  • Implemented the customer service-oriented attitude.  • Connect to the Foreign JMS Server to send the message to the request queue and get the response from the reply queue.  • Used Google Maps API (JavaScript Library) for map integration.  • Worked on JQuery, AJAX, JSON, and JSF for designing highly user interactive web pages.  • Implemented the integration with the back end system with web services using SOAP  • Involved in configuring hibernate to access the database and retrieve data from the database.  • Implemented logger for debugging and testing purposes using Log4j.  • Developed stored procedures and triggers with Oracle.  • Involved in the bug tracking and Unit Testing using JUnit framework.  • Developed ANT Scripts to do compilation, packaging, and deployment in an application server.  • Installed and configured Jenkins for continuous integration.  • Used automation testing got the project.  • Involved in peer to peer code reviews and cross-checked whether coding standards are being followed.  • Deliver project with quality-driven designs.    Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, JSF, Servlets, Hibernate, SQL, Springs, JQuery, JNDI, JMS, Oracle, JBOSS, ANT, XML, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Windows, WebLogic, Eclipse, Jenkins, Log4j, Google Maps API. Education MS in Computer Science in Computer Science University of Massachusetts - Boston, MA Skills Eclipse, J2ee, Java, Hibernate, Spring, Jax, Jax-ws, Jboss, Jms, jquery, Jsf, Jsp, Servlets, Struts, C++, Gradle, Javascript, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Svn, Java J2Ee, MVC, JEE, Rest, Angularjs Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages Java 8, J2EE, C++, PL/SQL, Spring 3.2/4.0, Hibernate 4.0, UNIX Shell  J2EE Frameworks Spring MVC, Struts, JSF  Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, JSP, Apache Tapestry, Servlets, jQuery, React JS, NodeJS.  Web Services/ Testing REST (JAX-RS) and SOAP Web Services (JAX-WS), AWS, Junit 3.8 and 4.10, Slf4j-log4j, Drools, JMeter  Familiar IDE NetBeans, Eclipse, SQL Developer  Databases Oracle 10g/11g, MySQL, DB2 9.7, MongoDB  Repositories GitHub, Bitbucket, SVN, CVS  WEB/Application Servers Oracle WebLogic 10c, 11g and 12c, IBM WebSphere 8.0.8.5, Tomcat 6.0 and 7.0 and JBoss  Build Tool/ Servers Ant, Maven 3.0 and above, Gradle, Jenkins  Messaging JMS, Kafka and Apache ActiveMQ  JavaScript libraries jQuery, Angular JS, Backbone JS, React JS, Node JS Ext JS, Bootstrap.