UI/ Front End Developer UI/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI/ Front End Developer - Commerce Bank of Arizona Los Angeles, CA • Highly motivated and professional with having 3 years of software information technologies experience in software development, debugging, testing of Internet, Intranet, Mobile and Web-based User Interface applications.  • Strong experience in building RWD/Web apps using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular, AJAX, JSON & Bootstrap.  • Experience in Responsive Web Design using Bootstrap CSS frameworks and Media Query.  • In-depth knowledge of front- end Single Page Application ( SPA) development using AngularJs, Angular 2, Angular4 javascript frameworks.  • Experience in working with Angular 4 modules, services, templates, directives, and Routing and dependency injection.  • Proficient in developing using Angular JS Forms, Events, Validations, Modules, Factory Services, DOM, Expressions, Directives, Controllers, filters.  • Experience in working different changed procedures of Angular JS to Angular2 such as, @Route, Router Outlet, router-link etc.  • Expertise in DOM manipulation using HTML5 and CSS3. Strong experience in using W2UI and JSSOR.  • Extensive experience in complex & dynamic presentation layers using HTML, CSS, client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Experience of working on CSS Pre-processors like LESS and SASS.  • Experience in Developing User Interface Rich Web Applications using Front End/User Interface technologies like HTML5, XML, JavaScript, JSON, Bootstrap3, Bootstrap4 Ajax, Chrome- Developer Tools, Mozilla-Firebug, Batarang & Internet Explorer- Developer Toolbar.  • Extensive experience in handling Internet Information Server (IIS)  • Version Control experience in Team Foundation Server-TFS and GIT/BITBUCKET.  • Experience in Agile Methodologies, Sprint planning, Daily Scrum meetings, TFS/JIRA Task Board.  • Experienced in using various IDEs like Visual Code, Edit Plus, and Microsoft Visual Studio.  • Experience in implementing routing, controllers, components, services and directives on the User Interface development.  • Experience working with Design Patterns such as Singleton, Factory and Dependency Injection (DI) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI/ Front End Developer Commerce Bank of Arizona - Tucson, AZ January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Implemented Agile Methodologies SCRUM a light weight framework, UI SDE for managing and controlling iterative and incremental projects.  • Involved in web designing using HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and extensively used Table-less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Heavily used HTML5, Bootstrap and CSS3 to make the overall site responsive and less complicated for the end customers who use the website heavily on a day-to-day basis.  • Developed and designed web pages using with HTML5, CSS3, Angular 4, Node.JS and jQuery based on the w3 standards.  • Implemented functionality using Angular 4, Typescript and ES6.  • Used Angular 4 routing features to make the component independent.  • Implemented Angular 4 services to communicate with Express.js on the server-side in-order to perform CRUD operations on database.  • Used Angular 4 Life Cycle Hooks throughout the application for components.  • Created different single page applications using Angular for users, sponsors, reviewer, and publisher.  • Effectively used CSS3 features and created multiple columns, borders, backgrounds and used SASS to maintain the code with snippets and the available libraries.  • Used NPM (Node Package Manager) and Browserify for dependency and version management of NodeJS packages for the application.  • Used @Input and @Output for passing data and triggering events across different components.  • Have used AJAX to retrieve data from server synchronously in the background without interfering with the display and existing page in an interactive way.  • Created HTML5 navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Developed different jQuery Component in MVC micro architecture Frame work which internally use various design patterns such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.  Environment: Java, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NPM, Typescript, Angular 4, AJAX, Adobe Flash, Photoshop, Windows. UI Developer Molina Healthcare - Long Beach, CA June 2016 to December 2018 Responsibilities:  • Designed multiple views using HTML 5, CSS3, Bootstrap.  • Converted PSD image files into HTML templates.  • Used CSS3 and Bootstrap for styling the HTML5 elements.  • Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and icons.  • Created images using photoshop.  • Worked on Angular 2.0 modules, components, dependency injection etc.  • Used Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chorme/IE Developer Toolbar for debugging/browser compatibility.  • Daily stand-up SCRUM meetings with the team, Used JIRA for Stories/Bugs/Create Tasks/sub tasks.  • Used Bootsrap for UI layout for web and mobile. Used w2ui for displaying Grid.  • Imeplented the Bootstrap Navigation.  • Created Template Driven Forms and Reactive Forms in Angular 2.  • Implemented Services to share logic across different components in Angular 2.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Created 10+ Views to provide a Single Page Application [SPA] functionalities to the application.  • Created popup forms using Bootstrap Models.  • Create custom, self-contained, reusable, and testable controllers, directives and services to implement key functionalities in the system.  • Created MongoDB database schema design, store JSON format data, and retrieve data from database using Mongoose drivers.  • Using tools like GIT for version controlling, chrome developer tools for Debugging and Jenkins for deploying the code to different environments.  • Developed event-based Node JS to perform AJAX operations on the server side.  • Created RESTful APIs using ExpressJs and NodeJs.  • Utilized $broadcast, $emit and $on and $rootscope to pass data between the controllers.  • Utilized ng-modules such as ui-grid, ui-route, and ngsanitize.  • Developed custom-form validation using built-in angular form properties such as $valid, $invalid, and $dirty.  Environment: Angular 2, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Express JS, Node JS, Mongo DB, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, Dreamweaver, GIT, JavaScript, Windows. Education Master's Skills AJAX (3 years), BOOTSTRAP (3 years), DATABASE (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Operating System Windows, Linux, UNIX  SDLC methodologies Waterfall, Agile/Scrum  Web Development Technologies HTML/HTML5, DHTML/XHTML, XML, XSLT, CSS3/CSS4, JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX  UI Frameworks Angular.js, Angular2, Angular4, React.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, Responsive Web Design (RWD), JQuery, JQuery UI  Web Services Soap, Rest/Restful  CSS Co-Processors LESS, SASS, Stylus  IDE/HTML Editors Sublime Text, Notepad++, Eclipse, Net Beans  Testing/Debugging/Bug Tracking Tools Firebug, Google Chrome Web Debugger, JIRA, BugZilla  Database Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL, PL/SQL (oracle), MongoDB, Redis, PostgreSQL  Version Control Tools SVN, Git, GitHub  Build and CI Tools Maven, Jenkins,