UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Capital One New Jersey National Guard Sea Girt Unit, NJ • Interactive/UI Developer with 6 years of extensive professional experience in transforming the Functional document into technical document, Software Design, Development, Implementation, Testing, and Documentation of Web Applications using latest web technologies.  • Extensive programming experience in developing Web based applications and Client-Server technologies using HTML4/5, CSS2/3 (LESS/SASS), Bootstrap, JavaScript, AngularJS 1x,2&4 and jQuery, ReactJS, NodeJS, AJAX, JSON, XML, DOM and XHTML/DHTML, JSP, Servlets.  • Hands-on experience with CSS LESS/SASS Pre-Processor.  • Experience in building Single Page Application (SPA) using Model View Controller (MVC) framework such as AngularJS 1x,2&4 also for mobile applications, web API and browser clients.  • Experienced in designing Frontend with in object-oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.js.  • Strong experience in AngularJS for building apps and declarative templates with data-binding, created some custom directives in the application.  • Developed single page applications using Angular2/4, Typescript and web pack.  • Experience with Angular2/4 components, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading etc.  • Extensive knowledge in ReactJS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Hands-on experience in using ReactJS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Well versed with the implementation of Ajax in any web pages.  • Expert in Restful services consuming using Get, Post, Delete, Put methods While accessing external API And Experience using AJAX calls to create interactive web applications.  • Have used JSON for retrieving data.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions and well versed W3C standards.  • Good knowledge on Wireframes, Sketches, Prototypes.  • Proficient in testing/building tools like Mocha, Jasmine, Karma and Jenkins, also on testing code coverage by using tools like Sonar.  • Experienced in creating the Integration Test cases using Casper's, which is a wrapper on PhantomJS.  • Experience with NPM Grunt, Gulp and Bower modules of NodeJS.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking.  • Expertise in Software Configuration Management using Version Control Software such as SVN and GIT.  • Knowledge in developing Web Applications with various Open Source frameworks like: Struts Framework 1.3, Spring Framework and Spring MVC.  • Extensive experience working in both AGILE/SCRUM and SDLC based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions that includes Analyzing, Designing and Coding.  • Worked on IDEs like Eclipse, Visual studio, Notepad++, IntelliJ, Sublime Text 3, ATOM, Net Beans, WebStorm and Brackets.  • Strong skills in Relational Databases like Oracle, MySQL and MongoDB.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.  • Having good knowledge in designing and developing the Java/J2EE Service projects from the scratch level to deploying them in to the production environments. Work Experience UI Developer Capital One - Rolling Meadows, IL November 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Involved in Agile development with daily standups, bi-weekly sprints, sprint planning and retrospective sessions.  • Designed and Developed New User Interactive Web pages with the help of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Bootstrap, JSON and Angular 2.  • Created Single Page Application(SPA) with loading multiple views using route services and adding more users experience to make it more dynamic by using Angular2 framework.  • Utilized Angular2 framework to bind HTML template (views) to JavaScript object (models).  • Experience working on Structural directives and Attribute directives in Angular2 using TypeScript.  • Worked with Angular2 routes, services, directives and components to set up the test flow.  • Used Typescript as compiler to transfile typescript code into JavaScript and used Typing's to manage Typescript definition.  • Developed a component that varies content based on the user's navigation by using router-outlet directive in Angular2.0.  • Involved in integrating the UI with back end Services.  • Implemented inheritance properties using SASS for creating responsive style sheets.  • Coordinated with Interface Design Architects for meeting accessibility standards at code level.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Profound knowledge in working with Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Performing unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA.  • Very good implementations and aware of programming practices in NodeJS.  • Used NPM to manage the package and Webpack as bundler.  • Used firebug, IE developer toolbar and chrome canary tool for debugging java script and fixing issues.  • Involved in configuring the GIT repository and maintain the version control using GIT.  • Used JIRA for bug tracking and issue tracking as part of project management.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, SASS, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular 2, Node JS, JSON, Responsive Web Design MVC, Agile, Firebug, IntelliJ IDEA, JIRA, GIT, Bootstrap, AJAX, RESTful Services and Windows. Senior Frontend Engineer UHG - San Diego, CA October 2017 to November 2018 Responsibilities:  • Implemented user interface by using the ReactJS, Redux for SPA development.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefine components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  • Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Involved in building stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Involved in responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.js.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable.  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Used NodeJS to run Web pack tasks and build properly the project.  • Implemented modules into Node JS to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Added dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Optimized animation logic with optimistic functions to increase performance in rendering.  • Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  • Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the GitHub API through keywords.  • Used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Extensively used debugging tools such as Firebug and IE Dev tools to investigate the issues and fix the bugs.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  • Interacted with Customers and development teams for Fix the Issues.  • Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, ES6, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, jQuery, React JS, Redux, Flux, Git, and Jenkins. UI Developer Mattel - Middleton, WI May 2017 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed cross-browser compatible website using HTML4/5, CSS3, DOM, JavaScript, AngularJS, JSON, jQuery, AJAX and Bootstrap.  • Involved in writing application level code to perform client-side presentation and data validation within forms using HTML, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Wrote JavaScript functions to build custom scrollable menus, Alerts, Pop-ups, Events.  • Created mockups and wireframes for new website layouts.  • Developed criteria based bootstrap grid data display with nested table format and implemented paging, sorting, grouping using AngularJS.  • Involved in developing the custom and reusable AngularJS directives to be reused across different modules in the application, controllers, services, Filters for filter functionality in search box and integrator functionalities and Routing to build the Application.  • Involved in creating a single page hybrid web application using express.js.  • Implemented Date Time Picker using jQuery and HTML5.  • Used Bootstrap responsive CSS to adjust to phones, tablets and desktops and components such as breadcrumbs, nav bar, pagination and modal services.  • Developed database connection and SQL Queries to create dynamic content on web pages.  • Application backend implemented as node.js express application server.  • Implemented Presentation layer using CSS Framework Bootstrap, Wire-framing and HTML5.  • Used jQuery core library functions and widgets for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Used web services to load the data using AJAX to call the data that returns from the post web service calls.    Environment: AngularJS, NodeJS, Ajax, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, SQL, Bootstrap. Front End Developer IGT INDIA PVT LTD - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2013 to April 2016 Responsibilities:  • Worked directly with business analysts to ascertain requirements and defined projects plan documents.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible webpage using web design techniques CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Worked on both mobile's responsive web design and desktop pages.  • Created database tables and manipulated data using MySQL.  • Used JSON to store and access the data in a search pages.  • Developed modules to retrieve data using AJAX calls through jQuery method.  • Applied XML into transferring administration data to the back end.  • Validated the user input using jQuery validation plugin.  • Implemented a lightweight customizable jQuery plugin for styled appearance.  • Resolved Cross Browser Compatible Issues for different version of IE, Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Opera.  • Tested and debugged code using IE tester, Chrome Inspector, Firebug, Safari Web Inspector.  • Used Tortoise SVN as version control application to maintain the update.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Maintained page layouts, navigation, presented designs and concepts to the clients and the managements to review.  • Cooperated with team members to conduct user research with strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, MySQL, SVN, Photoshop, XML. Skills Visual studio, C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Ecmascript 6, Reactjs, Typescript, Json, Svn, Xml, Eclipse, J2ee, Java, jquery, Angularjs, Html5, Ajax, Css, Tomcat Additional Information Technical Skills:  UI Web Technologies  HTML/HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS 1x,2&4, ReactJS, NodeJS, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, DOM, ECMAScript 6, Typescript and java.    Version Control Tools GIT, SVN, Bit Bucket  Databases Oracle 10g, MySQL, MongoDB  Operating Systems Windows 10/7/XP(sp2)/98, UNIX  Web/App Server Apache Tomcat, WebLogic  Testing & Debugging Tools JIRA, Firebug, Google Chrome Web Debugger, IE developer Tools, Jasmine, Karma.  Workflow Tool kit Grunt, Gulp.  IDE's Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Sublime Text Editor, Atom, Visual Studio, web storm  Languages Java/J2EE, C, C++