Front- End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer | Logically minded, creatively driven Austin, TX Web Developer with a diverse IT background. Incredibly ambitious, results driven, and fiercely passionate about building pixel-perfect, client-centric websites that are practical yet intuitive and communicate the right message. Energized by continuously learning and growing. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Web Developer Nesco Resource February 2019 to Present 6-month, contracted assignment for Kasasa, Inc. (extended to 8-months)    • Built pixel perfect, mobile-responsive websites to unique design and copy specs for financial institutions nation-wide. A few examples include:  • Financial Builders: https://www.financialbuilders.org/  • Community Financial Services Bank: https://www.cfsbky.com/  • Montana Credit Union: https://www.montanacu.com/  • All sites were built into a content management system (CMS) using JavaScript, jQuery, Twig (Templating for PHP), HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Photoshop (comp spec matching &  graphic editing).  • Managed build, launch, and support workflows and punch-lists using Jira ticketing  queues to meet all SLA's.  • Frequent collaboration with designers and project managers to develop creative  solutions that often exceed the expectations of clients.  • Helped migrate ~100 sites off a legacy CMS to a new, custom built CMS. This included  inspecting all site content, performing triage as needed. Front- End Web Developer Beacon Hill Staffing - Austin, TX January 2019 to January 2019 1-month, special project contracted assignment for Allen Technologies    • Quickly transformed application HTML views by leveraging existing platform layouts to a modern look for the creation of a new web application. Designed to specifications  using JavaScript and jQuery for event handling and various CSS techniques. Web Developer Freelance/Self employed - Austin, TX August 2018 to December 2018 • Gratify (live demo on GitHub) – October 2018: Productivity-based web app built for collaborative task management. React.js, Redux, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, AJAX, MongoDB, Mongoose, CSS  • US Census Data Visualization (live demo on GitHub) – September 2018: Website created to simplify consumption of US Census data with visuals. Node.js, Express, MySQL, Sequelize, Charts.js, JavaScript, AJAX, Bootstrap, Heroku  • Clicky (Memory) Game (live demo on GitHub) – October 2018 Responsive memory game that changes state based on player interaction. React.js, JavaScript ES6, custom CSS effects and animations IT Project Manager Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions (CBTS) - Cincinnati, OH October 2017 to February 2018 • Lead a 6-month transformational project which allowed the company to remediate 20  windows servers resulting in a 500-thousand-dollar cost savings year over year.  • Successfully delivered software and infrastructure projects ahead of schedule and within budget by effectively communicating the business needs of stakeholders and  removing barriers so that my team could work as best as possible.  Facilitated consistently successful user acceptance testing for all software updates and implementations by working directly with software engineers and the client markets. IT Solutions Manager Standard Textile September 2015 to September 2017 Promoted position, reported to and worked directly with the VP of IT and a team of software engineers, responsible for ensuring IT was meeting the business needs for both  the manufacturing division (internal customers) and commercial laundry customers  (external). Frequent international travel was necessary, up to 50% of time.  • Product manager for Laundry Business System (LBS), ControlTex, a proprietary software  developed in-house and offered exclusively as a value-added service to commercial  laundry customers who met a textile sales threshold. "Sold" the product, customized  features, trained, implemented, and ensured high availability support. Education Certificate of Completion in Full Stack (MEARN) Web Development University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX May 2018 to November 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Linguistics Miami University - Oxford, OH January 2006 to December 2011 Skills Back end, Content management, Git, Javascript, Bootstrap, css, Content Management Systems, UI, React, Front End, Front-End, CSS3, HTML5, Node, JQuery Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tyrellbopp https://github.com/tbopp https://stackoverflow.com/users/9825969/t-bopp https://tyrellbopp.com Assessments Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jw05-faxt7j9fvcn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information References available upon request.