Front End Engineer II <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Engineer II Front End Software Engineer II Midvale, UT A JavaScript engineer with extensive experience building enterprise-level applications using component-based architecture, custom design systems and emerging web technologies. Primarily working Angular 1.x but diving into Angular 4.0+, integrating with RESTful web services, and contributing to shared component libraries. Using tools like Grunt (sometimes Gulp and Webpack), Jasmine, Angular CLI.    I prefer working on Agile teams, focusing on small MVPs, then iterating to add functionality progressively. I use good writing and documentation to communicate requirements effectively the first time and reduce confusion between SMEs, project management and developers like me. I believe we deliver more swiftly that way, but it takes work to do Agile well. Work Experience Front End Engineer II Western Governors University - Millcreek, UT February 2015 to Present WGU’s UX/UI team is an Angular-exclusive team, using a custom in-house JS/CSS component library and living style guide for unified style/components across a variety of university portals and tools. When I started, there were 3-4 UI engineers; now there are almost 20.    I work on the Student Platforms & Technology product team, where I’ve been the primary front- end dev on several major projects facing our over 90,000 active students:    - Notification Engine (Facebook-style notifications feed)  - Student Profile (Managing student data, privacy, messaging preferences)  - Student Directory (Student population search)  - Portal Chat (P2P chat built upon the Skype for Business Web SDK)  - Login (Reskin and refactor of the Login app integration with Ping)    ***Proudest Project: I architected and built the WGU Tour Guide, an onboarding and feature-demo tool for students, which won the first annual WGU Hackathon and was transitioned to a production app feature. Front End Developer ARIIX - Bountiful, UT July 2014 to February 2015 I built and maintained enterprise marketing websites for ARIIX’s line of health and beauty products, primarily single-page sites using lots of CSS animations/transition, SVG manipulation and jQuery. We used some Angular for i18n features.    - Developed and optimized PriimeOils.com.  - Implemented a fully-responsive, customizable microsite prototype (for the Slenderiiz, Puritii and Priime product lines) for use by tens of thousands of ARIIX sales reps. Web Developer SEO.com - Draper, UT 2013 to 2014 Built and maintained numerous client sites, ranging from simple small business  sites to full ecommerce sites in a range of industries. Interfaced with SEO and PPC  marketing teams to ensure optimal performance in search rankings and conversion  testing. I also maintained and did significant development for SEO.com itself on the front and back end.    Accomplishments  ? Along with a graphic designer, I redesigned the SEO.com homepage and several landing page templates  ? Built and maintained a multi-site WordPress install for SEO.com's site  demos  ? Built and maintained custom features, plugins and API integrations for client sites and services  ? Saved at least three clients from cancellation with new web plans,  redesigns and initiatives Education Bachelor of Arts in English University of Utah 2007 to 2009 Skills Sass (3 years), Javascript (4 years), HTML 5 (4 years), CSS3 (4 years), AngularJS (3 years), Angular 2 (Less than 1 year), Git (3 years), Jasmine (2 years), JQuery (4 years), JIRA (3 years), Confluence (2 years), Illustrator (1 year), BEM (3 years), Grunt (2 years), Gulp (1 year), NPM (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/sanderspaul Awards WGU Hackathon Winner 2016-06 I designed and built a fully mobile-responsive onboarding and feature-demo tool using AngularJS and RESTful web services. The tool highlights live HTML elements on the page and navigates between pages in the Student Portal, displaying content (HTML, CSS, animated GIFs, video, more) to help users navigate complex interfaces. Additional Information - AngularJS, Angular 4+, vanilla JS, jQuery, PHP, WordPress  - Sass/BEM/OOCSS, canvas animations, transitions, SVG  - Bootstrap, Foundation, Genesis and WGU’s custom FE framework  - NPM, Grunt, Gulp, AngularCLI and Yeoman  - Git, SVN  - JIRA, Confluence