Front end Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end Developer - The Fidelity Baltimore, MD • Over 7 years of experience in software development with high degree of proficiency in User Interface (UI), User Experience, Design and client server applications.  • Experience on developing web pages with very good understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax and JSON.  • Extensive knowledge in HTML5 and CSS3.  • Understanding of Software development life cycle (SDLC) for the various phases such as Analysis, Design, Implementation and troubleshooting on various UI based applications.  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Good Working knowledge of Angular JS, Node JS, React JS and Knockout JS, Hibernate, Spring MVC.  • Worked with the JavaScript frameworks like JQuery and AngularJS.  • Expertise in analysis and developing user-friendly solutions  • Experience with Node.js to develop vital components for the application thus creating a happy path, right from login to checkout component. Also, designed presentation pages using mustache package of Node.js.  • Fair Working knowledge about MVW frameworks like Backbone.js and Angular.  • Extensive experience in the field of Web Applications development using HTML5, CSS3, XHTML, OO-JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML, SQL and Hibernate, Spring MVC. Backbone js.  • Experienced in developing event driven applications using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Worked with the JavaScript frameworks like JQuery and AngularJS.  • Developed the User Interface & RWD using HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, JQuery, Node JS, Angular JS, Bootstrap JS, Agile and AJAX.  • Experience in designing web pages with menus and paginations using JavaScript and JQuery plugins.  • Worked with the JavaScript frameworks like JQuery, Backbone JS and AngularJS.  • Hands on experience in Ant/Maven Scripts and Log4J.  • Worked extensively on projects using SQL and PL/SQL. Created Stored Procedures to encapsulate business logic in the database and improve performance.  • Good exposure to Java Web Services development using spring 3.0.Experience in web design using HTML, JSP, JSON, JSF and JavaScript.  • Experience on different OS like UNIX, Linux, and Windows operating systems.  • Expertise in Performance improvement and Production support for live Applications.  • Skilled Graphical User Interface / Web Designer and Developer.  • Prototype designs and development in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP and DHTML.  • Knowledgeable with RDBMS concepts like writing SQL Queries, Functions, Stored Procedures and PL/SQL Packages.  • Self-motivated Team player with excellent interpersonal skills.  • Flexible, enthusiastic and project oriented team player with solid communication and Analytical skills to develop creative solution for challenging client needs. Work Experience Front end Developer The Fidelity September 2014 to Present Insurance Management System  This project is about full policy administration life cycle including quote, binding, rate, issue & service. This project includes multiple modules: Insurance policy administration system, customer management system, claim management system, business intelligence. Both clients and employees get reporting and charting solutions based on past data to ensure better solution-making.    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Involved in Software Development Life Cycle phases like requirements gathering, Analysis, Design, Development and Testing.  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using HTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, AJAX  • Actively involved in using AngularJS (MVC), Bootstrap and HTML5 to enable client side date to meets specific criteria by applying various validation variables and used the AngularJS validation CSS classes to provide visual feedback on validation.  • Involved in implementing the complete Application in the in-build MVC Architecture with Angular JS.  • Coded Angular JS controllers and directives for application functionality.  • Created forms to collect and validate data from the user in HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Applied RWD Techniques using Bootstrap and media Queries.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Bootstrap.js, Node.js, Can.js, React JS, Knockout, EXT.js and JQuery.  • Developed Single page application using html5, css3, Angular.js, knockout.  • Used LESS for creating CSS frameworks store things like colors, font stacks, or any CSS value.  • Used URL routing handled by UI state router, allowing us to divide the application into logical modules (templates and controllers), each of which would be instantiated when its route was invoked by $Route Provider in Angular JS to route the data from one service to another server.  • Optimized the code developed by working closely with information architects and developers and produced a team driven holistic end product that lead to top notch user experience.  • Built web HTML templates for high traffic and complex data driven website.  • Called the restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  • Used JQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree. Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using JQuery framework.  • Developed various UI (User Interface) components using AngularJS (MVC), JSON and HTML, Spring MVC, BackboneJS, Hibernate.  • With the help of Object Oriented JavaScript to designed dynamic client-side to web forms and simulate process for web application.  • Implement jQuery plug in to navigate to different section of the page of the application using DOM elements.  • Used AJAX and JSON to process asynchronous actions between front and back end.  • Involved in responsive web designing using various Bootstrap's classes and Grids  • Demonstrated implementation and up-gradation of JavaScript Library.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, node.js, JQuery, Bootstrap, knockout, BackboneJS, EXT.js, React JS, AngularJS, Rest Web Services, AJAX, JSON, Hibernate, SpringMVC. Front End Developer GEICO Inc - Bartlesville, OK November 2012 to August 2014 Geico Eloquence System is robust, innovative, documentation automation System which is used to build document Entities (like Collection, Master components, and variations), using parameters such as variables, rules, formats, functions and conditions. Converter is one of important module of Eloquence Engine which converts all the input Word ml documents into different format like pdf, post script, AFP etc.  Roles and Responsibilities:  • Converted raw images and layouts from a graphic designer into CSS/HTML themes.  • Followed Web Accessibility Guidelines while coding the website.  • Implemented client side validations in registration forms, login and logout forms using Java Script.  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and autocomplete form validations.  • Interacted with business analysts and understood the business requirements.  • Involved in defining technical requirements and ensure correct UI modules been built based upon business requirements.  • Worked in developing dynamic robust UI screens using CSS, HTML5, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and AngularJS.  • Designing UI framework using JQuery, HTML and CSS.  • Developed the front end with JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.  • Involved in creating Single Page Application using Angular JS for service requests management of customers along with routers, filters and controllers.  • Developed responsive web pages using Bootstrap Forms, Components, Layouts, Events, and Grids components.  • Worked on Sass frameworks to preprocess CSS file.  • Implemented AJAX in web pages for accessing application data without refresh the whole pages for better user experience.  • Customized Data Tables and High charts into Angular JS directives.  • Utilized Angular controllers to maintain each data view and service call using Angular factory.  • Implemented client-side validations using JavaScript.  • Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers  • Created unit testing cases for specific function using QUnit.  • Used GIT as source repository and controlling versions of the code.  • Involved in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (Scrum).  • Used jQuery for interaction between JavaScript and HTML.  • Worked with the design of the templates and skins in CSS.  • Used Web Developer, Firebug, and IE developer toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility  • Adopted a cross browser and cross platform approach to make the website more versatile and Supportive.  • Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.  • Adhered to corporate standards with respect to problem, change and configuration management  • Worked on Angular JS.  • Worked on Responsive Designing for websites for Tablets and Mobiles for Expressionery site.    Environment: J2EE, AngularJS, RESTful, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, GIT, Spring MVC, JQuery, Eclipse, Oracle 11g, Agile, Hibernate, Web Developer Centene - Great Falls, MT 2010 to January 2010 Centene is a leading multi-line healthcare enterprise that provides programs and related services to individuals receiving benefits under Medicaid, including Supplemental Security Income (SSI) and the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP). In addition, the Company contracts with other healthcare organizations to provide specialty services including behavioral health, disease management, managed vision, nurse triage, and pharmacy benefit management and treatment compliance. The system interfaces with various external systems for user authentication, getting price quotes, obtaining contracted information, sending provisioning information etc.    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Developing Responsive Design UI Rich Rest Service Applications, Single Page Applications and HTML Wireframes using HTML5 Grid Structures/Layouts, CSS Media Queries, Ajax.  • Developing the Presentation Layer using JSP and HTML 5 Technologies.  • Used AJAX and JavaScript for Client side validations and providing responsive feedback.  • Created custom Filters which can format data in different ways based on the requirements and involved in two-way data binding technique with styling from Bootstrap.  • Developing & customizing UI JavaScript Plug-ins using jQuery, Object Oriented JS and JSON across all v5.0 pages for Samsung website.  • Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Improved cross browser performance utilizing numerous JavaScript frameworks (jQuery) and third party plug-ins (Flash) by pairing them with various back- end systems Java.  • Involved in SDLC, an application developed in AGILE methodology.  • Integrating Social Media Tools like Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus One, Pinterest, Spice, and LinkedIn.  • Performance tuning in Presentation Layer.  • Responsible for code optimization and extensive testing of the website, identifying the bugs using Firebug and fix them.    Environment: HTML5, CSS, Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, JSP Technologies, Teamsite, Eclipse, JAVA Technologies Education Bachelors in Computer Applications Punjab Technical University Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Applications Punjab University Additional Information SKILL SET:  Scripting Languages HTML 4/5, CSS 2/3, XHTML, XML, JSON, Bootstrap, KnockoutJS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, AngularJS, BackboneJS, Hibernate, Spring MVC  Tools Eclipse IDE, Dreamweaver, Sublime Text Editor, TextWrangler, MS Visual Studio, WebStorm  Operating systems Win XP, Win Vista,Win7,8  Others Ms Office 2007, Adobe Firework CS5, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS5, DOM manipulations.