Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - RAKE Chicago, IL Work Experience Front- End Developer RAKE - Chicago, IL September 2018 to Present Actively leading efforts to complete software development and applications projects for business providing digital solutions, inclusive of ERP, SCM, PLM, SRM, CRM, enterprise resources/solutions, supply chain, lifecycle, management tools, human resources, warehousing, asset management and analysis tools while adhering to all timelines, milestones and QA.  • Leveraged ES6 and TypeScript for documenting and testing of various projects to support customer requirements across an array of diverse industries.  • Led efforts to create technical documentation for Angular 6 web application within timelines and to requirements.  • Designed and generated various web pages for company utilizing Documentation JS for internal software system. Front- End Developer ADAGE TECHNOLOGIES - Chicago, IL May 2017 to June 2018 Spearheaded initiatives to develop and update websites for company providing digital solutions across mid-market industries while applying best practices with project deliverables and maintaining quality assurance.  • Collaborated with co- developer on creation of front- end for new search application for Academy of Pediatrics utilizing React JS with Redux, SCSS and TypeScript.  • Wrote 10 React apps and completed deliverables on 7 Episerver websites on-time and pursuant to requirements.  • Built new features on websites with HTML, CSS, JS, and C# while actively participating on Scrum Team. Web/Software Developer W5 GOLF - Flossmoor, IL June 2016 to March 2017 Acted in role as Software Developer for company providing email marketing, customized websites, tee sheet optimization and reservation center functions with a focus on web development and exposure to .NET languages, networks and databases.  • Completed 1 year project for design and development of DNN web application with adherence to milestones and QA.  • Engaged in leveraging tools Javascript, HTML and CSS to write array of web pages for various customers. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Cornell College - Mount Vernon, IA Skills .net, Visual studio, C#, Html, Redux, Front End, React, UI, Angular, Javascript