UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Wells Fargo -ranvirpandey.das@gmail.com San Jose, CA • 7+ years of Professional Experience in Designing and Development in User Interface (UI) Web Applications by using UI Authoring and Web Technologies.  • Experience in software development life cycle (SDLC) in developing and designing user experiences of Internet/Intranet applications using HTML5, XHTML XML CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery MeetingW3C standards.  • Extensive experience with jQuery, AJAX, Dynamic HTML (DHTML) and JSON.  • Strong experience in Client Side design and validation using HTML, DHTML and JavaScript.  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Utilized various jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Hands-on knowledge of RWD (Responsive Web Design) technique and patterns.  • Expertise in developing high-quality code and produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, cross-browser compatibility and SEO / web standard.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Strong experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and Behaviors in CSS.  • Proficient with creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Chrome or safari web inspectors and IEDeveloper Toolbar.  • Good knowledge of SOAP and RESTful web services.  • Experience working on AngularJS, Node.JS in implementing RESTful web services.  • Experience with various Software Development Methodologies like SDLC, Agile, Iterative and Waterfall methodologies.  • Using the Bootstrap will be dividing the component's using the Grid Layout system.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Experience in Agile software development process, Test Driven Development and Scrum. Worked in Agile Scrum projects and attended Daily Scrum meetings, User Story review meetings, Sprint Review and Retrospective meetings as part of Agile Methodology.  • Experience with Unit Testing User Interfaces Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience UI Developer Wells Fargo - Pleasanton, CA January 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for executing clean and progressively enhanced code for complex designs that reflect the architectural direction provided within the established technical framework.  • Development with modularity in mind to accommodate shifting priorities and the challenges associated with rapid prototyping and agile methodologies.  • Participated in project scoping and planning, wrote detailed level technical and functional specifications documentation  • Experienced in hand-coding HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and other UI technologies  • Experience with JavaScript Frameworks ExtJS, AngularJS, jQuery.  • Expert in developing and testing across multiple devices/platforms and browsers (traditional desktop and mobile devices), using MVC/AJAX/CSS preprocessing concepts and tools such as Fiddler, Firebug, YSlow, etc.  • Experience using testing strategies such as TDD, including knowledge of JSUnit and/or Selenium.  • Expert in presentation layer concepts such as progressive enhancement, responsive design, MVC, object-oriented development  • Experience in managing assignments effectively, multi-tasking, and working within tight deadlines  • Strong client-service orientation and experience working in a fast paced setting.  • Involved in developing UI pages using HTML5, DHTML, XSL/XSLT, XHTML, DOM, CSS3, JSON, Drupal, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax.  • Excellent experience in Restful Web services like JIRA and Big Web service development and consumption. (JAX-RS and JAX-WS)  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like Angular.JS and Ext.JS.  • Worked with BA's and business users to understand requirements and delivered outcomes on time  • Created XHTML Pages with CSS and the Box Model. Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  • Developed functions and features in Drupal using PHP  • Used jQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  • Extensively used jQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Developed Search Engine using JSP, presented the XML data in the web page using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Used Adobe Content Management system (CMS) for the dynamic configuration of the web application.  • Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree. Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework.  • Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  • Used Backbone.js for Fetching Data from the Server by giving URL to get JSON data for model and to populate model from the server  Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JSP, XML, Bootstrap.js Backbone.js, AngularJS , EXTJS, .net D3.js, DHTML, jQuery, Ajax, DOM, JSON, Adobe CMS, Spring, Adobe Flash, SOAP, REST Web Services, Eclipse Front End UI Developer ARM Inc - San Jose, CA August 2011 to April 2012 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for writing utility classes, UI development using JSP, CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, ExtJS, AJAX (DWR).  • Brief experience on implementing the Angular.js in creating animations based on CSS classes.  • Used JQuery plugins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Involved in developing various generic JavaScript functions used for validations.  • Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  • Co-ordinate with UX designers and develop static content using front end with HTML 5, CSS3 and Angular JS.  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Involved in Requirement gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Involved in using CVS, Git, for project management and version management.  • Developed Functional Requirement Document based on users' requirement.  • Done testing for cross browser functionalities so as to confirm the application consistency across various browsers.  Environment: JavaScript, CSS3, HTML , backbone.js, Bootstrap, AJAX, Web 2.0, Agile, jQuery, Adobe Photoshop, XML, REST, Design Patterns, Eclipse. Front End UI Developer Experian Interactive Media - Los Angeles, CA January 2010 to August 2011 Responsibilities:  • Developed web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, jQuery and AJAX.  • Designed and developed the layouts using CSS3, Box model and HTML 5.  • Coordinated with the Business Analysts and conducted feedback session  • The Angular JavaScript framework for building web applications ns with the Associates in order to understand the requirements of the user interface layout of the web application.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  • Defined and developed the presentation layer of the application using HTML 5, CSS3 and Ajax.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins for Drag and Drop, jqValidtor, AutoComplete, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS and JavaScript, Bootstrap  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA standards.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Used Ajax to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  • Actively participated and provided feedback in a constructive and insightful manner during weekly Iterative review meetings to track the progress for each iterative cycle and figure out the issues.  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Ajax, framework, Bootstrap, Windows XP and MS Office. Education Master's Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, Apache, Responsive Web Design.  JavaScript Libraries: Ember.js, Node.js , Angular.js, JQuery UI, Require.js, Bootstrap  IDE's and Tools