Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> FRONT END WEB DEVELOPER - TFC MARKETING Tampa, FL I am a UX Designer & Front- End Web Developer and Researcher with over 3 of years of experience. I help clients take the guesswork out of design by incorporating data-driven approaches to inform design directions and strategies based on customer behaviors, needs, and motivations. I also assist in the development of these websites utilizing an array of development tools. Work Experience Front End Web Developer TFC MARKETING October 2018 to Present Remote/Contract)  • Utilized wireframing and graphics tools such as Sketch, Axure, Photoshop, Balsamiq, Dreamweaver, and InVision to produce both lo-fi and hi-fi designs.  • Developed in both WordPress and Shopify CMS environments, leveraging languages such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap when necessary.  • Facilitated project and task management between U.S-based team and India-based development team using tools such as Trello and Slack.  • Ensured all websites adhered to best web usability practices and mobile-responsive principles.  • Participated in user interviews, surveys, user data analysis, and user flow mapping FRONT END WEB DEVELOPER BENZER February 2018 to November 2018 • Managed the design & development of multiple client websites, creating sites in industries such as healthcare, health & nutrition, and food.  • Integrated advanced plugins and functionalities on e-commerce sites grossing over $30k/month sales.  • Led team scrum meetings for each new client project to identify key elements such as ideal buyer personas, buyer journeys, business needs, user needs, information architecture, and the sitemap.  • Collaborated with key stakeholders on the creation of pattern brand style guides, branding material, and more. This required analyzing existing designs, finding inconsistencies, and offering recommendations and best practices on how final design patterns should be translated to WordPress page designs. WEB DEVELOPER UBIQUI DIGITAL December 2016 to January 2018 Developed multiple websites in WordPress CMS environment, utilizing coding languages such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap when necessary. Education Bachelor's in Business Management FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY - Tampa, FL August 2011 to December 2015 Skills Adobe Illustrator (2 years), Adobe Photoshop (4 years), Bootstrap (3 years), CMS (3 years), CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (1 year), CRM (3 years), CSS (3 years), DOM (3 years), HTML (3 years), HTML5 (2 years), Illustrator (2 years), JavaScript (3 years), jQuery (3 years), Photoshop (4 years), PHP (Less than 1 year), wireframing (Less than 1 year), Front End, Front-End (3 years), UI (2 years) Links https://www.devthedeveloper.com