Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - Wells Fargo Fremont, CA ? Around 5 years of experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications, web application development using HTML 4.0/5, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, DHTML, AJAX, AngularJS, Bootstrap, JSON with experience in the software development life cycle.  ? Good understanding RWD (responsive web design), dynamic CSS.  ? Good Experience in developing front- end systems with Bootstrap and MVC frameworks such as Angular JS, JQuery, JSP.  ? Good experience in developing JAVA based applications using JAVA, JEE, JDBC, Servlet, JSP.  ? Working knowledge in UI development process such as Analysis, Development and Testing, and associated methodologies.  ? Expertise on working with different browsers like Google chrome, Internet Explorer and thorough understanding of checking cross browser compatibility issues.  ? Good experience in designing the wire-frames, Layouts and mockup screens to develop actual web pages.  ? Worked on web development skills with JSP,  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, DHTML, Servlet, Eclipse and Tomcat.  ? Good knowledge of intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX).  ? Strong experience in using control systems like GIT, SVN.  ? Good in designing and developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guideline (WCAG) standards.  ? Knowledge in Oracle 10g/11g PL/SQL Developer.  ? Experience in JavaScript Unit Testing along with browser testing tools like Firebug, Chrome Developer tools, IE Developer Tools and MS EDGE developer tools.  ? Worked in Waterfall model and agile based development environment, following the sprint deadlines and participating in scrum meetings.  ? Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code using debugging tools like  Firebug.  ? Experienced in developing dynamic, interactive UI (JSP, JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript)  ? Highly motivated self-starter with Excellent Communication, Problem Solving Skills and committed to learning new technologies.  ? Excellent Leadership, organization, planning and co-ordination skills developed from managing teams, working in groups and working with complex projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Wells Fargo - Fremont, CA December 2016 to Present Wells Fargo provides Smart Intranet (SI) application. It is an Intranet web based application that is used by Wholesale Services to support the Wholesale Treasury Management Customer base. Using Smart Intranet, an authorized team member can inquire on Account Information, Balances, Code of the Day, Fraud History, Check History, Intra-day Activities, Photocopies, Stops, Wires, and Sweep Yields for all Treasury Management Accounts. Smart Intranet also automates more complicated tasks like Funds verification and Credit rating and supports Photocopy Requests and Stop Payments. Users can issue and reissue TEDC deposit cards and make deposit correction for research adjustments.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed responsive web application for backend system using AngularJS with HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Using GIT to checkout and check-in code and merge the code with other developers.  ? Used SVN Repo for code access and committing code.  ? Designed Prototype and project layout skeletons using jQuery, CSS and HTML5.  ? Worked extensively with JavaScript, JQuery, and HTML checking for cross browser compatibility.  ? Tested pages for cross-browser compatibility for IE-11, MS Edge, Chrome using free tools such as Browsershots and AdobeBrowserLab.  ? Used Bootstrap and AngularJS in effective web design.  ? Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like JQuery, HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Fiddle tool was used for bug tracking.  ? Constructed web pages for application using MVC3, Java Script, jQuery, HTML.  ? Developed user interface using JSP with JavaBeans, JSTL and Custom Tag Libraries, JS, CSS, and jQuery, HTML and Ajax to speed the application.  ? Integrated the Java Code (API) in JSP pages and responsible for setting up spring framework for UI development. Developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and AngularJS.  ? Created and maintained the framework and layout of each portal with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  ? Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, jQuery, DHTML and JSON.  ? Responsible to manipulate HTML5, CSS3 in jQuery and as well as making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON.  ? Designed functional systems such as Interaction Diagram using Enterprise Architect.  ? Involved in Analysis, Design, and Development Production phases of the application.  ? Involved and interacted with users, customers and Business users for the requirements and training with new features.  ? Involved in the development using Java/J2EE Technologies, Web Services and Spring JDBC Framework.  ? Functionalities include writing code in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS and Bootstrap with MySQL Database as the backend.  ? Mainly involved in support, maintenance and enhancement of the application.  ? Played a significant role in design and development of the VUI.  ? Developed JDBC with Spring Integration as the data abstraction to interact with the database.  ? Used Log4j utility to log error, info and debug messages.  ? Used Jenkins to deploy, and debug Java applications.  ? Worked with Gradle and MAVEN to build and deploy the project locally.  ? Agile methodology was adopted in development. This includes daily Scrum.  ? Developed software for users to grow the business using JavaScript/jQuery, HTML 5 and CSS.  ? Developed presentation layer for the project which includes development of standard browser compliant user interactive web pages using CSS, Spring MVC tag and JSTL tag libraries with Client side validations and unit testing.  ? Performed QA activities, created test data and tested application.  ? Performed browser testing using developer tools.    Environment: Java, J2EE, Spring MVC, Restful Web Service , AJAX, JSP, MySQL, Servlets, AngularJS, CSS, JavaScript, HTML 5, Gradle, Log4j, DAO, JavaScript, Spring Framework, JavaBeans, JSTL, Bootstrap, Jenkins, GIT, SVN. UI/Web Developer Western Alliance Bank - San Diego, CA March 2015 to November 2016 Project Customer Account Management Systems (CAMS) involved testing an online account management system. This Web-based application enabled clients to apply and manage their services like Credit cards, Bank accounts etc.  Responsibilities:  ? Contributed as key resource of the "Angular JS Framework Team" in conversion of existing (XMI) UI screens of the application to Angular JS based UI.  ? Involved in development of commonly used angular components across teams such as directives for grid, pagination, conditional validations etc.  ? Involved in development/conversion of numerous existing UI screens to Angular JS for the Admin and Task UI modules.  ? Implemented solutions for customer reported product defects in a large-scale web application using Polymer, GWT.  ? Designed UI screens using JSP, CSS, Angular JS Framework and HTML5.  ? Involved in User Interface (UI) and User Experience (UX) design using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS3 and JavaScript and used Table less Design in CSS for positioning.  ? Developed front end web applications using AngularJS, Grunt.js, LESS, Sass, and other front end libraries and frameworks  ? Building reusable code using Polymer.js and JavaScript libraries for future uses.  ? Created interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.js, Bootstrap.js, Node.js and JQuery.  ? Analyzed recorded and modified client-server traffic using an HTTP monitor with SOAP  ? Designed data formatted web applications using HTML, DHTML, XHTML and CSS and deploy the script by client side scripting using JavaScript.  ? Developed Chrome Apps using HTML5, CSS and JavaScript to extend the development capability.  ? Responsible for designing Front-side of the website like embedded graphics, and interactive documents using JavaScript, XML, HTML and CSS.  ? Used CSS Sprites to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  ? Installed node.js and utilized the NPM with Gulp-react and Gulp-concat for the build.  ? Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  ? Created Images, Logos and Icons for web pages using Dreamweaver.  ? Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap  ? Created dynamic HTML5 pages with JavaScript and CSS3 for their Intranet software product.  ? ECMAScript 6 use to support across browsers.  ? Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to client for review.  ? Created and tested scripts using JQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE, etc.  ? Worked with architects & Developers to enhance application functionality and add new features.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML 5, CSS3, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, Mongo DB, SOAP, DOM, , Ajax, Gulp, Grunt, JQuery, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Angular.js, Angular 2, Typescript, node.js, Bootstrap,. Front- end Developer Vinta Soft Sol - Pune, Maharashtra May 2013 to January 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Developed UI using JSP, HTML, DHTML, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  ? Developed REST based Web Services to interact with backend/internal systems.  ? Designed screens using HTML and field updates and validations.  ? Worked on pop up screens, image sliders, and dropdown menus on web pages using JavaScript, CSS3, jQuery, and AJAX to make UI functional.  ? Understanding of business requirements, analyzing and implementing the process using Agile (Scrum) methodology.  ? Single page applications were built using AngularJS.  ? Existing JavaScript code conversion into MVC pattern using AngularJS framework.  ? To interact with the servers for information, calls were triggered using AJAX and jQuery.  ? Developed test cases and performed unit testing using JUNIT.  ? Used Log4J to capture the log.  ? Built, configured and deployed applications using Gradle and Maven.  ? Fiddle tool was used for bug tracking.  ? Involved in daily scrum to discuss the design and work progress.  ? Used SVN Repo for code access and committing code.  ? Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like JQuery, HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Performed browser testing using developer tools.  ? Implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, jQuery, DHTML and JSON.    Environment: AJAX, MySQL, AngularJS, CSS, JavaScript, HTML 5, Gradle, Log4j, JavaScript, JavaBeans, JSTL, Bootstrap. Education BE in Computer Engineering Gujarat Technological University Skills AJAX (4 years), ANGULARJS (4 years), BOOTSTRAP (4 years), HTML5 (4 years), jQuery (4 years) Additional Information Skills Summary:  Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS, Bootstrap.  Operating systems: Windows, Mac OS  Development IDE/ Tools Eclipse, Notepad++, Visual Studio 2010.  Debuggers and other tools Adobe Photoshop, MS Office, Fiddle, Firebug, Developers Tool  Web/Application Server Tomcat  Version Control Tools GIT-Hub, SVN  Database Oracle, MySql.