Front End Developer and Software Engineer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> and Software Engineer Front End Developer and Software Engineer San Francisco, CA ? 5 years of experience in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and JavaScript with clean code;  ? A web programmer with experience in developing and managing information technology based web applications;  ? Solid experience in web development utilizing Agile methodology;  ? Industry standard front end frameworks such as Bootstrap, Foundation, jQuery, LESS and SASS/Compass;  ? Completed 100+ projects in WordPress (utilizing WPML, WooCommerce, Multisite and etc.);  ? Basic experience in Project implementation skills using Java SE, Java EE, Restful, Spring, Hibernate framework;  ? Implemented Micro Services based Cloud Architecture on AWS Platform;  ? Experienced in all stages of building web sites and web applications from gathering user requirements to production rollout and website maintenance;  ? Solid experience in web and client / server technologies covering all phases of project development including business requirements analysis, architecture and design, user interface design, module and component construction, testing and quality assurance, and implementation. Work Experience Front End Developer and Software Engineer Samsung - Mountain View, CA May 2016 to November 2017 USA  ? Developed responsive web design sites used HTML5, JS, Java Beans, Servlets, JSP, JSF and CSS3 with an eye for graceful fallback for older browsers;  ? Completed training project utilizing Spring MVC and JSP to create a basic data modification web;  ? Developed projects leveraging AngularJS and MVC frameworks;  ? Created mobile application development for a cross-platform JavaScript based solution used AngularJS and Bootstrap;  ? Performed extensive research to made optimal architecture and design decisions and wrote large amounts of code, performed code reviews, wrote unit tests;  ? Developed screens using Java, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JSP and JavaScript and designed Database for the application;  ? Supported customers in optimization and improvement of existing features of all API applications;  ? Resolved technical problems relating to API application by identification and fixing bugs;  ? Interfaced with other groups including Product Management, QA and Operations;  ? Worked in a team from scratching to the development of such trading software;  ? Involved in the full life cycle of software design process of other projects, including prototyping, proof of concepts, design, interface implementation, testing and maintenance. Front End Developer Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA October 2015 to April 2016 USA  ? Built a complex map-based flagship web app for desktop, tablet and mobile using high performance modular vanilla JavaScript ( REST APIs, AJAX for Async loading), RESTful API, SASS/SCSS (BEM methodology), Gulp, HTML5;  ? Crafted HTML, CSS and JavaScript for various microsites and created print design campaigns for visitor marketing and educational purposes;  ? UI/UX development to create a seamless customer experience for a high traffic e-commerce website through desktop, mobile and smartphone app interfaces;  ? Independently performed, guided, assisted, and mentored others in software coding, testing, debugging, and documentation for web presentation layer used HTML, CSS, JS, and XML/XSL according to internal standards and guidelines and, otherwise, in accordance with industry best practices. Modified team site content data;  ? Documented project and development work. Performed code and accessibility reviews of peers and junior developers;  ? Troubleshot issues and executed according to various policies, methodologies, and standards as appropriate. Also provided support for troubleshooting efforts;  ? Participated with editors, designers, application developers, and project managers in cross functional teams to evaluate, scope, and size new projects;  ? Researched, learned, and applied new web development technologies as needed. Front End Developer A&E Watches - San Francisco, CA May 2015 to October 2015 USA  ? Specialized in W3C web standards based markup, utilizing semantic markup for structure and CSS for presentation;  ? Maintained cooperative relationship with tech support and sales team to increase customer satisfaction;  ? Debugged and fixed bugs in HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3 stored procedures, which were written by other developers;  ? Negotiated with project managers ways of implementation and details of reports and applications;  ? Redesigned an image gallery component that exposes supplying content in customer's online shops. The changes touched upon HTML5 markup of the gallery, related JavaScript code, CSS3 styles and PHP back- end code. The purpose of alterations is to enable support of different image sizes for the gallery;  ? Implemented new features of the JavaScript, which provides for the product database maintenance and customer settings adjustments of the product. Each of the features provides for coding HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, jQuery UI, back- end code for interaction with the database in PHP. Front End and Web Developer Themes Tune Co October 2014 to April 2015 Chisinau, Moldova  ? Provided the UI engineering team with technical leadership, strategic direction and training as a hands-on architect. Guided the team in building out a lean, responsive UI layer utilizing semantic HTML5, SASS, Bootstrap and REST API architecture while adhering to the latest web UI standards, design patterns, and best practices;  ? Participated in regular team meetings and discussed current issues, provided feedback on new features;  ? Completed projects in WooCommerce(WordPress e Commerce); Environment: HTML5, CSS3;  ? Developed the e Commerce websites using HTML, CSS, SASS and JavaScript for Themes Tune;  The site is cross-browser and responsive, where customers can register and make their purchases. Front End and Web Developer Best4u Co January 2014 to September 2014 Chisinau, Moldova  ? Created websites using HTML5, CSS3, Responsive (Bootstrap, Susy), WordPress (ACF, WPML, Custom Post Type, Taxonomy), Qind (CMS of Best4you);  ? Lead cross-functional teams through development, testing, and product launch;  ? Participated in team building activities with colleagues from the Netherland on a regular basis(twice per week);  ? Actively negotiated project requirements with clients and colleagues from Netherland;  ? Modified the existing website - reviewed and optimized code, redesign architecture, applied caching, optimized database structure and JavaScript code;  ? Strong knowledge of web-oriented user interface design, user experience & responsive design;  ? Adaptable, organized, results and detail-oriented with excellent work ethic, strong time management;  ? Ability to learn new technologies and challenging concepts quickly and implement them. Front End and Web Developer Fruit Ware Co February 2013 to December 2013 Chisinau, Moldova  ? Maintained web-site utilizing WordPress CMS and Magento;  ? Worked in an Agile, rapid development and prototyping environment where effective communication is paramount;  ? Brought new ideas and creative solutions for new and existing projects;  ? Worked in an Agile, rapid development and prototyping environment where effective communication is paramount;  ? Designed and implemented the library which is going to be used in the web-portal for customers to enable them to upload videos to our storage with on-the-go transcoding to the target format as well as the generation of thumbnails;  ? Led cross-functional teams through development, testing, and product launch;  ? Analyzed business requirements and suggested improvements to the product features.    Portfolio: http://eugenecozac.com    English proficiency: TOEFL iBT - 72, IELTS 6.5 Education University of California - Santa Clara, CA June 2017 to August 2017 MS in Computer Science in Computer Science California Takshila University - San Jose, CA May 2015 to September 2016 BS in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Technical University September 2005 to July 2009 Skills API (2 years), Bootstrap (2 years), CSS (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), Java (1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/eugene-cozac-0a917b7b Additional Information Skills:  Languages: HTML5, CSS3, PHP, JS, AJAX, JAVA  Databases: MySQL    Operating Systems: Windows 7/8, Linux, Unix, Mac OS  CSS Frameworks: Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Compass, Susy  JS Frameworks: jQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS  IDEs: Sublime, Eclipse, NetBeans, Dreamweaver  Design Tools: Adobe Photoshop CS6, Adobe Illustrator CS6  Version Control: GIT, SVN  Web Pack: Grunt, Gulp, Bower  Web Services: Google Maps API, XML, JSON, REST, RESTful API