ReactJS Developer ReactJS <span class="hl">Developer</span> ReactJS Developer - Bank of America • Around 5 years of professional experience in Developing, Testing, Integrating, Implementing User Interface (UI) Web Applications.  • Involved in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Experience of using "Agile" methodologies for software development such as Scrum.  • Expertise in developing Responsive Web Pages using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, ReactJS, Bootstrap, AJAX, jQuery, JSON, NodeJS.  • In-depth knowledge of HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3.  • Extensive knowledge of object-oriented programming in JavaScript. Extensively used the JavaScript library jQuery.  • Good experience working with Bootstrap and CSS3 media queries to support web design.  • Experience in writing well organized and maintainable CSS code using pre-processors SASS and LESS.  • Good knowledge on Angular 2/4.  • Extensive knowledge in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Extensively used React.js and Redux, React Native library of JavaScript, and used Forms, Events, Keys, State, Props, Flux, and Web pack.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Well versed with the implementation of AJAX in any web pages.  • Expert in Restful services consuming using Get, Post, Delete, Put methods While accessing external API and Experience using AJAX calls to create interactive web applications.  • Have used JSON for retrieving data.  • Worked on Version control systems like GIT, CVS, SVN.  • Experience in Unit Testing frameworks like JASMINE and in preparing test cases.  • Worked on various IDE's Eclipse, Visual studio, Notepad++, IntelliJ, Sublime Text 3, NetBeans.  • Hands on experience working on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome and checking cross browser compatibility.  • Valuable team player with excellent communication skills, trouble shooting skills with ability to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly. Work Experience ReactJS Developer Bank of America - Dallas, TX January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked with the user group for requirement gathering throughout the planning and implementation.  • Used Bootstrap and media queries to create a responsive website that fit all users and devices from desktop to tablet and mobile phones.  • Implemented React.js to create a dynamically changing value.  • Wrote SPA (Single Page Web Applications) using RESTFUL web services plus AJAX, Bootstrap and React.js  • Involved in web development consulting focused on the React.js, Node.js, Express.js, and MySQL.  • The application involved development of Single Page Application using React js, Redux, Node JS, JavaScript(ECMA6), Bootstrap, SASS and LESS, HTML5 and CSS3.  • Created reusable components using ReactJS and created actions, reducers and integrated the components.  • Used D3.js in various levels of projects which brings data to life using HTML, SVG, and CSS.  • Worked closely with Graphic designers to implement mock-ups and the layouts of the application using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Used JSON for exchanging the information between browsers and servers.  • Developed several APIs using Restful web services and consumed various APIs from different internal portals.  • Worked with Agile methodology, developed scrum teams within the development team and have ability to complete the tasks within given sprints.  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, D3.js, JSON, React js, Redux, NodeJS, Bootstrap, Agile, Sublime Text, Windows OS. UI Developer DELL - Boca Raton, FL December 2016 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review the complete explicit design with the help of HTML5 and CSS3 with the help of CSS preprocessors LESS for creating clean and faster stylesheet and responsive by Bootstrap.  • Used ES6 and JSX with React for component development.  • Integrating third party D3.js elements into React components.  • Used React js frontend framework and Redux architecture for creating data layers for unidirectional data flow.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.Js and used various predefined components from NPM and Redux.  • Implemented Redux-form and used Synchronous and Asynchronous Validations to validate the values.  • Implemented modules into NodeJs to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Added dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • Used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub. Front- End Developer SM Biosystems - IN June 2014 to May 2016 Education Bachelor's Skills Ajax (1 year), Bootstrap (2 years), Css. (2 years), Html (1 year), Html5 (2 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technology: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, AngularJS, Node.js, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, TypeScript, Redux, Flux, SASS, LESS  Languages: Java, C++, C  Designing Software: Adobe Dreamweaver CS5, MS office, Sublime Text Editor, Notepad++, Atom, Microsoft Visual Studio    Operating Systems: Windows 8, Windows 10, UNIX, Linux.  Databases: MS Access, Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL, PostgreSQL, Mongo DB.  Debugging Tools: Firebug, HTML Validator, Web Developer.  IDEs & Build Tools Eclipse, NetBeans, Notepad++, Jenkins, Gulp, Maven, Gradle, JIRA, NPM.  Version Control Tools: CVS, SVN, Git, GitHub.