UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Bank of America Charlotte, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Bank of America - Charlotte, NC July 2015 to Present Description: BofA Mobile Web and BofA Online Banking are two of the options for customers to enjoy the convenience of online banking in various devices. The main work is to develop new web pages and redesign the existing web application to have rich look and feel for user interface along with easy navigation across the system. The main features of web application were allowing account creation, validating user information, account management options. Also, the mobile web was having features like fund transfer, pay bills, deposit checks, rewards center, locate and help.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed Single Page Applications using AngularJS MVC Framework.  ? Involved in Customer Accounts, Transactions, Rewards, billing and transfer modules.  ? Developed the Responsive Web Design using CSS Bootstrap and Media Queries.  ? Implemented account creation module as a Single Page Application using Angular JS along with Angular validation.  ? Created AngularJS controllers, factories, filters, routers and services.  ? Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Bootstrap for Accordion, Carousel, Modal Dialogs, tabs, and date picker involved in Page Layouts.  ? Implemented for a validation using JavaScript and Regular Expressions  ? Involved in development of commonly used angular components across teams such as customer directives for grid, pagination, conditional validations.  ? Involved with all stages of Software Development Lifecycle using Agile Methodology.  ? Uses GitHub for the Version control.  ? Created required templates and reusable style sheets based on UI standards and company's requirements.  ? Brief knowledge about coding by working with experienced Designers to understand usability , information architecture  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and execute unit test cases using QUnit.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, GIT, Ajax, JSO, MySQL, Eclipse, WebStorm. UI Developer Stubhub January 2015 to June 2015 Description: The Corporate enrollment service system is an internal tool for Stubhub employee. It mainly maintains data of the various corporations and the employee data that are enrolled through the corporation. The data is divided based on corporation group and division level. The system also includes the employee health information record who are enrolled from various corporations, As a UI developer my role is to re-design old system into a browser based system. It has various controls that are maintained at corporation groups and divisions level.  It has health information record with respect to these contacts.  Responsibilities:  ? Developed the application based on MVC architechture.  ? Developed mobile cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing AngularJS, javascriptAPI.  ? Used AngularJs to implement rich functionality in various pages: form validation, grid, search, sort, pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced directives, authentication, unit tests, slide pages, users switch etc.  ? Front- end web development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  ? Work in a Visual studio environment using advanced UI web development techniques.  ? Work on small development team to deliver regular updates to project manager.  ? Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.  ? Familiar in writing Custom Directives in AngularJs, making use of Modules and Filters objects according to the application requirement.  ? Used AJAX module to handle RESTful calls to enable communication between view components and servers.  ? Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  ? Developed web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, DOM, jQuery and AJAX.  ? Developed Single page application and structured the JavaScript code using AngularJS.  ? Involved in the implementation of open- source web application frameworks like Bootstrap and AngularJs.  ? Defined new validations through AngularJS for the form field validation implemented through HTML and Used AJAX, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the website.  ? Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycle.  ? working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border , CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Developed page layouts, navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  ? Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validations using jQuery.  ? Created responsive web design using Boot Strap.  ? Managed code with unit tests and GitHub.  Environment: HTML5, XML, JAVA SCRIPT, JQUERY, ANGULAR JS, PHP , NODE.js BOOTSTRAP, HIBERNATE, AGILE, ECLIPSE, TOMCAT, github. Front End Developer Radisys Co - Banglore, IN March 2013 to December 2014 Description: Commercial Information Management System  Radisys Co., was founded on the guiding principle that providing superior communications services at competitive prices helps form the backbone of successful businesses. The commercial information management system was to retrieve data from the client side and displayed them back to the client side. This project also involved in creating and maintaining the webpage to keep track of the updated information.  Responsibilities:  ? Worked directly with business analysts to ascertain requirements and defined projects plan documents.  ? Designed dynamic and browser compatible webpage using HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Worked on both mobile's responsive web design and desktop pages.  ? Created database tables and manipulated data using MySQL.  ? Developed modules to retrieve data using AJAX calls through jQuery method.  ? Applied XML into transferring administration data to the back end.  ? Developed the login system using jQuery validation plugin to validate the fields of the user registrant screen and login screen.  ? Implemented a lightweight customizable jQuery plugin for styled appearance.  ? Resolved Cross Browser Compatible Issues for different versions of IE, Safari, Chrome, Firefox and Opera.  ? Achieved responsive effect on internal test website using Bootstrap.  ? Debug code by using IE tester, Chrome Inspector, Safari Web Inspector.  ? Test code by using Jasmine testing framework.  ? Used GIT as version control application to maintain the update.  ? Optimized images for web page display, and feature item slides using Adobe Photoshop.  ? Maintained page layouts, navigation, presented designs and concepts to the clients and the managements to review.  ? Developed custom web forms a JavaScript.  ? Implemented feedback form.  ? Used simple XML to build/process xml documents.  ? Cooperated with team members to conduct user research with strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills.  ? Front- end web development using JavaScript (Angular js), CSS(CSS3) & HTML5.  ? Write unit tests and automated integration tests using Protractor.  ? Work on a large-scale application that gives business users the ability to create custom apps without knowing how to code.  Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL, Bootstrap, Photoshop, XML Education Online Social Networks Siddhartha Institute of Engineering and Technology - Puttur, Karnataka November 2012 to January 2013 Mathematics, Physics, and Chemistry Sri Chaitanya Junior College - Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh November 2012 Management Siddhartha Institute of Engineering and Technology - Puttur, Karnataka April 2012 to June 2012 Master's in New Jersey Computer Science in Monmouth University B.Tech in Computer Science Siddhartha Institute of Engineering and Technology - Puttur, Karnataka Victory high School OnBase Management System MONMOUTH UNIVERSITY computers and printers GRADUATE ASSISTANSHIP AT MONMOUTH UNIVERSITY LIBRARY Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Languages Core Java, JavaScript, XHTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, Python,XML  Web Technologies HTML5,CSS3,JavaScript,JQUERY,JSON  Databases SQL,RDBMS  Tools Visual studio and eclipse  Build Tools / OS Windows.