UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Wizards of the Coast Renton, WA • More than 4 years of strong development experience in User Interface applications.  • Building Web User Interface (UI) using HTML/HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS/CSS3 and JavaScript, jQuery that follows W3C Web Standards and are browser compatible.  • Solid experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) technologies like AngularJS, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, Node.js, Bootstrap, HTML, XHTML, DHTML, CSS, XAML, XML, XSL, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX and JSON.  • Strong experience in working on modern full stack JavaScript environment like MEAN (Mongo, Express, Angular, Node).  • Expertise in designing Event Handling Models such as Listener and Dispatcher in OO JavaScript.  • Built custom CSS using CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Classes, Pseudo Elements and CSS Behaviours in web pages.  • Experience in working with RESTful Web Services and implementing RESTful API's.  • Experience of working on CSS Pre-processors like LESS and SASS along with JavaScript task runners like GruntJS.  • Experience in taking performance optimization measures for website/web applications to reduce the response times and hence enhancing the end user experience.  • Good experience in writing back- end SQL, PL/SQL queries for fetching data.  • Experience in creating test suites using jasmine and worked on tools like npm, Bower, Grunt, Testem.  • Experienced in using UI editors like Sublime Text Editor, Eclipse,Notepad++ and Aptana Studio.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, JIRA, and Jenkins for maintaining versions across various releases.  • Excellent experience in developing web pages complying with Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and ability to apply W3C web standards.  • Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar.  • Experience working with testing tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or Safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Familiar with cross-browser application Testing, Debugging across desktop and mobile.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance and extensive experience with Agile Methodology.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and trouble shooter with strong attention to detail.  • Quick learner and proficient in solving the technical issues in the project.  • Followed Waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodology of software development, which satisfies the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.  • Involved in the production support of the applications. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Wizards of the Coast - Renton, WA October 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Worked in Agile/SCRUM methodology approach for UI Development.  • Built rich prototypes and applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS, Backbone.js and Bootstrap with Oracle database.  • Worked with AngularJS routers, forms, modules, dom, events, expressions, controllers, filters and HttpRequest.  • Implemented bootstrap CSS in AngularJS for developing rich and responsive UI.  • Used AngularJS Http Request to read data from web servers and process JSON data to render in the UI.  • Worked on Node.js and NoSql data stores.  • Developed Object Oriented JavaScript code and responsible for client side validations using jQuery functions.  • Developed source code to consume JSON response received through AJAX calls using jQuery.  • Coding, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets / libraries for complex UI controls.  • Responsible for JavaScript / AJAX UI upgrades and improvements.  • Performed a lot of DOM operations for loading and manipulating dynamic content on webpages.  • Front- end prototype and theming with Bootstrap, AngularJS, jQuery.  • Developed callback functions to parse and handle JSON data returned from the server.  • Developed all client-side logical implementation part of applications with AngularJS controllers under specific modules, manipulating nodes in DOM tree.  • Implemented test cases and performed unit testing using Jasmine, Grunt and Phantom.js.  • Conducted user testing sessions to solicit feedback on prototypes.  • Managed advanced techniques for single page business solutions and front- end MVC patterns.  • Implemented JavaScript module patterns using asynchronous script loading.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed and prepared test cases for unit testing with jUnit.  • Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags using box model.  Environment: AngularJS, Apache Tomcat, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, XML, MV* Framework, Notepad++, Sublime text, Eclipse, Tortoise SVN, Oracle, SQL Developer. UI Developer Landmark Technologies - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN July 2014 to July 2015 Responsibilities:  • Participated in Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) preparing Requirement Specification documents, design documents, Test cases and Analysis, User Training documents and Technical Help documents.  • Designed and implemented the User Interface using Google's AngularJS MVC framework (JavaScript, HTML, and CSS), jQuery, RequireJS, JSP and Ajax.  • Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRA.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals.  • Used JSP, Servlets and HTML to create web interfaces.  • Developed Java Beans and used custom tag libraries for embedding dynamic into JSP pages.  • Used advanced level of HTML, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout)  • Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Used Ajax extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, jQuery, Web Service call and JSON.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with AngularJS.  • Designed and developed custom jQuery components for the front end client side validations.  • Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML and CSS3.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.  Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, RequireJS, Bootstrap, MongoDB, MS Access, Adobe Flash, MS Office, IE, Firefox, Chrome. Front End Developer Xcelerate Solutions - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN June 2013 to July 2014 Responsibilities:  • Interacted with the client to understand their existing applications and design the site according to their system requirements thereby played important role in requirement gathering.  • Involved in structuring and facilitating Rapid Application Development sessions.  • Designed and developed the front end using HTML, DHTML, and XML.  • Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, table.  • Pseudo elements and CSS3 Border, CSS3 Background, CSS3 Transitions.  • Used JSON for data interchange, as it's faster and can be parsed using JavaScript.  • Extensively worked with JavaScript cookies.  • Developed JavaScript and optimized existing scripts for efficiency.  • Used JavaScript, HTML, and jQuery for forms validations.  • Used the jQuery widgets like Accordion, Date picker, Draggable, Droppable, Resizable jQuery interactions.  • Redesigned user interface HTML frameworks with Bootstrap and refined CSS styling.  • Worked with jQuery UI plug-in like Widgets, Interactions, and Effects.  • Worked on AngularJS, which combines web applications with Model View Controller capability to make development and testing of code efficient.  • With responsive design to create one well-planned site to deliver an optimized experience in context to each device or screen size.  • Worked with jQuery Message plug-in, jQuery Validation Plug-in.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Used Ajax, XML, Http Request to post chat messages and to periodically check the server for new messages and update your chat window.  • Designed graphics, buttons, logos and flash animation for the website.  • Validated the code using W3C Mark-Up validation and also checked for the cross-browser compatibility using Cloud Testing.  Environment: HTML, XHTML, DHTML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSON, DTD, Restful API. Skills AJAX (3 years), ANGULARJS (3 years), BOOTSTRAP (3 years), CSS (3 years), JAVASCRIPT (3 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML, DHTML, XHTML, Bootstrap, HTML5, XML, JSON, CSS, CSS3.  Tools Visual Studio, Eclipse, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Ms Office, Notepad++, Sublime Text Editor  Languages Java, JSP, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX  Source Control tools SVN, Subversion.  Frame Works AngularJS, JavaScript, Backbone.js, ExtJS, jQuery, jQuery Mobile  Operating System Windows 95/98/2000/2003/NT/XP, Windows Vista/7/8, LINUX/Unix, Mac  Servers & Testing Tools WebLogic 10/9, JBoss, Tomcat 7/6/5, WebSphere , NPM, Bower, Grunt, Testem, Phantom.js  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, JIRA. IE Developer tools