Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web Developer - Fidelity Investments Palatine, IL • Around 5 years of experience in developing User Interface (UI) Applications and Professional Web Applications, using: HTML4.01/5, CSS2/CSS3, XHTML, JavaScript, jQuery.  AngularJS, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Extensive programming experience in writing web application programs covering front- end / UI Angular JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX for building rich user friendly, high performance web applications.  • Detailed understanding of Document Object Model and DOM functions.  • Ability to apply W3C web standards in achieving the best cross-browser user experience for sake of long-term user retention and engagement.  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC/MVVM, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) Java Script, JSON, and XML.  • Experienced in client side validations using HTML and JavaScript.  • Good understanding in JavaScript frameworks such as AngularJs, Handlebars, Node.js and JavaScript libraries like JQuery.  • Experience in implementing/consuming RESTful Web Services.  • Used Bootstrap in several web application development projects that required Responsive Web Design and Mobile First Development.  • Expertise in High Charts, Google API, JQuery UI and Bootstrap.  • Experienced in implementing Web Applications using CSS Preprocessor like LESS.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google chrome.  • Experienced in cross-browser issues handling.  • Experience with Firebug for Mozilla and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  • Implemented unit testing using Jasmine, Karma and E2E testing using Protractor.  • Good Experience working with High Traffic Websites.  • Experiences with full Software Development Life-cycle, architecting scalable platforms, object oriented programming, and agile methodologies.  • Experienced working with Bower package manager.  • Experienced working with creating Node CLI commands.  • Used SVN, Perforce, TFS and Git for version management and the workflows associated with them (branching & merging).  • Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser compatibility and SEO / web standards.  • Ability to write clear, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work individually and in team environment.  • Good written and oral communication skills and Interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team members. Work Experience Web Developer Fidelity Investments - Durham, NC April 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Extensively worked on HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, RWD and AngularJS.  • Customizing already existing application using modern technologies like Ionic framework, AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3  • Responsible for modernizing the application.  • Creating mobile applications which are responsive in nature.  • Creating UI components which can be used by any developer across Fidelity.  • Responsible for creating UI components for Fidelity applications  • Responsible for publishing these components to bower (Fidelity internal repository) and make it available to all other developers inside Fidelity.  • Creating the components and publish them as npm packages.  • Responsible for creating Node CLI commands with which user can perform some operations like encrypting, decrypting, package and publish the application from the command prompt.  • Responsible for interacting with backend systems to fetch data.  • Responsible to encrypt the data for making service calls.  • Writing $Http service requests to fetch the data from the server.  • Parsing the JSON data that has been returned back from service call and rendering it to the view.  • Used Directives for the DOM manipulations.  • Used Filters for formatting decimal places and pagination.  • Used Controllers for implementing business logic into the scope.  • Used Dependency Injection mechanism for simpler way of managing the controllers and scopes.  • Working environment included open source development tools, including Node, Grunt, and Bower.  • Followed agile development Methodology.  • Responsible to write unit test cases using Karma-Jasmine.  • Used GIT as version controller.  • Used LESS as pre-compiler to generate CSS.  • Used Cascading Style Sheets in order to separate presentation from the structure.  • Created new directives similar to ionic directives to develop components according to Fidelity styles.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in angular.js, Ionic, CSS and HTML.  • Created Node CLI commands.  • Used chrome Debugger for testing and debugging the application under development.  • Responsible for code optimization and testing across different platforms.  • Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used Grunt as task runner.  • Responsible for creating number of grunt-tasks for "less compilation to generate CSS", "to build application", "to test the application", "to clean the application", and many others specific to application.  • Responsible for creating new grunt task for building the application.  • Involved in user experience sessions and design discussions to enhance the designs and provide input on the layouts.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, Ionic, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON, AJAX, Grunt, Bower, Node.js, Karma, Jasmine, Java1.6, Git, Web Services. Front End Developer AT&T - Dallas, TX July 2015 to March 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the analysis specification, design, implementation and testing phases of Software  • Creating and maintaining UI prototypes and specifications  • Designed and implemented UI using JavaScript, AngularJS, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX, JQuery, DOM, and JSON.  • Used AngularJS in the app for an efficient MVC implementation.  • Developed custom directives, Factories and Services in AngularJS.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) architecture Using Spring at the Web tier level to isolate each layer of the application to avoid the complexity of integration and ease of maintenance along with Validation Framework.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in JavaScript, CSS and HTML.  • Implemented custom validations for forms with the help of angular.js validation.  • Wrote code to implement AJAX based application by fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON.  • Worked with XML and JSON using JQuery and JavaScript.  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML5and CSS3 according to internal standards and guidelines  • Designed and developed the front end in hand coded HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Involved in implementing JQuery for providing interactive user interfaces.  • Created and modified new and existing pages, applied new styles on the pages with the help of JavaScript, spring framework and JQuery.  • Developed custom controllers, custom directives to modularize the code.  • Wrote test cases for both unit testing and end to end testing.  • Used Jasmine, Karma for performing unit testing.  • Used proctractor.js for writing end to end test cases  • Maintaining documents and source code in SVN.  • Designing the flow of the project using Agile Model.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, JSON, AJAX, SVN, Java1.6, J2EE, Oracle 10g, spring. UI Developer Sirnitti - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh April 2012 to January 2015 Project: E-Ticket    Responsibilities:  • Involved in User Interface discussions and evaluations.  • Implemented user-friendly UI design with HTML and CSS.  • Implemented various JavaScript/JQuery effects on the pages.  • Worked with Internal Clients for business objectives, project scope and the requirements of the project.  • Created screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Developed and validated login pages of the network for good using JavaScript and JQuery.  • Worked on version control system, on day-to-day basis to maintain the code history.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Implemented AJAX functionality using JQUERY, JSON and XML.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the on-going project status and issues.  • Widely used optimization techniques in existing code.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows and Mac.  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Tested/De-bugged on browser using Firebug  • Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  • Coded Java Script for page functionality and plugins using JQUERY.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Produced content pages with CSS layout and style markup presentations and used JavaScript methods and properties.  • Understood and applied OOPS concepts thoroughly.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked closely with QA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.    Environment: HTML, CSS, DHTML, DOM, JQuery, JavaScript, SVN, Adobe Dreamweaver, Ajax, JSON, Visual Studio, SQL Server 2005 and MS Office. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology Jawaharlal Technological University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, XHTML, DHTML, XML, Java, JDK.  Languages, Scripts JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, Backbone.js, D3.js, Node.js, PHP.  IDE and Editors Sublime, Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visual Studio, JSFiddle, WebStrom.  Application Server Weblogic9.0/8.x/7.1, WebSphere6.0/5.x.  Databases SQL Server, Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PL/SQL.  Operating System Windows, UNIX, Mac OS.  Other Tools Remedy, Firebug, Chrome Developers Tool, HP Quality Center and Rally.