UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - CCMG Chicago, IL ? Experienced in working on the various phases of Software Development Life Cycle like requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging and maintaining the websites.  ? 5+ years of experience in developing websites using HTML 4.0/5.0, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, Ajax and JSON.  ? Experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSP, JSON, Bootstrap, Backbone and Angular.  ? Strong working knowledge of HTML 5, CSS 3, jQuery, JavaScript.  ? Excellent knowledge in the development of User Experience web and mobile based applications.  ? Used JQuery to develop user interface widgets.  ? Experienced in developing event driven applications using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Worked with the JavaScript frameworks like JQuery and AngularJS.  ? Detailed understanding of DOM and DOM functions.  ? Incorporated the table less design methodology using CSS3 that follows W3C standards.  ? Worked on web applications that required cross browser compatibilities like Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Opera.  ? Involved in several web application development projects that required Responsive Web Design.  ? Good Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.  ? Experienced in client side design and validation using HTML and JavaScript.  ? Used the concepts of Pseudo classes, layouts, positioning, text, border, transforms and padding in the various projects.  ? Knowledge in developing applications using SCRUM methodology.  ? Have good communication skills to discuss the projects with technical and non-technical SME's.  ? Some of the attributes that would describe me would be Team player, Quick learner, Self-Motivated and Strong interest in Front End Development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer CCMG July 2015 to Present Responsibilities  ? Responsible for creating UI components for Principal applications  ? Responsible for modernizing the application.  ? Responsible for publishing these components to Principal's internal applications and make it available to all other developers inside Principal.  ? Used Angular 2 for developing new web applications using Angular CLI.  ? Built Components using Custom and Built-in Directives.  ? Used Typescript for easier and cleaner code.  ? Used Input/Output binding for data flow in the component.  ? Used Anglular's own HTTP library(@angular/http) to make server requests  ? Single page app using routing concept.  ? Solving Data Architecture problems using Observables and RxJs  ? Used Bootstrap to develop responsive webpages.  ? Developed admin console with bar and pie charts with help of D3.js and SVG.  ? Used FEmur(Principal's version of Backbone.js) in the app for an efficient MVC implementation.  ? Dust.js as javascript templating engine.  ? Used Underscore.js for functional programming.  ? Used Airbnb JavaScript style guide (ES6) compiled with Babel.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Used advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, Backbone, Bootstrap, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Responsible for creating Node CLI commands with which user can perform some operations like encrypting, decrypting, package and publish the application from the command prompt.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  ? Used GIT and SourceTree for version control of the codebase.  ? Used Grunt as task runner.  ? Responsible for creating number of grunt tasks for sass compilation to generate CSS, lint, build, test the application, and many others specific to application.  ? Sass was used to add styling to the various components in the Apps.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, underscore.js, dust.js, Angular 2 Backbone.js, Sublime, Visual Studio Code, Grunt, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop, JSON, GIT, SourceTree, MS Office. UI Developer OfficeMax - Naperville, IL February 2014 to March 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Added widgets (bar charts, line charts, pie charts etc.., ) to the Dashboard App with the data.  ? Added filtering mechanism to the Dashboard and Config Apps that would filter all the widgets based on the selected facility or date ranges.  ? Ajax requests were used to get the data from the REST service.  ? Used AngularJS in the app for an efficient MVC implementation:  ? Used Directives for the DOM manipulations.  ? Used Filters for formatting decimal places and pagination.  ? Used Controllers for implementing business logic into the scope.  ? Used PubSystem implementation involving the usage of broadcast () and emit () methods for sending the messages across different controllers.  ? Utilized the Dependency Injection mechanism for simpler way of managing the controllers and scopes.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Used advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, Backbone, Bootstrap, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Was involved in Requirements gathering and Design of the app with necessary updates to the design document after digging deep into the task.  ? Involved in Functional testing of the apps following well defined Test Plans in various browsers like Chrome, Mozilla, Safari and IE.  ? Used GIT and SourceTree for version control of the codebase.  ? Sass was used to add styling to the various components in the Apps.  ? Had Scrum meetings daily where we discuss updates on the task.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS, Dreamweaver CS5, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop, JSON, GIT, MS Office and SVN. Front End Developer Aadi solutions - Hyderabad, Telangana November 2011 to April 2013 Responsibilities:  • Developed web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, jQuery and AJAX.  • Designed and developed the layouts using CSS3, Box model and HTML 5.  • Coordinated with the Business Analysts and conducted feedback sessions with other Associates to understand the requirements of the user interface layout of the web application.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  • Created the logos, images and icons that were used across multiple pages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Defined and developed the presentation layer of the application using HTML 5, CSS3 and Ajax.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Used Ajax to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, XHTML, JSON, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop, JIRA, SVN, MS Office, Visual Studio 2010. Education Bachelors in Computer Science and Information Technology Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Skills ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (4 years), AJAX (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), jQuery (4 years), JSON (4 years) Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, HAML, Sass, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular, Backbone.js, Underscore.js, Dust.js, AJAX, XHTML, XML, JSON.  Languages Ruby, C#, Jav a, C, C++, PHP, MATLAB.  IDE & Editors Sublime, Ruby Mine, Notepad++, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Netbeans, Dreamweaver.  Application Server Apache, IIS.  Database SQL Server 2005, MySQL, Oracle.  Operating System Windows XP, 7, Mac OS, Unix.  Other Tools Adobe Photoshop, Gimp, MS Office, Jira, Firebug, Chrome Developers Tool, Windows Movie Maker.