UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - AT&T Dallas, TX • About 3 years of extensive experience in the field of Web Applications development using HTML 4.01/5, CSS (2/3), JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap3, JSON, Angular 1.X, Angular 2 and TypeScript  • Expert in developing web page quickly and effectively using, HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery Angular 1.X, and Angular 2 also experience in making webpage cross browser compatible.  • Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version control(SVN)  • Extensive Experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON.  • Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.  • Experience in complete Software Product Development Life Cycle.  • In-Depth knowledge/Experience of Web 2.0, JavaScript, JQuery, W3C Standards.  • Experience in using various IDE's, Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Visual Studio and Eclipse.  • Great ability to write clear, maintainable, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code for web development.  • Extensive experience on SASS, bootstrap, GIT and GRUNT.  • Experience Karma, Mocha, Jasmine Unit Testing, responsive web design. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer AT&T - Richardson, TX November 2016 to Present • Responsible for developing all the UI pages using HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular 1.x Angular2, JavaScript, TypeScript, ChartJS, AJAX, JSON and RESTful API.  • Utilized the features of Angular2 to present effective web design.  • Created single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make dynamic by using Angular JS 2 framework.  • Experience in working different changed procedures of Angular 1.x to Angular2 such as, @Route, RouterOutlet, router-link etc.  • Utilized jQuery UI for dialogs, date picker, tabs, model pop ups and advanced components to implement UI model.  • Created Widgets, Dashboards, Charts, login functionality implemented and session handling base functionalities added.  • Created Angular2 components, implemented Interpolation, Input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, RouterOutlet, binding the click event, Component decorator, binding to the hidden property.  • Leveraged Angular2 resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces. Created custom directives for re-usable components (Multi-filed form elements, background file uploads etc.)  • Created/Modified Angular2 components and modules.  • Created graphs using ChartJS and HTML5 UI Developer Hyundai AutoEver America (HAEA) - Irvine, CA June 2015 to September 2016 • Iteratively prototyped and built clean and intuitive user interfaces based on the business requirements.  • Participated in all Scrum ceremonies (Daily Stand-ups, Sprint Planning, Backlog review, Story Estimation meetings, Retrospective and Demo) while implementing the best Agile/Scrum practices based on extensive training.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, AJAX, CSS3, JQuery and Angular JS in ongoing projects.  • Designed (in code) user experiences to help users navigate highly interactive, complex web apps by making our pages fully responsive using Bootstrap3 with AngularJS.  • Utilized responsive web design techniques and standards to mitigate cross-browser and cross-device inconsistencies.  • Used LESS/SASS to organize and make CSS easier to manage in large web apps.  • Used JavaScript to achieve desired user experience and functionality as needed Follow team-established development best practices and coding styles  • Ensured implementations follow web standards, accessibility, and usability best practices.  • Created Single page applications using AngularJS.  • Implemented Model View Controller (MVC) Design Pattern using AngularJS  • Used $http in AngularJS for consuming RESTful web services.  • AngularJS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  • Used $httpProvider with AngularJS interceptors to make sure the requests are authenticated.    Environment:  Environment: AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS, XML, JSP, Eclipse 4.2, SVN, Sublime, Grunt, GIT, SCSS, AJAX. Front- end Developer Pro-Tek Consulting - Encino, CA April 2014 to May 2015 • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) for web application that matches requirements.  • Excellent Coordination in project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and documented properly.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, and CSS.  • Have hands-on experience with MVC on single page applications.  • Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS (2/3), XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features  • Followed MVC Structure to develop Application.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari) on both Windows.  • Coded JavaScript for page functionality and Lightbox plugins using JQUERY.    Environment:  HTML5, HTML, CSS2/3, JavaScript, Tomcat Apache, JQuery, JSP, Oracle, AJAX, SVN Education Psychology Mission College - Sylmar, CA February 2009 to December 2010 Business Administration Pierce College - Encino, CA January 2008 to May 2009