Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Chicago, IL Senior Front End Developer with extensive User-Focused Experience. Around 6 years of constantly learning and successfully developing various interactive projects. Creative, results-driven Front End Developer with advanced expertise in Information Architecture, Wire Frames, User Interface and Design. Great communicator and collaborator with internal team(s), stakeholders and clients. Focusing on client needs requires a technology agnostic approach with consistent learning and integrating knowledge of evolving Technical Skills, CMS platforms, Responsive Design Frameworks, SEO, Social Media, and more into many projects.    TECHNICAL OVERVIEW & SKILLS    5 plus years of Front End Development, including Web Applications, Development including 5 plus years of HTML and CSS, and 3 years of HTML5 and CSS3. 2+ years of AngularJS. 5 years of intermediate experience coding JavaScript, 5 years of jQuery. 2.5 years of Responsive Web Design. 1.5 years of Bootstrap and 1 year of working knowledge of Node.js and other JavaScript Frameworks.    Programming, Languages and Frameworks    • .Net, C#, Angular JS, ES6, NodeJS, HTML5, CSS, LESS, Sass, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP, MySQL, XML, JSON, QUnit, Mocha.    • Bootstrap and other Responsive Design Frameworks and Grids.    User Interface / Information Architecture    • User Interface, Information Architecture, Wire framing, Responsive Design and Mobile First Design.    Content Management Systems including:    • WordPress, Expression engine, Drupal.    Web Development Software Tools    • Atom, Sublime, MS Visual Studio, Balsamiq, Photoshop, Illustrator, Transmit, Git, CodeKit, MAMP, Sublime, TeamSource Foundation. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front End Developer Charles Schwab - Chicago, IL April 2016 to Present •Worked on redesigning & refactoring the complete UI pages code of optionsXpress site solely and worked on enhancements like charts, push notifications system.  •Developed the charts system using Ajax method, JQuery and JavaScript. Chart API’s (built on Signal R method at the backend) were used to fetch the data dynamically and update constantly.   •Designed the Streetsmart central (SSC) site, login page using media queries, bootstrap classes and SASS.  •Worked on Login page functionality using Ajax methods & API services. Registries created at the business logic layer were used, to dynamically update the contact information and footer data.   •Image sprites were in the street smart mobile page for Image slider.  •Worked on the pages like Accounts, saved orders, balances, IRS notifications and popups of SSC.  •Used AngularJS 2 in the app for developing components like tools center in SSC.  •Created Component & Classes in it, for the reusability at different pages.  •Used Typescript and also used Web pack for bundling those typescript files to create the JS file for deployment.  •Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  •Used advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, Backbone, Bootstrap, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  •Interacted with API services created at the backend using JAVA (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  •Debugged the website using Chrome Developer’s tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  •Was involved in Requirements gathering and Design of the app with necessary updates to the design document after digging deep into the task.  •Involved in Functional testing of the apps following the well-defined Test Plans in various browsers like Chrome, Mozilla, Safari and IE.  •Fixed bugs if any.  •Used GIT and SVN for version control of the code base.  •Sass was used to add styling to the various components in the Apps.  •JIRA was used to track and update the stories of the projects.   •Followed Agile Methodology for Scrum meetings daily, where we discuss updates and dependencies on the stories. FrontEnd Developer Central States - Chicago, IL September 2015 to March 2016 • Worked on creating widgets in the Gemfile to be consumed by the Revenue Cycle Analytics Dashboard App using Javascript, JQuery, HAML and LESS.  • Added widgets (bar charts, line charts, pie charts etc.., ) to the Dashboard App with the data.  • Added filtering mechanism to the Dashboard and Config Apps that would filter all the widgets based on the selected facility or date ranges.  • Ajax requests were used to get the data from the REST service.  • Used AngularJS in the app for an efficient MVC implementation:  • Used Directives for the DOM manipulations.  • Used Filters for formatting decimal places and pagination.  • Used Controllers for implementing business logic into the scope.  • Used PubSystem implementation involving the usage of broadcast () and emit () methods for sending the messages across different controllers.  • Utilized the Dependency Injection mechanism for simpler way of managing the controllers and scopes.  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Used advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, Backbone, Bootstrap, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  • Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  • Was involved in Requirements gathering and Design of the app with necessary updates to the design document after digging deep into the task.  • Involved in Functional testing of the apps following the well defined Test Plans in various browsers like Chrome, Mozilla, Safari and IE.  • Fixed bugs if any.  • Used GIT and SourceTree for version control of the code base.  • Sass was used to add styling to the various components in the Apps.  • Had Scrum meetings daily where we discuss updates on the task. UI Developer Aadi Solutions - IN January 2011 to January 2013 • Involved in the requirements analysis, designing, development, testing and maintenance of the websites.  • Developed websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Google Maps API (JavaScript Library), XML and Ajax.  • Created web page layouts using HTML and CSS.  • Design, developed and updated the user interface using CSS, JavaScript and Dreamweaver.  • Performed client side validations over the forms using JavaScript.  • Used Ajax to refresh only certain section of the page and reduce the load on the web server.  • Used Cascading Style Sheets in order to separate presentation from the structure.  • Defined text alignment, borders, positioning and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used Responsive Web Design so that the website is compatible with different devices like desktops, laptops, tablets and smart phones.  • Wrote SQL queries to interact with SQL Server database.  • Used best coding practices and naming conventions while writing code in JavaScript, HTML and CSS.  • The Angular JavaScript framework for building web applications is highly efficient to use with Laravel PHP framework as well as using RESTful services.  • Extensively tested the websites, identified the bugs using Firebug and fixed them.  • Used Adobe Photoshop to edit the images and background.  • Responsible for code optimization and testing across other browsers. Education Master's Skills HTML (6 years), CSS / CSS 3 (6 years), Bootstrap (5 years), Javascript (6 years), JQuery (6 years), .NET (4 years), SQL (4 years), Git (4 years), Less / SASS (5 years), Jquery Mobile / Phone gap (3 years), .Net Web services(API's) (4 years), Angular JS 1,2,4 (3 years), ES6 (4 years) Additional Information Operating Systems / Server--Side / Internet Technology Related    • Windows, Mac, Unix, Terminal    Additional Skills    • Expert Quality Assurance Testing, Cross Browser Testing, Programming for multiple devices, screens and resolutions.    Google Analytics, SEO and other tools    • Strong SEO, Social Media, Google Analytics, AdWords.