Student Assistant Student Assistant Master of Science | Computer Science : Software Developer| Front End Web Developer | Student IT Assistant San Francisco Bay Area, CA Work Experience Student Assistant Library IT, California State University, Eastbay June 2018 to May 2019 • Created, manage and update the database of approximately 150+ loaner laptops in MS Access on daily basis.  • Assist students in library with installing drivers & software and solve network issues.  • Assist students to troubleshoot and issue trouble tickets and resolve problems for them.  • Help students with coding projects and understanding programming concepts of Python and Java.  • Perform ghosting of approximately 300+ desktop computers weekly to increase their performance in a team. Intern, Front End Web Developer IpserLab September 2018 to February 2019 ? Worked as a part of team, Designed and developed website with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, NodeJS.  ? Incorporated UML diagrams for workflow explanations for clients.  ? Wrote the developer level code to build the website according to the request of customer.  ? Resolved browser compatibility, mobile responsiveness issues by rewriting the existing code in an improved manner.  ? Involved in client communication, reiterative process for reviewing Website and updates to project. Software Development Intern Aarav Info Solutions Pvt. Ltd June 2016 to June 2017 • Worked as part of team to design and develop android based application project for local hotel.  • Developed prototypes using Balasmiq and application using Android studio, C#, .NET and MySQL.  • Tested code for robustness; executed edge case, usability, and general reliability analysis. Education Master of Science in Computer Science California State University - Hayward, CA December 2019 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Gujarat Technical University May 2017 Skills MS Office, Microsoft Excel, Documentation, Management, Powerpoint, Java, Python, C++, Asp.Net, swift, Ruby on rails, MySQL, SQL, PostgresSQL, HTML 5, CSS3, Javascript, Wordpress, Jsp, servlets, XML, PHP, AngularJS, NodeJS, JSF, Spring MVC, Amazon Web Services (AWS), EC2, S3, Docker, Software Development Life Cycle, Agile, Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw Certifications/Licenses Python Programming July 2017 to Present Web Component Development with Servlets and JSP March 2016 to Present Programming in Core Java September 2015 to Present Diploma in 'C' January 2013 to Present Business Analysis Fundamentals February 2019 to Present Quickstart AngularJS March 2019 to Present WordPress June 2019 to Present