Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Dallas, TX • Around 5 years of experience with HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular JS, AJAX and JSON.  • Proficient in planning, designing and implementing SPAs using AngularJS.  • Extensive Experience in using angular Modules, Services, Factories and Directives to power up the Angular JS application.  • Worked on responsive web designing (RWD) to create applications that works on different sizes of screen.  • Experienced on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo classes and Selectors.  • Development experience using jQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML to achieve data parsing between pages.  • Experience in database development skills like MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB including experience in database programming using PL/SQL statements, Stored Procedures.  • Skilled in using angular service like $http to GET/POST integration with Java based backend.  • Experienced in various IDEs like Eclipse, Net Beans, Edit Plus, Sublime text, Notepad++, Microsoft Visual.  • Worked with Restful APIs to make calls to both SQL and SQL databases like, MySQL and MongoDB.  • Good Knowledge of end-to- end Testing frameworks like Jasmine, Karma.  • Professional in creating Templates, Mock-ups and Prototypes.  • Familiar with Software development lifecycles (SDLC) methodologies like Waterfall and Agile/Scrum.  • Involved in daily scrum meetings to achieve the sprint targets.  • Excellent analytical, logical programming skills and problem solving abilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Caliber Home Loans - Dallas, TX December 2015 to Present Description:  This project was to develop advanced internal reporting system, which supports the work of compliance analysts and relevant different teams. The system delivers accurate financial and regulatory reports to analysts and allows initiating and following up investigations of potentially suspicious activities. Performed validation of completed work including debugging and testing of code. This project follows agile serum methodology.    Responsibilities:  • Worked on upgrading an e-commerce portal by shifting it from jQuery to Angular JS.  • Created a complete single page user interface using the test driven development methodology.  • Developed User Interaction screens using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS and JSON.  • Worked with Angular JS controller to implement the business logic and add behavior to $scope.  • Developed Angular JS Filters in the view templates for the text manipulation.  • Worked with Angular JS factory and built promises/deferred objects to monitor asynchronous service calls though dependency injection.  • Achieved Angular JS functionalities using angular materials and bootstrap material design.  • Proficiently used custom Angular JS Filters for formatting the data and custom Directives to render the data.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Worked with CSS Icons, CSS Pseudo-class, CSS Pseudo-element, CSS Image Sprites, CSS background and CSS3 Shadows to give some additional effects.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using $http service to fetch JSON contract.  • Experienced in implementing CRUD database operation on such as MongoDB.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  • Worked with Business Analysts for requirement gathering and requirement analysis.  • Created Use cases, ERD diagrams and user flow control.  • Involved in documentation by writing the technical documents for the project. Also part of the presentation team to the company's executives.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, REST APIs, Angular JS, Git, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, Sublime. Web Developer Fiat, Cognizant August 2014 to June 2015 Description:    The company requires to develop a responsive, dynamic website that focus on providing useful information. The goal of the project is to display data according to requirements. This project also involved in creating and maintaining the webpage to keep track of the updated information.  Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed webpages using HTML and JavaScript.  • Experience on working with CSS background, layouts, lists and links, Positioning, Float, Align, Pseudo-class, Pseudo Elements, Dimension, Box model, Texts, Borders, Margin, Padding and Tables.  • Implemented Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Buttons etc. in Bootstrap.  • Designed forms and makes them more interactive with the use of jQuery.  • Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  • Worked with MySQL Queries to retrieve data from the database.  • Implemented data management and manipulation on single web page by using PHP and MySQL.  • Allowed users to view data in grid and implemented edit feature for users with the use of PHP and MySQL.  • Developed image uploading feature and saved its path in database with the help PHP and MySQL.  • Experience on working with AJAX framework for asynchronous data transfer between the browser and the server.  • Developed various diagrams like activity Diagrams, and Use Case diagrams, class diagrams, sequence diagrams.  • Prepared summary of end user requirements and distinguished them in basic and advance level requirements.  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework and used agile methodology to manage full life-cycle development.  • Involved in working with QAs for testing the product Quality.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, MySQL, Agile. Web Developer Malla soft Ltd May 2012 to June 2014 Description:    Firstly, before implementation of the online portal client was using paper files, they were daily writing and updating all the records manually in paper. The web portal which includes login systems for user registration and as a front- end developer, I was working on developing dynamic web pages to search the records and manipulate it.  Responsibilities:  • Used HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to redesign page layouts, navigation, presented designs and the managements to review.  • Created a website using HTML, designed all pages using CSS.  • Handled Browser compatibility issues in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Bootstrap for IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers.  • Produced client side validation through JavaScript.  • Used CSS for the design of Menus, navigation bars, headers and footers.  • Created a responsive GUI using Bootstrap.  • Created database tables and manipulated data using MySQL.  • Wrote technical design documents and detailed design documents based on the requirement specifications.  • Prepared basic flow chart of working web application.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, MySQL, waterfall. Education Bachelor's in computer science Engineering Mallareddy Eng college 2014 Skills BOOTSTRAP (4 years), JAVASCRIPT (4 years), jQuery (4 years), AJAX (2 years), MYSQL (2 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Client-Side Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX and XML  Server-Side Technologies: JSP, Node.JS  Languages: Java, JavaScript  Framework: Bootstrap, Angular JS, D3 JS.  Databases: MySQL and MongoDB (MLab, Firebase).  Editors: Sublime, Notepad++, Dreamweaver