Web/ Front End Developer Web/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web/ Front End Developer - UHG, MN San Ramon, CA ? 5+ years of extensive experience in designing User Interface (UI) applications and professional web applications using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, CSS2/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON AND XML  ? Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) Java Script, JSON, and XML.  ? Good Experience with Responsive Web Design, JSON, AJAX, Angular.JS, Backbone.JS, Node.JS and Twitter Bootstrap.    ? Excellent working knowledge and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers like Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome.  ? Using Pixel-Perfect to the fullest for the sharpest, cleanest look.  ? Experience integrating the third party Social Media Tools provided by web site thereby transforming it into two-way conversation place where registered users can interact directly with the content and each other using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery. Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  ? Implement HTML code for W3C Compliance standard to make the browser effective.  ? Involves in understanding functional specifications and developing creative solutions to meet business requirements.  ? Experienced in Pixel-Perfect to individual pixels as opposed to designing things with all kinds of anti-aliasing and compression artifacts.  ? Skilled at analyzing and solving browser compatibility challenges and possesses ability to maintain consistency and well commented HTML and CSS markup.  ? Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey concepts/requirements between technical and non-technical stakeholders.  ? Experience on working with CSS backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding, Pseudo Classes, Elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  ? Strong proficiency with IA/UX and web usability best practices.  ? Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser compatibility and SEO / web standards.  ? Proven track record demonstrating innovative and unique designing skills, computer proficiency, ability to work in a stressful environment with projects and interaction with every team member. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web/ Front End Developer UHG, MN July 2015 to Present Team Size 12  Environment HTML 4.x,HTML 5, CSS2.x,CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS,JQUERY, React Js, AJAX, JSON, XML, SVN.Q    Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  ? Used Angular JS in developing single page applications.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  ? Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals  ? Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  ? Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    PROJECT DETAILS: Web/ Front End Developer Marvel Softech India PVT LTD April 2014 to March 2015 Team Size 20  Environment HTML 4.x,HTML 5, CSS2.x,CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS,JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, GIT, JIRA, Node JS,BOOTSTRAP    Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with UX team to understand the comps required to design the page and understanding redlines as they provided.  ? Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using JQUERY and JavaScript.  ? Run sonar to eliminate the blockers and major and critical errors.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  ? Successfully involved to develop the MACD pages.  ? Used Angular JS in developing single page applications.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  ? Using React Js to build the small components and smaller surface area.  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  ? Implement HTML code for W3C Compliance standard to make the browser effective.  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    PROJECT DETAILS: Web/ Front End Developer Marvel Softech India PVT LTD September 2013 to April 2014 Team Size 15  Environment  HTML 4.x,HTML 5, CSS2.x,CSS 3, JavaScript, Pneumatic JS(UI -Tool Kit),Angular JS, Backbone JS, Node JS,JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, BOOTSTRAP.    Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with business system analyst to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  ? Wrote application level code to Implement search results page using JQUERY and JavaScript and Angular Js  ? Run sonar to eliminate the blockers and major and critical errors.  ? Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3.  ? Using Angular JS and Bootstrap for developing the TMNGIDM public page.  ? Successfully involved to develop the ID-MASTERLIST and EDITOR-TRAY pages.  ? Used Pneumatic JS in developing single page applications.  ? Developed CSS styles using legacy system colors to implement NCL Version for ID-MASTERLIST page.  ? Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layouts.  ? Wrote JQUERY function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumer facing as well as internal application).  ? Developed the Advance Search Criteria for Search results page and Implement the styles for Class selection popups.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS.  ? Interacted with java controllers (JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to write/read data from back end systems).  ? Used SVN for version control and QC for defect tracking.  ? Develop HTML code for W3C standards.  ? Interacted with Web-services team to implement draft and final and published records.  ? Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals  ? Component level design and defined the usage of AJAX to reuse the network bandwidth efficiently and making feel that the user resides in the same page of our website.  ? Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams.  ? Worked on cross browser compatibility issues and fix the bugs pertaining to various browsers.    PROJECT DETAILS: UI Developer Machinecode Software Technologies PVT LTD December 2011 to June 2012 Team Size 20  Environment HTML 4.x,HTML 5, CSS2.x,CSS 3, JavaScript, Angular JS,JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, SVN.Q    Responsibilities:  ? Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects  ? Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  ? Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including XML.  ? Involved in writing the Properties, methods in the Class Modules and also consumed web services  ? Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  ? Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  ? Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.  ? Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application. Education B.Tech in Computer Science in Computer Science JNT University - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN Skills AJAX (3 years), CSS (3 years), HTML (3 years), JavaScript (3 years), JQUERY (3 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), CSS3, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, JQUERY, JSON, AJAX  Languages C, C++, Java, JavaScript  IDE, HTML Editor Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sublime  Application servers Web Sphere, Web Logic  Database Oracle11g, MySQL, SQL Server  Operating Systems Windows 98,2000,XP, Windows7, Mac OS, Unix  Version Controls SVN, CVS and Harvest.