Front- end Developer in Portal Team <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> in Portal Team Front- end Developer in Portal Team East Brunswick, NJ ? UI developer/ Front- end developer with project experience in financial, health care, e-commerce  industries.  ? Solid knowledge in programming language JavaScript (ECMAScript 5th/6th) and TypeScript  ? Solid knowledge in OOP programming.  ? Proficiency experience in designing and implementing Single Page Application based on MVVM  architecture by applying AngularJS.  ? Proficiency experience in developing dynamic single page application by applying React framework  and manage the states by using Redux pattern.  ? Experience in using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery powered framework like jQuery UI for mock up.  ? Experience in applying NativeScript + Angular2 to develope the Native Mobile APP for android and  IOS platforms.  ? Experience to apply the JW player to implement and enhance the embedded videos, use DRM to  protect the video content.  ? Hands-on experience in creating gulp file to start , test and build apps.  ? Managed the dependency packages by NPM/Bower based on Node.js platform.  ? Hands-on experience in building No-sql database MongoDB  ? Solid experience to request Ajax call to RESTful Service, fetch and distribute JSON data between  client-side and server-side.  ? Solid knowledge on Node.js modules and hands-on experience in building the RESTful API by  applying Express.js.  ? Heavily use Jasmine-Karma to unit test the Angular based web apps  ? Hands-on experience in bundling and deploying web app by using webpack or System.js  ? Hands-on experience on data visualization tools like chart.js  ? Experience in applying CSS3 preprocessors such as SCSS.  ? Solid skill in debugging based on Chrome Developer Tool, FireBug, and Safari.  ? Experience to resolve cross - browser compatibility problems  ? Experience to handle the responsiveness across different client-side medias by using CSS3 Media  Query and Bootstrap Grid System  ? Proficiently apply Git and SVN to realize the version control.  ? Hands-on experience in Web Development tools such as NPM, Bower, Gulp.  ? Proficiency in most popular coding tools such as Notepad++, Sublime Text 3,webstorm  ? Experience to worked under Agile and Waterfall methodology.    ? Strong communication skills to collaborate with technical team, Qual team, functionality analyze  team.  ? Strong problem-resolving ability and comfortable to work under tight deadline. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Front- end Developer in Portal Team Arrow Electronics - Centennial, CO March 2016 to March 2017 Project: My Work Space & Non-b2b Web Application  Skills: Angular 1.5, Angular 2, RxJS, Javascript, Typescript, Node.js, Underscore.js, Crypto.js , Html5, CSS3,  Jquery, Ajax, RESTful API, JSON, SVN, Karma, Jasmine, System.js, Gulp, NPM, Bower, John Papas Angular  Style Guide  Responsibilities:  ? Used Angular 1.5 and Javascript to Implement the Non-b2b which are dynamic Single Page    web applications based on MVVM architecture, follow the John Papas Angular Style Guide    ? Provided maintenance on SNAP Lib (UI) and My Work Space (MWS) apps.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3, jQuery to do the mock-up , make the web application friendly layout,    responsive and beautifully display.  ? Applied the AngularJS framework UI-router to create the multiple nested views.    ? Constructed customer directive, controller , and filter to realize user authorization, data    distribution, app dynamic interactions and generate client-side content.  ? Encrypted the local storages by using Crypto.js  ? Used Ajax and implement the factory services to request and receive JSON type data from    RESTful API , and applied promise and callback to resolve the response data.    ? Used Karma-jasmine test runner to write unit tests for client side coding.    ? Upgraded UI library to Angular2 version by using upgrade-adapter    ? Upgraded MWS web app to Angular2 version and used System.js + Gulp to bundle the app.    ? Applied the RxJS lib to implement observer pattern and subscribe pattern in Angular2 Apps.    ? Committed version control by using the SVN  ? Deployed the web app to DEV, TEST and QUAL box.  ? Resolved the cross-browser compatibility problem of Chrome, Firefox and IE10.    ? Handled the responsiveness by using media queries across different client medias    ? Managed the dependency packages by NPM/Bower based on Node.js platform.  ? Worked closely with the functionality analyze team to fully understand the app functionalities and requirements. Discussed with the Qual team to fix the defects in time.  ? Worked under Agile methodology. Front- end/UI Developer Children's Health Care Agency, New Jersey October 2015 to March 2016 Project: Employee Dashboard Controller Web Application  Skills: Angular 1.5, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongo.js, MLab, Javascript, Node.js, Html5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Jquery,  Ajax, RESTful API, JSON, Git, Karma, Jasmine, Gulp, NPM, Bower, John Papas Angular Style Guide  Responsibilities:  ? Applied Yeoman folder generator to create the project directory and structure.    ? Wrote gulp file to automatically running the tasks, such as minify and uglify the files, build the lib and    js file, compile SASS to CSS, run the unit test and so on.  ? Managed the dependency packages by NPM/Bower based on Node.js platform.  ? Designed and implemented the friendly app's mock up template layout by using Jquery ,    Bootstrap , Html5 and CSS3  ? Implemented the Single Page Application by using Angular and Javascript    ? Applied the AngularJS package UI-router to create the multiple nested views.    ? Applied the AngularJS package UI-bootstrap to create user-friendly UI components like sidebar,    tabs, table, carousel, date picker and so on.  ? Implemented the data visualization by using chart.js lib  ? Used Karma-jasmine test runner to write unit tests for client side coding.    ? Used SASS to build the well-organized CSS files.    ? Used Ajax call to request and receive JSON type data from server-side.    ? Required the Express.js framework from Node.js to build the Sample Restful server APIs    ? Constructed database collections and documents in MongoDB  ? Imported MongoJS Module to connect and interact with MongoDB data in express framework.    ? Used MLab to backup, recover and manage the MongoDB database.    ? Wrote the documentations of sample backend services and deliver them to backend team.  ? Committed version control by using the Git    ? Conducted the bug testing with Chrome Inspector and FireBug, resolved the Cross-Browser  Compatibility  ? Handled the responsiveness by using media queries to make web application fit in different  clients' media screens.  ? Worked under waterfall methodology. Front end Developer Technomax June 2015 to October 2015 Project: EXCHANGE Web Application  Skills: React, Redux, ES6, Node.js, Html5, CSS3, SCSS, Ajax, RESTful API, JSON, GIT, Webpack, NPM, Bower,  Express.js, MongoDB, Mongo.js.  Responsibilities:  ? Used React-Redux framework and ES6 to implement an online shopping website which is a dynamic  Single Page web applications  ? Implement an own UI Components Libs which can be used generically. The lib includes the commonly  used components like form-validation, search-box, search-filter, light-box, sorting and so on.  ? Used HTML5, CSS3 to do the mock-up , make the web application layout reasonable and responsive  ? Applied React-Router to create the router system.  ? Manage all the global states by using Redux through a view-action-dispatcher-reducer-view cycle.  ? Imported Axios package to request the AJAX call and receive the JSON type data from RESTful API  ? Used SCSS to build the well-organized stylesheet files.    ? Configured the Webpack to load, start and bundle the app.  ? Implement the Restful API by using the express middleware  ? Implement a No-sql database MongoDB to store the Object-like documents.  ? Queried and interact with MongoDB through Mongo.js  ? Used MLab to backup, recover and manage the MongoDB database.    ? Committed version control by using the GIT  ? Managed the dependency packages by using NPM/Bower based on Node.js platform. Web Developer Sinopec Group - Tianjin, CN February 2012 to January 2013 Project: Web Portal.  Skills: HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, JSON, Jquery, Javascript, Git  Responsibilities:  ? Created the structure and layout of the web application by using HTML and CSS  ? Used Ajax to access the JSON format data from the server side.    ? Used JavaScript and jQuery to implement the user interface included customer information form,    payment interface, shopping cart.  ? Sent the customer shopping record into server to be processed.  ? Fixed Cross Browser Compatibility issues for Chrome, Firefox, IE, Safari.    ? Handled the responsiveness by using media queries    ? Fixed the bug with the help of the Chrome Developer tool and Firebug.  ? Used GIT to maintain the update and do the version control.    ? Maintained and improved the website until it is stable released. Education Master of Science in Electrical and Computer Engineering Purdue University - West Lafayette, IN Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical Engineering University of Nottingham - Nottingham, UK Skills Javascript (3 years), HTML5 (3 years), CSS3 (3 years), Angular (2 years), React (2 years), Redux (2 years), NodeJS (2 years), ExpressJS (2 years), MongoDB (2 years) Links https://github.com/liang121 Additional Information TOP SKILLS  Programming Language: ES 5th/6th, TypeScript.    Front- end Frameworks: Angular 1.x, Angular2, JQuery, React + Redux, Node.js    Front- end Technologies: HTML5 & CSS3, SCSS, Ajax, JSON, RESTful    Native Mobile App Frameworks: , NativeScript + Angular2    Video Technologies: JW Player    Unit Test Technologies: Jasmine + Karma    Back- end Frameworks: Express.js, Node.js    Database: No-sql (MongoDB)    Dev Tools: Gulp, Git, SVN, Npm, Bower, Webpack, Babel    Libs / Packages: rxjs, Axios , Underscore.js, Chart.js , Bootstrap, System.js, Crypto.js, Dragula.js, font-awesome  Angular-UI.