Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer Tempe, AZ Creative, motivated, and self driven: I enjoy solving problems and coming up with ideal solutions to them. I strive to develop products that are seamless - I put in the work so that users don't have to, whether working alone on a personal project or in a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Cstraight Media - Reston, VA April 2017 to April 2018 - Developed modern front- end code using HTML5, CSS3 (including SCSS), and Javascript (including jQuery/ES6).    - Collaborated with other designers and developers to create responsive websites that meet client objectives and goals.    - Built and integrated custom WordPress themes/templates.    - Created standards-compliant, responsive HTML Emails and templates.    - Developed custom React Components as needed for clients. Front End Developer Hungry Marketplace Inc - Arlington, VA October 2016 to April 2017 - Collaborated with lead developer to build out the front end of our web app (consuming our Rails API) utilizing Backbone.js, React, Redux, JS/jQuery, ES6, CoffeeScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, and native responsive design.    - Built responsive HTML email templates, compatible across native and web based email clients (including Outlook 2000) using Mailchimp and Mandrill.    - Used Ruby On Rails MVC to implement separate, non Backbone.js/React required features such as surveys and certain forms.    - Utilized Git and Github for version control, Capistrano for production and beta deployment, Jenkins for continuous integration, and AWS for server management and asset hosting, and NPM/Webpack for package management and bundling. Front End Web Developer Sustain Creativity - Gaithersburg, MD February 2016 to June 2016 Responsibilities  - Specialized in Front End Web Development utilizing HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery & jQuery Plugins, Ajax, and Json.    - Worked with the Shopify eCommerce CMS and utilized the Ruby templating language, Liquid, to build and deploy eCommerce websites for clients.    - Collaborated with the marketing and design teams to transform PSDs into pixel perfect HTML/CSS.    Accomplishments  Worked with several high profile clients and have built specialized pages which helped them achieve more revenue. One example was a single page "pack builder" page which allowed customers to select the products they want (in various quantities) and dynamically alter their choices. Prior to this customers had to go to a brand new page each time they needed to customize their order (resulting in a page refresh and their orders being restarted), which ended in a high bounce rate.    Skills Used  Custom SPA solution based on JS/JQuery. Web Developer General Assembly - Washington, DC October 2015 to January 2016 -Developed a portfolio of both individually focused and collaboratively focused projects.    -Practiced agile development, test-driven development, pair programming, git team workflows, domain modeling, and UX and product development for developers. Education Web Application Development General Assembly - Washington, DC 2015 to 2016 Web Application Development Self Taught - San Diego, CA 2013 to 2015 Business Administration Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA 2009 to 2012 Skills HTML (3 years), CSS (3 years), Javascript (3 years), JQuery (3 years), Bootstrap (3 years), Ruby (2 years), Ruby on Rails (2 years), Sinatra (1 year), Angular.js (1 year), Node.js (1 year), Backbone.js (Less than 1 year), JSON (3 years), APIs (3 years), PostgresSQL (2 years), SQL (2 years), MongoDB (1 year), Git (3 years), Testing (1 year), RSpec (Less than 1 year), Computer Literate (10+ years), Computer Skills (10+ years), Ajax (3 years), Agile Development (Less than 1 year), Romanian (10+ years), Russian (5 years), English (10+ years), MapBox (Less than 1 year), Leaflet (Less than 1 year), Shopify (Less than 1 year), Ecommerce (1 year), Liquid (Ruby templating language for Shopify) (Less than 1 year), React (1 year), SCSS (2 years), ES6 (1 year), Photoshop (2 years), Sketch (2 years), AJAX (3 years) Links http://dumitrugorgan.com http://github.com/dgorgan https://www.linkedin.com/in/dumitrugorgan