UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - John Deere Des Moines, IA • Over 5+ years of experience in Application and Web development with emphasis on HTML/HTML5, CSS / CSS3, Object Oriented Programming in JavaScript and JavaScript libraries like JQuery and frameworks like AngularJS, EXT JS and Node.JS.  • Experience in developing single page applications using AngularJS.  • Experience in developing web applications using JSP, Spring MVC Frameworks, EJB, Hibernate, JBOSS, JDBC, Java Server Pages, Servlet, Web Services, JavaScript, JavaBeans  • Experience working with JQuery UI, DHTML, XHTML, AJAX, JSON, MySQL, PHP.  • Expertise in building device independent UI designs using both @media queries and frameworks like Twitter Bootstrap  • Extensive experienced working in both AGILE/SCRUM and SDLC based development environment and participating in SCRUM sessions that includes Analyzing, Designing, Coding, Testing, implementation & Production Support.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Yahoo User Interface (YUI) Framework, Dojo, JQuery, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML & CSS3 to develop valid code and table-free sties.  • Experience in designing and building public facing Websites.  • Extensive experience in using IDE's like IntelliJ Idea, Webstorm, Visual Studio, Eclipse, Adobe Dreamweaver etc.  • Hands on Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe-flash, MS Visio and Microsoft FrontPage.  • Experience in designing and presenting multiple concepts and iterations around user interaction models, workflows, wireframes, screen flows, mockups, application prototypes, and requirement gathering to technical mapping.  • Well experienced in debugging websites using Firebug, Fiddler, Google Developer tools.  • Well experienced in project management and bug tracking tools like Bugzilla, JIRA, and ASANA.  • Well experienced in testing frameworks like Karma and Jasmine for productive JavaScript testing.  • 2+ years of experience in quality assurance and unit testing, acceptance testing, integration testing.  • 3+ years of experience in SQL, MySQL, PL/SQL Database Triggers, Cursors, Packages, Stored procedures, Functions and Exceptions.  • 2+ years of experience with HTML 5  • 3+ years of experience with CSS3  • 3+ years of experience with AngularJS  • Experience in resolving cross browser compatibility issues  • Experience in working with HTML Controls, User Controls, Master Pages and Themes.  • Having In-depth knowledge on Photoshop used for designing and creation of the backgrounds, characters, headers, brochures etc.  • Experience of working on CSS Preprocessors like LESS and SASS along with JavaScript task runners like GruntJS  • Excellent experience in Restful Web services and Big Web service development and consumption. (JAX-RS and JAX-WS).  • Able to work independently and in teams with best practices; can manage and handle multiple projects.  • Experience in working with clients on-site, analyzing software requirements and developing solutions and procedures.  • Worked as a part of team in 24x7 production environment and provided on-call and day-to-day support.  • Strong perseverance and diligence towards attaining challenging goals and possess good communication skills and quick learning ability.  • Significant experience in web development tools like APTANA STUDIO, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Photoshop, Flash, Illustrator, Spring Tool Suite, Eclipse, Notepad++ and Firebug.  • Experience in implementing several SEO-related improvements and site-wide logging using Google Analytics.  • Experienced in using Front End editors like Dreamweaver, Espresso, Text Mate, Sublime Text2 and Microsoft Expression Web.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop CS3/CS4, Adobe Fireworks CS3 and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Experience with Browser testing, knowledge of cross-browser/cross-platform compatibility.  • Experience in writing complex database queries, stored procedures, and triggers using SQL, SQL*Plus, PL/SQL. Strong Skills in Database Design, Process and Data Models.  • Excellent knowledge and experience in RDBMS like Oracle, My SQL, MS SQL Server, DB2 and MS Access.  • Experience in using Version control tools like CVS, Clear Case and VSS.  • Experience in Agile methodologies such as Extreme Programming, Waterfall Model and Test Driven Development.  • Adaptive to team environment and also has the capability of completing complex asks independently. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer John Deere - Des Moines, IA August 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  • Build pages using Html5, Css3, JQuery (jqGrid), AngularJS, Grails and queries  • Created the single page applications using Angular JS for financial, health welfare and budget systems to provide the user interface to employees  • Worked closely with fellow designers and developers to build out prototypes and provide support for usability tests  • Involved in rewriting the application from scratch using Html5, Css3, JQuery (jqGrid), AngularJS, Grails and queries  • Designed the screens to enhance the performance of existing project  • Integrated the AngularJS application with the RESTful web services.  • Developed applications in AngularJS, JSON, and deployed into development, Test and production environment successfully  • Worked on the MVC architecture of AngularJS in developing the apps, controllers and directives which are totally customized to meet the needs of the application  • Implemented different types of validation across the website.  • Thorough MVC Application Design and Build with Groovy on Grails and React JS.  • Design, develop and test HTML, CSS, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for auto loans.  • Solid understanding of React Virtual Dom Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  • Implemented and design the application to interact with server for getting the Ajax response of jqGrid Data  • Used Node JS for heavy DOM manipulation.  • Developed user interface using JSP, JSP Tag libraries, Java Script and Node.js.  • Developed responsive applications using Bootstrap.js, Node.js, which allowed the same application to be optimized for both mobile and desktop resolutions.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Refactored Code to solve the JIRA Issues faced by Customers and enhanced the performance by providing reference to static and dynamic pages  • Involved in creating Angular Directives to improve the page loading performance.  • Implemented query functionality while mapping front end code to backend by a priority of native SQL, HQL , GORM Queries.  * Worked on IntelliJ IDE as a local environment and familiar with GIT.  * Experience with User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Accessibility Testing.    Environment: HTML5, GSP, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS, React JS, Node.js, Restful APIs, SQL, HQL, GORM, Grails, Apache Tomcat Server, Unit Testing, IntelliJ IDE, GIT GUI, Jenkins. Front end UI Developer EC info systems - Uniondale, NY January 2015 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Created Prototypes and Mockups using Rapid Prototype Software tool Axure RP.  • Refactoring the code with Angular Js and created a new modal Templates by using ng- show and ng-hide in-built directives.  • Worked on URL history by using $location Service parses the URL in browser address bar and made available to the AngularJS Applications.  • Built pages using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, HTML/HTML5 and Angular JS.  • Worked on various servicing AngularJS applications like Home, Auto Loan, Credit Card, Employment, Fraud, Payments, Transactions and solved the issues faced in the development application website.  • Designed heavily, web-based version of data management application, which improved usability while incorporating new features.  • Contributed usability enhancements and made general improvements to functionality and information architecture  • Design and Development of web applications using recent technologies including but not limited to React JS, AngularJS.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Built components library, including Tree, Slide-View, Table Grid.  • Making changes to the existing web applications using React JS and creating new components using Material-UI and Material-Design.  • Worked on JavaScript framework (Backbone, Node.js) to augment browser based applications with MVC capability.  • Developed JSP's and HTML, CSS and a part of presentation layer using JavaScript and NodeJS.  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Created a new AngularJS, HTML5 and UI Rich Client Applications to enhance the performance of Scratch applications  • Integrated with Backend code Java, Restful Web Services, View Models for single page applications using Ajax  • Designed and developed a RESTful web service that supports JSON for other developers to access to speed up development within the Cash Call using Spring MVC, Spring Web Services  • Mapping front- end code with the Spring MVC annotations@Request Body and@Response Body to implement smart object serialization and deserialization  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and auto complete form validations.  • Used jQuery for interaction between JavaScript and HTML.  • Worked with the design of the templates and skins in CSS3.  • Redesigned the existing conversation module with AngularJS according to the client requirements.  • Involved in implementing the complete Application in the in-build MVC Architecture with Angular JS.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, AngularJS, React JS, Node JS, Restful APIs, Spring MVC, Bootstrap Twitter Framework, Apache Tomcat Server, NetBeans IDE, GIT Lab, Jenkins Front end UI Developer People Tech Pvt Ltd - ANDHRA PRADESH, IN March 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Actively participated and mentoring in requirements gathering, analysis, design, and development and testing phases.  • Responsible for providing user interface design for Web-based products including dashboards, widgets etc.  • Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5, Bootstrap, AngularJS, AJAX and JSON.  • Used AngularJS to develop a single page application.  • Build large-scale web applications and mobile-first websites using JavaScript, React, AngularJS  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using responsive design and media queries.  • Used RESTful web API's for service calls on pages to interact from the server to the client for information.  • Rapid prototyping of design concepts.  • Experience with AngularJS in two-way data binding.  • Utilized various JavaScript, EXT JS and AngularJS frameworks, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Involved in designing and developing the JSON, XML Objects with MySQL.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen mock-ups, and interface design specifications.  • Developed HTML parsers and then build the DOM tree to split out the XML document.  • Developed the application with HTML 5.0, DHTML and XHTML for widgets alignment.  • Designed User Interface framework using Java Server Faces (JSF 2.0), Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), JSON, XML and AJAX.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML5/CSS3 &JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Created HTML5 and CSS from Photoshop mockups. Developed mockups and prototypes using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like AngularJS.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Designed the User Interface using use case diagrams, class diagrams, and sequence diagrams as a part of Design Phase using Rational Rose.  • Developed JavaScript functions to make AJAX calls to Google analytics visualization API to render the graphs.  • Used Google analytics reports, optimized the page load time for the pages that had heavy traffic and improvised those pages using CSS.  • Designed wireframes and mockups for new web interface for a network analysis virtual appliance.  • Developed a core component of Analytics with AngularJS.  • Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, DOM, XHTML, AJAX, CSS3 and  JQuery in ongoing projects.  • Conceptual GUI development with GUI developers  • Implemented Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) using JMS for sending and receiving messages while creating web services.  • Developed XML documents and generated XSL files for Payment Transaction and Reserve Transaction systems.  • Worked on AJAX to develop an interactive Web Application and JavaScript for Data Validations.  • Used Subversion to implement version control System.  • Used Front- end JS libraries like JQuery, AngularJS, worked on visualization/charting solutions like D3.  • We used JavaScript D3.js library as pre-built JavaScript functions to select elements, create SVG objects, style them  • D3.js also used to add transitions, dynamic effects or tooltips to them.  • Worked on HTML, CSS, and JQuery for designing and implementing custom CQ5 components.  • Extensive use of CQ tag libraries and custom tag libraries in components.  • Develops the Responsive design to make the portal compatible with Mobile/Tablets/PCs/MAC by defining media queries.  • Expertise in implementing the EXT js frameworks and MVC frameworks.  • Used YUI library for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such as DOM scripting, HTML, AJAX.  • Manage product development from inception to launch: analyze benchmarks, gather requirements, create wireframes, and develop roadmap.  • Implemented Restful web service in YUI Grid Data and YUI Menu  • Used AGILE methodology for the software development that includes Analyzing, Designing, and Coding, Testing, implementation & Production Support.  • Responsible for maintaining and authoring of website functionality with JavaScript, HTML, Bootstrap.  • Worked on so many Cross Browser Applications items in IE7, IE8, IE9, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Tablets, and Mobile responsive.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, AJAX, SOAP, DHTML, JSF, JSON, XML, XSL, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Backbone.JS, AngularJS, WSDL, SQL, Windows. Front End Developer ZENSOFT Technologies - ANDHRA PRADESH, IN August 2011 to February 2013 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP/JSON, XML and XSLT.  • Worked on various mobile frameworks like JQuery mobile.  • Responsible for designing mobile applications.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).  • Responsible for developing various static and dynamic modules which are displayed in different web pages according to the specifications.  • Developed and designed XML Schemas to transport and store data. XML was used to simplify data and allow for Platform Changes, as well as making data more available across the applications distributed platforms.  • Extensively used XSLT to transform XML documents to HTML.  • Wrote custom JQuery plugins and developed JavaScript functions to build a bleeding-edge, AJAX-driven user interface.  • Extensively used JQuery plugins like jcarousellite and mouse wheel for creating scrollable menus.  • Worked on JQuery Light box for creating image and video galleries.  • Implemented dynamic page elements and form error validations using JAVASCRIPT.  • Embedded the flash content into the web pages using SW Object.  • Created AJAX calls to exchange (request / responses) information with database.  • Developed social network services for user interaction using Ajax, JavaScript, CSS and DHTML.  • Used Subversion (SVN) as a repository tool and as a version control.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JSP, JSON, AJAX, DOM, Aptana Studio 2.0, Eclipse, Sub Version. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX, JQUERY, JSON, Apache, PHP and GUI.  JavaScript Libraries: Knockout JS, Backbone.JS, AngularJS, node.js,React JS.  XML Technologies: SAX, DOM, DTD, XSD, XML, XSL/XSLT.  Distributed Technologies: RMI, Web Services.  Databases: Oracle 10g/11g/12c, DB2, SQL Server, MY SQL.  Web Servers: Apache TOMCAT, Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache server J Boss 4.3.2 GA.  Tools: ANT, Junit, Cruise Control, maven  IDE: Eclipse, Eclipse RCP, Dreamweaver, Firebug, Developer Tools, Edit plus, Web Strom, WSAD.  Application Server: BEA's Web logic, IBM's Web Sphere, J Boss 4.3.2 GA, Apache Web Server.  Wire Frame Tools (wire frame) Adobe Illustrator CSS3 (basic idea on wire frame and visual design).  Debugging Tools: Firebug, Bugzilla, (internet explorer)