Front End UI developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">developer</span> Front End UI developer Edison, NJ ? Having 5+ Years of IT Experience Seeking a challenging opportunity in a dynamic corporation in the area of software development and maintenance.  ? Knowledge in Object Oriented Software Analysis & Development of enterprise systems using .net Technology in IT industry.  ? Good Verbal and Communication skills, ability to work as an individual and as a part of a team.  ? Knowledge in development of web based applications utilizing JSP, HTML and Web Services.  ? Knowledge in HTML/HTML-5, DHTML, CSS & JavaScript.  ? Knowledge in JavaScript Libraries JQuery, Angular.js.  ? Utilized XML, writing SQL queries, concept using RDBMS Technologies ( SQL Server and MS Access)  ? Working on implementing JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Working on cutting edge front- end technologies/ framework and libraries like jQuery, Prototype, HTML, XHTML, DHTML, JSON, DOM, CSS.  ? Good Knowledge in Bootstrap and WordPress.  ? Worked on different DATABASE like SQL server, MY-SQL.  ? Working on different IDE tools like Eclipse, Notepad++, Sublime Text, WebStorm, NetBeans and Visual Studio.  ? Working with different type of operating system like Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10, MAC OS. Work Experience Front End UI developer Winesking.com June 2015 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner by using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  ? Used CSS, HTML to make effective and cross-browser compatible front- end pages with attractive and easy to use functionalities.  ? Extensively used AJAX calls to send parameters and fetch data based on the user-triggered events.  ? Developed non-functional HTML, CSS pages from the mock ups and involved in UI review with UI architect and Business Units.  ? Developed GUI using JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, AJAX, CSS3 and jQuery in ongoing projects.  ? Created Mock-up designs and developed various functionalities with JavaScript and jQuery.  ? Developed print functionality and download to Excel functionality.  ? Fixed bugs in the production and carried out Unit Testing for the developed functionalities.  ? As part of testing, prepared effective Test Scripts for each of the developed functionality.  ? Worked with the team of architects to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, XHTML, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Angular JS,  Adobe Flash, SQL, Oracle, Windows. Front End UI Developer Luxire.com March 2014 to April 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including AJAX controls and XML.  ? Design development of presentation layers using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery  ? Used JavaScript and jQuery for validating the input given to the user interface.  ? Developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  ? Developed the complete HTML, CSS and JavaScript of the pages with emphasis on performance, accessibility (AA) and SEO standards.  ? Implemented Performance Tuning to make the pages load fast and in an effective way.  ? Implemented AJAX to speed up web application.  ? Performed extensive unit testing ( end-to- end) and prepared detailed test scripts as part of it.  ? Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and DOM.  ? Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop.  ? Used jQuery extensively for event handling, DOM manipulation and cross-browser compatibility.  ? Worked closely with Technical Development Manager to help track, prioritize, estimate, and recommend resources for all Technical Development Team projects.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSP, AJAX, XHTML, DOM, XML,  Adobe Photoshop, MySQL, Oracle, Windows 7/8. Front End UI Developer Oadie LLC December 2012 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Involved in Analysis, Design, Development, Integration and Testing of application modules.  ? Wrote several HTML5&CSS3 based web applications at the standalone level and integration level  ? Used Angular for migrating the legacy based web application written in jQuery  ? Wrote several Angular controllers, services and directives to achieve the migration  ? Experienced in creating the single page application (SPA)  ? Built UI interfaces using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Angular JS.  ? Followed AGILE/ SCRUM methodology.  ? Involved in preparation of design strategy documents for all the impacted methods and for new functionality.  ? Implemented UI using JQUERY, AJAX and EXTJS, JavaScript, XML, JSON for interactive cross browser functionality and complex user interface.  ? Involved in the application development using Spring MVC module.  ? Developed several pages using HTML, JQuery and JavaScript.  ? Used various libraries of JavaScript like JQuery  ? Used JQuery to make AJAX calls.  ? Involved in developing web services usingRESTful API.  ? Used Hibernate as Object Relational (OR) Mapping Tool for the backend data persistency.  ? Developed reusable UI components using Angular JS frameworks.  ? Responsible for coordinating with testers during system testing.  ? Designing the web client by using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX  ? Defect fixing activity as a part of system testing phase.  ? Defect fixing activity as a part of User Acceptance phase.  ? Involved in the development of test cases for the testing phase.  ? Involved at the time of deploying the code in production environment and do the functional check out.  ? Involved in merging the code into different stages like Development to System Testing, UAT, Staging and Production using the Sub Version Controlling tool.    Environment: Eclipse, Apache Tomcat, HTML5, CSS3, XML, Ajax, Java Script, Jquery,  Bootstrap, SQL/PLSQL, Angular JS, JUnit, REST API Web Developer Generic Solutions India Pvt Ltd June 2011 to August 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for design and development of web pages using HTML, CSS including AJAX controls and XML.  ? Developed UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript validations and XML.  ? Coordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  ? Implemented applications in JavaScript. Developed portals for implementing health care benefits of the employees.  ? Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS.  ? Designed, developed and updated User Interface Web Forms using CSS, HTML and JavaScript.  ? Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  ? Responsible for developing, editing, publishing and managing content on the external Web pages and internal layouts.  ? Used Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) in web pages to separate presentation from structure. Defined text alignment, size, borders and many other typographic characteristics.  ? Performed client-side validations using JavaScript.  ? Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application. Tested/De-bugged web browser using Firebug.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, XHTML, JQuery, AJAX, Windows XP. Education Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Science Gujarat Technological University - Gujarat, IN Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, DHTML, XML, XHTML, XSLT, PHP, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Apache  JavaScript Libraries: JQuery, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Node.js  Version Control: SVN  Debugging Tools: Bugzilla, ALM QC  Languages: VB Script, C, Java, Java Script,  Frameworks: Spring, Struts MVC, Hibernate.  IDE & Tools: Eclipse, Aptana Studio, CODA, Notepad++, Sublime, HipChat, Git, NPM, Bower, Gulp  Operating System: Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7, MAC OS X