Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - Cigna Bloomfield, CT • Having over 5 years of work experience in Front- End Development using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Media Queries, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, ES6, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, ReactJS and, Redux.  • Have a great understanding of Document Object Model.  • Worked on ReactJS Virtual DOM and React views, Rendering using components that contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Used ReactJS to create Responsive Webpages which can be compatible with all the major browsers.  • Created React Components using Redux for Unidirectional data flow.  • Proficient with next-generation ES6, HTML5, CSS3 with CSS pre-processors such as SASS and LESS to create clean and organized code.  • Utilized the powerful new features of ES6 such as Arrow Functions, Literals, Promises, Classes and, Modules in React components.  • Working experience with Front- End Development Task Runners such as Babel, Webpack, NPM, Gulp and, Grunt.  • Experience in configuring Webpack to gain optimum efficiency from the application by Bundling and Minifying the JavaScript source code and dependencies.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make Asynchronous calls for the project server to fetch data.  • Strong knowledge of using React Routers and ternary operators to switch between components and create Single Page Applications.  • Experience in integrating RESTFUL APIs and Web Services with applications.  • Experience creating test cases for Unit Testing using Jest and Enzyme for React applications.  • Experience working in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) like Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing, Debugging and Maintaining the Application.  • Working experience on different projects based on Agile, Waterfall and, Scrum Methodology and used Version controls such as Git and SVN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- End Developer Cigna - Bloomfield, CT September 2018 to Present Cigna is a worldwide health services organization located in Bloomfield, CT. I was responsible for creating an HR application based on employee perks. The application allows the employers to get discounted insurance for their employees and let them keep track of it. It also allows to add family members and invite others in the plan.    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with team members to create Consistence, Maintainable and, Reusable code to design new Software Systems or updating existing systems.  • Created a Mobile-Friendly user application using Bootstrap and Flexbox techniques.  • Used ReactJS to create new UX features based on design team's wireframes and mockups.  • Created Single Page Application using React Router.  • Utilized ReactJS for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and Render Efficient web app using REDUX.  • Involved in creating application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful web services using AJAX, JSON  • Worked closely with back- end group to execute AJAX call to REST APIs and update the dynamic functionality of HTML in ReactJS.  • Integrate with various databases for retrieving the data in the form of JSON using AJAX.  • Used SASS pre-processor and its features such as Functions, Nesting Variables, Interpolation and, Mixin for better organization of code.  • Implemented CRUD Operation making Axios calls to databases through predefined endpoints.  • Implemented Redux-Thunk as a Middleware for making Asynchronous Requests, Logging Actions, Error Reporting and for Dispatching new Actions to Reducer.  • Performed Unit Testing using the open-source tools Jest with Enzyme.  • Worked on the Agile Methodology and used Scrum in implementing the project.  • Shown excellent skills in collaborating with team members using tools like Slack and JIRA.  • Shown great skills working with Version Controls in order to cope with daily workflow. Front- End Developer The Bouqs Company - Marina del Rey, CA January 2018 to August 2018 The Bouqs Company is an online flower retailer that delivers flowers fresh from eco-friendly, sustainable farms to doorsteps nationwide. I was involved in an on-going Inventory Management System application which keeps track of available flowers, available farms for specific flowers, availability of flowers in specific city or town. The internal IMS is directly connected to the user-facing website so that user gets to know what is available for them.  Roles & Responsibilities:    • Implemented Single Page Application using all the next-generation technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, React Routers and, Redux.  • Concise and Organized a large scale of existing code using reusability feature of ReactJS and New features of ES6.  • Created and implemented custom CSS Grid System with CSS Media Queries for Mobile-Friendly web applications.  • Tailored user experience by bridging the gap between graphical design and the back- end developers.  • Worked actively in building out a dynamic and productive development organization and continuously improving practices and methodology.  • Used SASS pre-processor for organizing the CSS code.  • Maintained quality and ensured Responsiveness of application for both mobile and desktop.  • Maintained software workflow management with project management tools like JIRA and ensured daily pull and push requests on Git for every ticket. Front- End / UI Developer Levi Strauss & Co - San Francisco, CA October 2016 to December 2017 Levi Strauss is a clothing company known worldwide for its Levi's brand of denim jeans. I was responsible to create and maintain a customer complaints application which allows customers to give feedback about the store and the services they received. The application was mainly used in Asia continent.    Roles & Responsibilities:  • Developed components like message posting and auto-complete form valuations using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, JSON, AJAX.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript code for client-side presentation and data validation within forms.  • Responsive web design was implemented in the application using Bootstrap and Media Queries.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using React  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using Axios, AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Created and maintained UI prototypes and specifications in applications using WebFlow.  • Demonstrated ability to complete projects in deadline-oriented environments.  • Used SVN as Version Control and JIRA as a Bug-Tracking system. Front- End Developer Flipkart - Bengaluru, Karnataka February 2014 to August 2016 Roles & Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing web-pages using Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, CSS3 and HTML.  • Performed maintenance updates and adding new features on existing websites.  • Used JavaScript for validations and passing attributes from one screen to another. Used Validator Framework to control page layout.  • Worked closely with senior developers, product managers, system architects, and the QA team to deliver optimal designs and software to meet and exceed expectations.  • Used data tables, table plugin for jQuery, to display the data in tables along with pagination.  • Used jQuery to write JavaScript code and simplify AJAX calls and DOM manipulations. Education Bachelor's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, FRONT-END, Git, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, React, Front End, CSS3, Angular Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Front- End Technologies HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, AJAX, JSON, ReactJS, Redux  Libraries jQuery, Bootstrap, Semantic UI, ReactJS, Redux  Build Tools Webpack, NPM, Babel, Grunt, Gulp, Bower, SASS, LESS  Testing Jest, Enzyme  SDLC Agile, Scrum, Waterfall  IDEs / Tools Visual Studio Code, Brackets, ATOM, Sublime Text, Git, SVN, JIRA