Front- End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Developer - Goldman Sachs San Francisco Bay Area, CA • Software Engineer with 6 years strong experience in the field of Web Application Development, User Interface development, web User interface analysis.  • Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML5/XHTML/XHTML-MP, CSS3, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers)  • Experienced in React JS and working with React Flux architecture. Active usage of React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Experience in working in Node environment using Node.js, NPM modules, Grunt, Gulp, Bower and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON, integrate between different applications and services  • Experienced in working with Redux architecture using complex Object-Oriented concepts in improving the performance of the websites.  • Expertise in using Angular JS Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.  • Integrated web applications with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)  • Extensive experience working with JavaScript libraries, especially jQuery  • Extensive knowledge in developing single - page applications (SPAs).  • Good experience on customizing CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processors LESS or SASS and Compass.  • Knowledge on web debugging tools (Firebug, Fiddler debugging tool) and used integration Testing frameworks and libraries like Jasmine, Mocha and Karma for Angular JS and Node JS. Experience in working with databases like MongoDB and MySQL  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, Subversion and CI/CD implementation using Jenkins. Used JIRA solution as bug tracking solution.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC with Agile and SCRUM.  • Ability to work effectively while working as a team member as well as individually.  • Excellent communication and Inter-Personal Skills, well organized, goal oriented. Work Experience Front- End Developer Goldman Sachs - San Francisco, CA October 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Implementing stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Developing UI components, analyzing and fixing JIRA tickets for Marcus web interfaces.  • Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  • Using ES6 and JSX with react for component development with ReactJS.  • Using Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Using Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Creating and using Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  • Developing templates/components using CRXDE and deploying on AEM.  • Using Maven scripts to build application and used Jenkins CI server to deploy.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, Chrome and Safari).  • Implement unit testing using Jasmin and Karma testing frameworks.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  • Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  • Working in Agile SDLC, participating in daily scrum meetings, story discussion, story points and in sprint planning.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SAAS, Bootstrap, ReactJS, Adobe Experience Manager, Python, Karma, Jenkins, Jira, Maven, QA, SVN, GIT Front- End Developer AT&T - San Ramon, CA June 2016 to September 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed UI pages of SPA (Single Page Application) with Javascript, AJAX, jQuery, Bootstrap JS, HTML5, DHTML, CSS3 with Sass, npm modules by given wireframes.  • Created basic reusable form fields (text, radio, select, typeaheads, buttons) using ReactJs  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Responsible to Style, look and feel of the web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variable, mixing, operations and functions.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Handled cross browser/platform compatibility issues (IE, Firefox, and Safari)  • Integrated REST web service calls to get data from response and display them on UI.  • Performed usability testing and Unit Testing and Regression Testing of WebApplication.  • Experience in using GIT for pulling and committing the developed content from/to the GIT repository.  • Used express middleware to manage request-response cycle and route management.  • Worked with JASMINE unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Good experience of debugging JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 code.  • Created images, logos and icons that are used across the web pages using AdobePhotoshop.  • Done the design, development and testing phases of Software Development using AGILE methodology and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  Environment:NodeJs, ReactJs, SCSS, JIRA, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Adobe Photoshop, Express, SQL, Jasmine, Karma, Bootstrap, GIT Front End Web Developer Tata Consulting Services - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2013 to May 2016 Responsibilities:  • Developed the front- end components using AngularJS Framework that leverages classical Model View Control (MVC) architecture. Designed User Interface using with HTML5, JQuery, CSS3 and SASS.  • Involved in the developing functions to acquire data from API server using AJAX. Developed and designed new cross-browser accessible interfaces by JavaScript, Bootstrap.  • Defined technical requirements based upon the project. Day to day tasks related to website maintenance such as updating the content, updating the look and feel.  • Developed clickable prototypes using HTML, DHTML, Photoshop, CSS and JavaScript. Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug. Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Strong knowledge in Bootstrap and Responsive Web design.  • Strong experience with JQuery, and it's plugins (Validator, Drag and Drop, AutoComplete), AJAX, Dynamic HTML (DHTML) and JSON.  • Experience in working MVC Architecture and also in using version control (SVN).  • Used Jasmine and Karma to run unit testing for the project. Developed innovative internal solutions for the communication between employees, clients, software engineer and manager.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS 1.x, NodeJS, Express, jQuery, SQL, Karma, Jasmine, SVN Education Bachelor's Skills VISUAL STUDIO, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP, Front End, Angular, UI, Front-End, React Additional Information Technical Skills:  Languages JavaScript (ES5, ES6), Typescript, SQL, PL/SQL, Python  Debugging Tools Fiddler, Google Chrome Web Debugger/ developer Tools.  Frameworks ReactJS, Angular 2/4, AngularJS 1.x,  Web Technologies  HTML, XHTML, HTML 5, Cascading Style Sheets 3 (CSS3), JavaScript, XML, JSON, AJAX, JQuery, Bootstrap, Angular Js, Angular 2.0, TypeScript, Nodejs.    Design Tools Adobe Experience Manager(AEM), Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks, Dreamweaver.  Wireframing Axure, Balsamiq, Illustrator, Adobe Xd.  Testing tools Karma, JUnit, Jasmine.  Databases MySQL, Mongo DB.  IDEs Eclipse, NetBeans, Atom, WebStorm, Dreamweaver, Visual Studio Code.  Version Control SVN, GIT