Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Developer - KCG Group North Arlington, NJ • 5+ Years of experience as a front- end UI developer in analysis, design, development and testing of web applications.  • Highly proficient in key UI technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular JS, Angular 4, and Bootstrap  • Expertise in writing object-oriented JavaScript and DOM manipulation.  • Solid working experience developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using AngularJS.  • Proficient in working with JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, and Angular 4.  • Experience in working with CSS frameworks like Bootstrap, Foundation as well as understanding CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.  • Experience designing and developing intuitive, interactive and user-friendly dashboards for enterprise applications.  • Strong experience in Responsive Web Applications using CSS3 Media Queries and CSS Bootstrap for different layout according to the user's device.  • Hand-on experience in using Angular UI Router to create the routing structure for different pages, and data parsing and transmission between different states of the application.  • Good understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates using AJAX.  • Knowledgeable with JavaScript design patterns, and web services.  • Working knowledge of Java, Node.js, Tomcat, SOAP, REST and RESTful API.  • Good knowledge in JavaScript testing tools like Karma and Jasmine.  • Understanding of relational database concept and experience in using databases like MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle and writing SQL queries, stored procedures.  • Fluency test driven development, code reviews, error handling strategies for client-side errors.  • Knowledge of building tools like Grunt, Gulp and package management tools like Bower and Yeoman.  • A self-motivated team player with outstanding interpersonal skill and ability to manage multiple tasks in a dynamic, fast-paced environment based on agile methodology.  • Willingness and ability to learn and implement new technologies wherever necessary. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer KCG Group - North Arlington, NJ, US March 2018 to Present Project is for designing corporate banking services. This application has multiple modules which are Financial Budgeting, Revenue Forecasting, Compensation Planning, Capital Expenditures and Costs, Reporting and Revenue Projections. Reporting module allows users to comment on and analyze revenue data in real-time. It also helps to calculate anticipated outcomes, predict risk, and report on past numbers.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with web designers to develop user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based System, private start-up Environment.  • Using Photoshop to change unique picture support the app.  • Using sketch to create prototype for the layout.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using AngularJS MVC framework.  • Developed the application use Component based React framework.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using Angular 4 web component based.  • Worked on front- end pages using HTML5, CSS3, Object Oriented JavaScript, Angular Material.  • Used AngularJS UI Router to establish routing between nested html views.  • Used React UI Router to establish routing between views.  • Used HTML5 and AngularJS to format the input forms and handled the input validations.  • Apply animation when an event happened using Angular.  • Using AngularJS created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations and to display data.  • Built factories to utilize Angular services such as $http and $resource to consume the RESTful APIs for data parsing from the Java based backend server.  • Involved in Design queries to the back- end MySQL database to implement the GET / POST functionality for JSON contracts.  • Worked on the optimization of the CSS files using CSS preprocessors SASS.  • Worked with the Bootstrap Grid structure and the CSS media queries to make the application responsive (RWD).  • For easy debugging used testing frameworks Karma and Jasmine and followed the TDD to develop the entire application.  • For SEO check keywords in URL, Meta Description any Potential porting in TDD.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Using Node to connect with Mongo DB for create, read, update, delete, implement the base functionally for CRUD.  • Used GIT for version control and simultaneous code implementation.  • Assisted business analysts to figure out the technical aspects of the project and later analyzed the requirements to design the application.  • Using DASH to hold the steam video.  • Worked in Agile methodology and attended daily Scrum meetings to access the current progress in a Sprint.  Environments: PhotoShop, Sketch mockups, Angular 4, angular stream API, Bootstrap, HTML, HTML5, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, GIT, Node.js, Redux, SASS, Linux, Agile, JSON, RESTful. Front End Developer Marriott International - Bethesda, MD, US October 2016 to February 2018 Project is for designing and developing web-based and mobile based platform for B2B hotels, including customer online booking, rates and availability, mobile compatibility, and user feedback modules. This project would help hotel make navigation simple and add the best information above the fold.    Responsibilities:  • Worked with web designers to develop user interfaces and prototypes for a web-based System, private start-up Environment.  • Using Photoshop to change unique picture support the app.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using AngularJS MVC framework.  • Developed the application as Single Page Application using Angular 4 web component based.  • Worked on front- end pages using HTML5, CSS3, Object Oriented JavaScript, Angular Material.  • Used AngularJS UI Router to establish routing between nested html views.  • Used HTML5 and AngularJS to format the input forms and handled the input validations.  • Apply animation when an event happened using Angular.  • Translated market and product requirements into UI designs in the form of conceptual models, wire frames and prototypes.  • Involved in creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Involved in UI design and development of the Front- End architecture.  • Developed user interfaces involving HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.  • Using AngularJS created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations and to display data.  • Built factories to utilize Angular services such as $http and $resource to consume the RESTful APIs for data parsing from the Java based backend server.  • Involved in Design queries to the back- end MySQL database to implement the GET / POST functionality for JSON contracts.  • Worked on the optimization of the CSS files using CSS preprocessors SASS.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Used GIT for version control and simultaneous code implementation.  • Assisted business analysts to figure out the technical aspects of the project and later analyzed the requirements to design the application.  • Updated the application using Angular 2 with Typescript.  • Worked in Agile methodology and attended daily Scrum meetings to access the current progress in a Sprint.  Environments: Angular JS, Angular 4, Bootstrap, HTML, HTML5, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, GIT, Node.js, SASS, Karma, Agile, JSON, RESTful. Front End Developer BOK Financials - Stamford, CT, US October 2015 to September 2016 Project is for designing and developing the loan origination system, including loan application, credit pull, loan decision, workflow and task management modules. The project would help build up the loan origination service which can process more applications in less time and at a lower cost.    Responsibilities:  • Implemented the presentation layer for the application using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript and Angular4.  • Developed the components using Angular 4 needed for the application from the scratch and customizing from various Angular related libraries to meet the application's functionality.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular 4.  • Used SASS framework to minimize complexity and avoid duplication in CSS styles.  • Implemented Angular 2 services to connect the web application to back- end APIs to POST/GET the data used in the application.  • Used Selectors, Events, AJAX and Dom Manipulation components in Angular 2 for updating content on DOM nodes.  • Used Angular 2 Router to navigate from one view to the next as users perform application tasks.  • Maintained and developed the CRUD operation to MongoDB database with Mongoose.  • Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.  • Used NPM for installing required node modules and other published Angular NPM modules.  • Followed Agile methodology, interacted directly with the client to provide/take feedback on the features, suggest/implement optimal solutions, and tailor application to customer needs.  Environment: JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, Sass, Bootstrap, Angular4, Karma, Jasmine, Typescript, Restful Web services, JSON, Redux, Git. Front End Developer Lashou Network Technology March 2014 to July 2015 To make Customer Service Representative more productive and deliver lightning-fast customer support services, the existing customer support system and corresponding UI were upgraded. The main modules include: case management, business insights, multi-channel support and mobile app. Some new features were added: setting case priority, generating agent performance report by static visualization.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing Dynamic web pages with the help of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Ajax.  • Used React JS in development of the web UI to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Extensively used SASS (Syntactically awesome style sheets) while styling with CSS3.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using Http service to fetch JSON contract.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end-to- end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  • Worked with Business Analysts for requirement gathering and requirement analysis.  • Created Use cases, ER diagrams and user flow control.  • Involved in documentation by writing the technical documents for the project. Also, part of the presentation team to the company's executives.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, REST APIs, Git, MongoDB, Jasmine, Karma, Sublime Software Developer Beihua University May 2013 to February 2014 Application that supports the Nurse College Student Management. The system allows a specific department to manage all the Nurse Student' information of that organization. Officers can keep track of all the other departments related to that organization such as heath care center.    Responsibilities:  • Designed and implemented web application to meet web and industry standards.  • Designed web pages using HTML, CSS3 and jQuery based on the W3C standard.  • Developed CSS3 page layouts, styles and table coding for efficient design.  • Used CSS3 selectors for condition-based styling and pseudo-classes to add some special effects to selectors.  • Participated in weekly meeting for enhancing the features for the portal.  • Implemented a lightweight customizable jQuery plugin for styled appearance.  • Tested and debugged code using IE tester, Chrome Inspector, Safari Web Inspector  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Using AJAX to update the data without refresh the page.  • Maintained company website with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  Environments: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, ColdFusion, Dreamweaver, GIT, SOAP, JSON Education Bachelor's Skills Bootstrap (5 years), CSS (5 years), HTML5 (4 years), JavaScript (5 years), JSON (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON  Frameworks/Libraries: Angular JS, Angular 4, Node.js, jQuery, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS  Databases: SQL, Oracle, mango DB.  Programming Languages: JavaScript, Java  Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Test Driven Development  IDE & Tools: Web Storm, Eclipse, Sublime, VS code