Front End Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior Front end Developer Rochester, NY I’m software engineer having six (6) years of experience with a variety of Frontend and CMS technologies. I have a passion for making creative, innovative and detailed frontend scripting that led me to learn advance technology stack and third party APIs for integration. I have knowledge of variety of web development tools and modern technology stacks like JavaScript, React JS and Angular JS. I think my previous experience will really help me to work as an effective member of your technical team. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Developer Design a Shirt April 2015 to Present At Design a Shirt, I worked as a Front End Developer and used several languages, libraries/frameworks like JavaScript, React, Preact, Bootstrap, APIs like Algolia Search, Zendesk, AWS, S3, EC2 and Lambda functions for di?erent purposes.  My other tasks included:  Developed a design studio and UI (User Interface) in which a person can customize di?erent quality shirts with the design of their choice and also put various high quality designs, cliparts, text, fonts, and the option to upload custom images to be printed on the shirts. • Also worked on various online payment options such as Paypal, credit debit visa card, American Express etc. to facilitate the users. I also implemented Algolia search and Zendesk for help articles and customer support. Furthermore, I used CJ a?liate marketing API for marketing purposes. WordPress Developer Voltagead.com August 2013 to March 2015 At Voltage, I worked as a wordpress developer and designed and developed dynamic web pages using PHP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript Designed page layouts based on CSS that are cross-platform and cross-browser compatible. Provided extensive JavaScript and JQuery programming to give AJAX functionality Utilized components that are based on jQuery UI widgets for web forms Created drop down menus, templates, pages and blocks in WordPress.  Front End Developer ASI Central 2018 I worked as a senior developer on CRM, which consists of list of computer, contact place of companies, contact placement order and booking orders etc. I updated the application into Angular 5, also use Bootstrap 4, worked on di?erent modules and did API integration using services call.  FRONT END ANGULAR Intellicon Group 2017 Intellicon is a web agency providing design and web development services. I was hired to design and implement front end. I designed mockups PSD and also developed the sites using HTML & CSS. I designed all the landing and inner pages keeping in mind the main theme and implemented responsiveness through jQuery and Bootstrap Front End Developer Active Pitch 2017 My role was of a front end developer. Website front end was developed using Angular.js. I worked on di?erent tasks but mostly related to front end. I implemented Javascript and jQuery to provide user friendly and responsive layout. I implemented header/footer, icons, buttons, drop down menus and scrollable items. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of Chicago - Chicago, IL January 2009 to June 2013 Skills Front End Developer (6 years), Front End, Angular, React, PHP (2 years), UI, Javascript, WordPress (4 years), Front-End, Angularjs, Jquery, HTML5, Bootstrap, User Interface, Node Links http://kevinjay.me/