Front- End Software Developer <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">End</span> Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front- End Software Developer - Morgan Stanley Jersey City, NJ • Over 6+ years of solid experience in designing, developing, debugging & testing Web 2.0 applications.  • Experienced in application development using web technologies such as HTML4/5, DHTML, XHTML/, XML, CSS/CSS3, and JavaScript.  • Proficient in building Single Page Applications (SPA) using AngularJS1.x/Angular7, Angular Material, Sambuca, ag-Grid, prime NG, Ext JS 5.1.2, jQuery 2.10 frameworks.  • Experienced as a web developer with a strong background working on open source technologies, including JDBC, Servlets, JSP, MySQL, and Photoshop.  • Experience in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Analysis, Design, Development, Documentation, Testing, Deployment, Version Control, and Production support.  • Experience with SDLC lifecycle Agile methodologies such as SCRUM.  • Implemented Responsive Web Design (RWD) and Cross Browser compatibility issues using Twitter Bootstrap, media queries, etc.  • Extensive experience in web design using CSS3, Bootstrap, Adobe Photoshop.  • Experience in applying the latest development approaches including AJAX, Object Oriented (OO) JavaScript, JSON, Typescript, Angular7, and XML.  • Experience with Angular concepts such as routing, lazy loading of modules, HTTP interceptors, Error Handling & GUI Logging for Splunk.  • Comfortable using Angular State Management Ngrx pattern.  • Fair knowledge on Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, and UML design and working with Apache Tomcat server.  • Good Understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Involvement in using various IDE's such as Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Microsoft Visual Studio, Sublime Text, WebStorm, Eclipse, and Adobe Photoshop.  • Experience with unit testing and wrote test cases for applications, used to verify with frameworks such as Karma, Jasmine etc.  • Worked closely with the QA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross-platform Compatibility.  • Worked with cross-browser compatibility issues and did testing on the browsers such as Safari, IE-8, 9, 10, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome  • Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases such as MySQL.  • Experience with Ext JS library with a Restful JSON interface.  • Have a sound understanding of VBA Access 2013 and Microsoft Office Suite 2017.  • Comfortable using latex document editors for technical writings.  • Strong experience in writing and updating the technical documents on a daily basis with the changes made to the existing environment on a daily basis.  • Experience in Web Application's debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug.  • Estimations for Front- end development and coordination with Client.  • Worked with teams where requirements are always being implemented, tested and improved.  • Excellent Communication Skills, Self-motivated, Quick learner, and good team mentor & player, ability to meet deadlines. Work Experience Front- End Software Developer Morgan Stanley - New York, NY January 2019 to Present Description: Unified Order Entry (UOE) is a cross product order entry platform that caters to Financial Advisors, Desk Users, and Operations Users alike. UOE presents users with a list of tickets that the user can fill in for a given product and allows the user to review, validate and submit the order for the end client.  Responsibilities:  • Developed UI layout and forms for widgets using Angular7, HTML5, CSS3, and using JSON data format.  • Extensively used Angular7 Reactive forms approach.  • Used NgRx to separate data and presentation layer. Utilized Redux stores to handle the states.  • Angular dependency injection to inject different services just such as custom services and create some custom directives to do some reusable component.  • Used AJAX & JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Implemented a search module within the orders page using Angular7 by consuming RESTful web services.  • Used Bootstrap framework and Media Queries for developing customizable and Responsive Web Design (RWD) for compatibility with different platforms and screen sizes.  • Involved in Design, Development, and Support of the application used AGILE methodology and participated in SCRUM meetings.  • Performed integration testing and write test cases using Karma and Jasmine. Front- End Software Developer Morgan Stanley - New York, NY September 2017 to December 2018 Description: The Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) track orders throughout their life cycle and identify the broker-dealers handling them, thus allowing regulators to more efficiently track activity in Eligible Securities throughout the U.S. markets.  Responsibilities:  • Developing Single-Page asynchronously data-driven UIs using Angular4, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular4, LESS, SASS.  • Generated new and edited existing UI layouts with SASS (CSS Pre-processor) to accommodate new changes in website design.  • Worked with Angular components, forms, pipes, and services.  • Built Angular4 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component-based architecture provided by Angular 4.  • Implemented RESTful web service in Grid Data.  • Implemented proof of concepts to demonstrate and evaluate cutting edge frameworks such as Angular4 etc.  • Extensively used Angular4 forms such as Template Driven forms and Reactive forms.  • Play a major role in the enhancing and maintaining of the front- end applications.  • Utilized Angular CLI to develop front- end functionalities and researched the command that Angular CLI provided.  • Work closely with Business Analysts to understand the core business problems and deliver optimal IT solutions.  • Write Unit Test cases for the deliverables to ensure defect free delivery. Web Developer Dell - Austin, TX January 2017 to August 2017 Description: This project helps to build the Treasury Information Reporting and Transaction Search applications. It has a Single Sign-On (SSO) and one password - from their desktop or mobile device. Customers use TIR to customize, save, view, print, and download balance and transaction information with flexible and user-friendly reporting capabilities in minutes.  Responsibilities:  • Developed single page application using Angular2, and Java Springs as the backend and Oracle11g as the database.  • Worked on making AJAX calls to connect database using RESTful web APIs to integrate with the middleware to front- end.  • performed unit testing using Jasmine and Karma, along with integration testing Chrome Inspector to fix bugs and worked closely with QA.  • Help debug and troubleshoot team members code to overcome technical issues.  • Involved in Dynamic form generation, Auto-completion of forms, and user-validation functionalities using AJAX.  • Used Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design to develop complex page layouts including various sections such as headers, footers, left sidebars, content area, and marketing area.  • Used Angular2 to create custom components for data manipulations and display data in company standard format. Graduate Assistant Texas A & M University January 2016 to December 2016 Description: TAMUCC-Business Manager Tool is responsible for tracking and maintenance of staff data in Texas A & M University, Corpus Christi. Admin adds new employees into the system, updates biweekly hours of employees. It generates biweekly reports based on the semester in both .pdf and .xls format.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in several stages of the Project including Analysis and Design, Implementation, Integration and Testing, and Deployment and Maintenance.  • Closely involved in the logical and physical design of the database  • Used HTML 5, CSS3, and Angular2 for developing rich UI  • Consumed web service to generate dynamic UI using JSON response.  • Coordinated with the business on User Acceptance Tests (UAT) and to get approval from the business on the design changes.  • Built Web pages with navigation bars and other features that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins, AJAX, JavaScript. Front End Developer JP Morgan Chase & Co - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2014 to December 2015 Description: The FORCE is the authoritative source for the management and measurement of operational risk and supports respective bank Integrated corporate operation risk framework. A shared hierarchy is utilized across FORCE which is responsible for identifying, monitor and manage operational risk through a rigorous Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA).  Responsibilities:  • Developed single page application using AngularJS, and Java Springs as the backend and Oracle11g as the database.  • Created Multiple Re-usable UI Directives by defining AngularJS Directives, Attaching Event Listeners, Controllers and Updating DOM elements.  • AngularJS Factory, Services & Providers created for different modules of Users, Groups, and System & Entities, etc.  • Developed web pages using Angular JS Forms, Components, Layouts, Events, Validations, Trees, Grids components on UI for the RCSA module.  • Implemented the custom components for adding nodes such as process, activity, risk, location, and control to an assessment using Angular JS.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap Front End Developer JP Morgan Chase & Co - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2013 to April 2014 Description: The objective of E-Solution New UI Visual representation of working reports in the form of window tiles layout format. The e-solutions project is aimed to build a rich user interface application for the respective bank and to make user interactions simpler and effective. The core of the project is driven by Java-based legacy applications.  Responsibilities:  • Implemented Ext JS Data Grid, Charts, Forms, and Layout Manager Components.  • Responsible for creating the layout of the tiles as per user preferences  • Created the wrapper methods in the View Model layer to interact services  • Formatted the server responses to populate the grid data  • Customized the default grid methods to support the currency formats, date time formats.  • Created and deployed new features to sustain and amend existing applications.  • Worked with Developers in UI Integration and defect fixing.  • Worked on cross-browser compatibility issues and fixed the bugs for several browsers. Programmer Trainee Entourage Solutions PVT LTD - Hyderabad, Telangana June 2012 to May 2013 Description: Employee Management Portal involves maintaining of complete employee details such as Login Module - Admin, HR, Employee, HR module - Deals with employee salary, pf, hikes, Email - Send and receive emails with the attachment of files internally, Chat Room - employee internal chat.  Responsibilities:  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role-based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Used the JavaScript, jQuery and high charts in the development of the web applications.  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, pseudo-elements, and CSS behaviors. Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science JNTU - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2013 Skills Visual studio, C++, Git, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Json, Svn, Xml, Angularjs, Html5, Sass, Ajax, Tomcat, Weblogic, Websphere, Bea, Bea weblogic, Eclipse, Java, UI, Front End, Front-End, Angular Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS2.1/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, AngularJS/Angular7, Ext JS, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, ag-Grid library  Web Related SEO, Web Analytics, Performance Optimization, Jasmine, Karma  Servers WebSphere, BEA WebLogic 12.x/10.x, Apache Tomcat /5.x/6.x, 7. x.  Databases SQL Server 2008, ORACLE 10/11g  Programming C, C++, Java (1.5/1.6/1.7/8)  Java Technologies JDBC, Servlets, JSP.  Testing tools Jasmine, Karma  Development Tools Eclipse, Notepad++, Sublime Text Editor, Visual Studio Code.  Version Control Tortoise SVN, GIT.  Other Technologies Agile Methodology, Maven, Latex, MS office suite, Adobe Photoshop.