Sr. Front End/UI Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End/UI Developer - Charles Schwab Austin, TX ? Overall 9+ years of experience in developing User Interface and Web Development specialized in front- end UI development with frameworks and libraries.  ? Extensive experience in JavaScript frameworks like Angular.js, Backbone.js and libraries like React.js, JQuery etc. Wok  ? Experience in Analysis, Design, Development and Implementation of various web, stand-alone, client-server applications using Python and Django.  ? Experience on developing which also includes web services like REST, RESTFUL API'S etc. with the help of WSDL, SOAP and JAX-WS, MongoDB and AWS to get updates from the third parties.  ? Proficiency in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and used Agile and Waterfall Methodologies and Scrum for development process.  ? Hands on experience on CSS preprocessors such as LESS and SASS.  ? Proficient in developing responsive Single Page Application (SPA) and Dynamic Web Applications using MVC Architecture Using Angular framework.  ? Experience in Producing RESTful Services using JavaScript, JQuery and Angular.  ? Expertise in developing and designing web 2.0 application according to Information architecture and Usability standards using OO JavaScript framework, Ajax, JQuery, Angular.js, React.js, JSP, XML, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap and frameworks like Angular.js, Backbone.js  ? Extensively worked on building single page applications using routers both in React.js and Angular.js for smooth navigation within the application  ? Extensive experience with creating and reviewing UI design specifications, developing prototypes and conducting usability tests  ? Hands-on experience in using IntelliJ, WebStorm, Eclipse, Brackets, Atom and Visual Studio code for web application development.  ? Expertise in designing Event Handling Models such as Listener and Dispatcher in OO JavaScript  ? Extensively developed web application pages using Web Standards, Interactive animations, and E-mail design standards  ? Extensive experience in development of hybrid mobile application based on web technologies to access the application APIS using Ionic framework and Angular.js  ? Expertise in OO JavaScript design pattern and JavaScript MVC Patterns  ? Very strong experience with ecommerce development using PHP, JSP and JavaScript, including strong command of XHTML, DHTML, SQL and Perl  ? Proficient in integrating visualization for UI reports using Jasper Reports and D3.js for Dynamic Data Visualization.  ? High level proficiency with distributed version control tools such as Git and Svn.  ? Expertise experience in designing web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience  ? Expert skill level in GUI designing using HTML, XML, CSS, DOM and good knowledge in using YUI layout components  ? Experience with docker for automating the deployment of the applications  ? Used jestJs for testing the application developed in React.js  ? Hands on experience on defect or Issue tracking tools like Jira, Remedy and Bugzilla.  ? Very Good experience in all phases of the software development life cycle including requirements gathering, analysis, designing, coding, testing, integration, and documentation  ? Expertise in designing Event Handling Models such as Listener and Dispatcher in OO JavaScript  ? Hands on in Design, Development, Testing enterprise applications using AJAX, JQuery, WebLogic, JBoss and Tomcat Application server.  ? Expertise in developing web-applications using HTML, CSS, DOM, JavaScript, typescript, jQuery, JSON, XML, AngularJS, Angular, Node JS, React Js.  ? Experience in Developing Custom Widgets using DOJO.  ? Testing application using Jasmine Test Framework and Karma.  ? Very strong analytical, problem solving, debugging, documentation and excellent communication skills.  ? Experience in implementing Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD) using Jenkins application server. Work Experience Sr. Front End/UI Developer Charles Schwab - Austin, TX November 2018 to Present Responsibilities  ? Developed front- end systems with HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery, ReactJs, React native Bootstrap, AJAX, and CSS3  ? Developed a web application by using Angular as front- end by using Web API to receive and pass data to back- end.  ? Followed Agile Methodology for the complete life cycle of the project & Involve In daily stand up meetings.  ? Configured typescript application through tsconfig file for various purposes like transpiling, debugging, tracing, generating separate folder for distributable etc.  ? Used Filters to change modify data.  ? Committed code change into repository by using version control tool Git.  ? Implement Services to store shared data between sibling Components and inject in to it for passing data purpose.  ? Transfer data between parent and child Components by using Input and Output.  ? Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to import and applications.  ? Worked with task runners like Gulp in deploying and testing the application.  ? Knowledge in creating Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the webpages using Adobe Flash and Photoshop.  ? Interact with other developers and end users to design and implement new features throughout the framework.  ? Used Angular-CLI for initializing and for project setup with scaffolding features.  ? Designed and developed web pages using with HTML5, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, Ajax, based on the W3C standards and Web.  ? Built Angular 4/2 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular.  ? Implemented Angular component router for navigation, Angular services to connect the web application to back- end APIs made use of ES6 features.  ? Generated responsive data tables using with Bootstrap grid system.  ? Implemented Angular, Bootstrap, LESS, and many JQuery plugins wrapped in Angular directives.  ? Used Nodejs for adding dependencies to project.  ? Wrote application level code to interact with backend and consume the JSON by using RXJS Observables.  ? Designed and modified User Interfaces using CSS and Angular.  ? Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow.  ? Actively involved in code review and code quality check process.  ? Managed access and permissions to AWS services using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).  ? Developed class-based component that can be used to handle state using ReactJS and Integrated with REST API, iterating through a JSON response in JSX Render by using React.js  ? Developed windows services to store SQL server data in to cloud based data warehousing by using Microsoft  ? Attended standup meetings and SLDC meetings across cross-functional teams to gather business requirements and set development timelines.  ? Recorded the online users' data using Python, Django forms and implemented test case using Pytest  ? Built the structure and site functionality using wireframes.  ? Used Cordova to develop the mobile app  ? Used Grunt.js as a build tool for the project  ? Written cross-browser CSS and JavaScript to support multiple browsers such as Firefox, IE9, IE10 and chrome  ? Implemented MVC architecture pattern for two-way data binding both in front- end (ReactJS) and server side (Node.js)  ? Collaborated with other developers to handle complicated issues related with deployment of Django based applications  ? SAP HANA was used as a backend database  ? Worked with system engineers, backend developers and user experience design teams to implement UI solutions that are aligned with and extend (OSGi based) shared platforms and solutions  Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery 3.3, React.Js 16.8, AJAX, CSS3, JSON, Python, Django 2.1. Sr. Front End/UI Developer Iroquois - Shelton, CT January 2016 to October 2018 Responsibilities:  ? As a senior Front- End Developer developed Single Page Application using Angular frameworks  ? Developed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, CSS, JSON, Ajax and JavaScript framework such as JQuery.  ? Actively involved in the team on agile development process, and SCRUM to discuss the development of the application experience with JIRA task Board.  ? Used Maven and Jenkins as build tool and deploying the application.  ? Involved in creating HTML and JavaScript for user-side presentation functionality, and client-side form data validation.  ? Developed the administrative UI using Angular.js and Node.js.  ? Updating pages using HTML, CSS in Angular.js framework.  ? Developed the administrative UI using Angular.js and Node.js  ? Responsible for the implementation of Web Design based on CSS3, HTML5, and Bootstrap.js Front- End Framework.  ? Worked on JavaScript frameworks such as Angular.JS, Backbone.JS, React JS and used Typescript for Angular for developing interactive web applications.  ? Implemented React.js to create a dynamically changing value  ? Handled Browser Compatibility issues in HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript for IE, Firefox and Chrome.  ? Built mobile-friendly, Responsive websites using HTML5/CSS3 Media Queries.  ? Extensive experience developing queries and procedures with SQL, PL/SQL.  ? Used JDBC, application server provided transaction API for accessing data from the Oracle the using standard statements.  ? Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular.  ? Expert in developing web applications using JavaScript, JSP, HTML/DHTML, DOM, XHTML, XSTL, JQuery, CSS, and Ajax, & IDE tools like Eclipse, Notepad++, Sublime.  ? Configured JMS Server setup and DB Connection pool setup & deployed Returned items in Weblogic Server.  ? Expertise in using the version control systems such as GIT and SVN, and project management tool - JIRA, and integration tool Jenkins.  ? Managed dependencies using Bower and used service version tool Git Hub. Worked with IDEs like Sublime text, Brackets, etc.  ? Executed unit tests using Jasmine, Karma/protractor.  ? Test-driven development using Jasmine unit test and grunt.  ? Implemented MVC architectures using Full stack frameworks such as Django and Flask for developing web  ? Applications  ? Developed front- end architecture for the project  ? Developed custom Angular Services to call the RESTful Web Service/API to asynchronously fetch data and populate on the frontend using http, resource  ? Designed Front- end with object-oriented JavaScript frameworks like Backbone.js, Angular 2 and 5  ? Developed Tabbed pages using AJAX and Angular.js, Backbone.js for quick view of related content, scores, top stories, and headlines  ? Involved in building APIs and Views utilizing Python in order to build an interactive web-based solution.  ? Optimized the page loading performance by Magnification and code structure adjustment  ? Finished the unit test using Jasmine  ? Responsible for creating an instance on Amazon EC2 (AWS) and deployed the application on it.  ? Indexed documents using Elastic Search.  ? Developed Open stacks API to Integrate with Amazon EC2cloud-based architecture of AWS,  ? including creating machine Images.  ? Built full stack ecommerce application using the JavaScript MEAN stack: Angular and Node.js  ? Implemented different UI Bootstrap Components such as Pagination, Modal and Collapse  ? Developed the basic front- end logic, DOM Manipulation and bind Event Handlers using JavaScript  ? Test / troubleshoot browser specific bugs with Double Click QA tool for Flash developers.  ? Designed and developed custom JQuery components for the front- end client-side validations.  ? Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Maintained and provided technical support for assessment frontend and assessment engine projects using Java, Spring, MongoDB, and PostgreSQL.  ? Worked on various form validations like field level front- end validations.    Environment: UI, HTML 5.1, CSS3, JSON, Ajax, JavaScript, JQuery, agile, JIRA, Jenkins 2.1, Angular.js, Node.js 12.0, Backbone.JS 1.4, React JS 16.8, Typescript, Bootstrap 4.3, SQL, PL/SQL, DOM 4, XHTML, XSTL, Ajax, Eclipse 4.11, GIT 2.2, SVN 2.0, Karma, Django 2.1, Python, AWS, Java 10, Spring 2.0, MongoDB 4.0, PostgreSQL. Front End Java Developer Paychex - Rochester, NY July 2012 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Used Local Storage to store & retrieve insensitive user data during transition between the different pages.  ? Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines.  ? Involved in discussions on how to implement the business requirements in the application based on different roles of customers.  ? Worked on backend validations on the service layer of the application using J2EE in testing process.  ? Used Web Services (SOAP & WSDL) to exchange data between portal and other modules of the application.  ? Writing JavaScript for Node JS applications that are useful for interacting with server and network applications.  ? Developed pages using Responsive Design with cross browser compatibility  ? Extensively used JQuery in implementing various GUI components.  ? Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and JQuery.  ? Extensively used Hibernate in data access layer to access and updates in the database.  ? Designed and developed CRM web applications using JSP, JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used NetBeans as the Java IDE in the development of the application.  ? Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).  ? Developed consumer and producer of SOAP annotation-based web-services using JAX-WS. This includes features like WS-Security standards, role-based security to restrict access to resources.  ? Used Apache Struts2 framework to enable the interactions between JSP/View layer and implemented different design patterns with J2EE and XML technology.  ? Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  ? Used React-auto complete for creating Google maps location search on the webpage.  ? Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.  ? Used Maven as a build tool, run different phases and manipulate them according to requirements.  ? Used multithreading in programming to improve overall performance using Singleton design pattern in Hibernate Utility class  ? Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the Business and the management to review.  ? Utilized React for its efficient data flow architecture to create a lightweight and render efficient web app that searched projects via the Git Hub API through keywords.  ? Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  ? Extensively used JQuery in implementing various GUI components.  ? Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript framework like Angular.JS, Node.js. Used building rich internet applications, backbone JS &Require JS to optimize in-browser use and to load the module and to improve the Speed.  ? Worked with Exception Handling in SOAP/REST  ? Used Maven as the build tool and GIT as the Repository.  ? Involved in writing configuration centric files/modes for various services using XML capabilities and also wrote message bundles forApacheStruts2, camel and JAX-RS.  ? Developed the application using NetBeans as the IDE and used NetBeans plug-in features for editing, debugging, compiling, formatting, build automation, test case template generation, mutator/accessor code generation, and GIT.  ? Worked with web services using SOAP/REST Annotations using JERSEY implementation.  ? Involved in discussions with the Business Analysts to identify the technical requirements for CRM application.  ? Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  ? Worked on JQuery mobile which is based on HTML 5 for designing user interfaces for web applications.  ? Worked on JavaScript OOP, Selenium, and Cucumber JS for synchronization of data.    Environment: Selenium, Cucumber JS, HTML5, GitHub, DHTML, XHTML, CSS3, JQuery, JSON, JSP, J2EE, NetBeans, AJAX, JavaScript, SOAP, JAX RS, Apache Struts2, JSTL, React js, Webpack, Git, NodeJS, Java Developer HCA - Nashville, TN February 2010 to June 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Extreme programming methodologies for replacing the existing code and testing in J2EE environment.  ? Participated in the process of Software Development Life Cycle, involved in analysis, design and implement of the system.  ? Built HTML and CSS system for controlling text display issues cross-platform and cross browser.  ? Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  ? Worked with development of data access beans using hibernate, middle ware web service components.  ? Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing.  ? Participated in the research of new technologies like JQUERY-Mobile for few potential mobile app development efforts.  ? Developing the web applications using Spring Framework, Hibernate  ? Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company's standards.  ? Used MAVEN for project management and build automation.  ? Implemented the application using the concrete principles laid down by several Java/J2EE Design patterns like Business Delegate, MVC, Session Façade, Factory Method, Service Locator, Singleton and Data Transfer Objects (DTO  ? Managed application state using server and client-based State Management options.  ? Created HTML, CSS, JavaScript, DHTML pages for Presentation Layer.  ? Applied client side validations using JavaScript and JQuery.  ? Implemented various Search Engine Optimization techniques as metadata, building inbound link, and outbound link text, meaningful title while designing web pages.  ? Used JQuery to make the HTML, DHTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side.  ? Developed java modules implementing business rules and workflows using Spring Boot.  ? Involved in JavaScript coding for validations, and passing attributes from one screen to another.  ? Designed and developed the REST based Micro services using the Spring Boot  ? Implemented AJAX to enhance the capability of the website.  ? Used Firebug and IE Developer Toolbar for debugging and browser compatibility.  ? Implemented a controller Servlets/JSP for the security of the system.  ? Involved in developing of design documents with UML class diagrams.  ? Developed dynamic page designing using JSP tags to invoke Servlets/ JSP Content is configured in XML Files.  ? Consumed SOAP Web services, generate classes from XSD using JAXWS using MAVEN.  ? Used Git as source control management giving a huge speed advantage on centralized systems that must communicate with a server.  ? Used CSS Blueprint to create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features.  ? Created Graphic User Interface (GUI) and applied to web site.  ? Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML, XHTML, DHTML, JSON, JSP, Maven 3, MySQL, Photoshop, Eclipse, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Windows. Education Bachelor's Skills C++, Case tools, Cucumber, Django, Docker, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, D3.js, Ionic, Node.js, Redux, Typescript, Webpack, Json, Perl, Python, Subversion, Visualizer Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies HTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript, Action Script, JSP, Servlet, JSON, GWT, SASS, CSS  Frameworks  JQuery, Angular.js 1.6& 2, 5 React.js, React native Redux, Flux, require.js, Django, Bootstrap, Webdriver IO, Handlebars.js, Backbone.js, Docker, YUI,IONIC, AJAX, SPRING, hibernate,Cordova Dojo, LESS, SAAS    JavaScript libraries JQuery, React.js, D3.js, highchartsJs, Redux.js, Jasmine, Mocha, jest, SVG, Cucumber.js, RequireJS, Lodash, Node.js  Languages C, C++, JAVA, Perl, Python  J2EE Technologies JDK1.5, Servlets, JSP, Java Beans, Struts MVC, RMI, EJB, XML, JDBC, UDDI, SOAP  JAVA IDE's Eclipse IDE, NetBeans  OOAD Design Tools Rational Application Developer (RAD), Rational Software Modeler (RSM)  Web/App. Servers Weblogic, Apache Tomcat, JBoss.  Database MySQL, SQL Server 14, Oracle 11g/12c, SAP HANA  CASE Tools Rational Rose  Other  JUnit, JSUnit, Drupal8, Photoshop Elements 15, Dream Weaver, Illustrator, P4, Synergy, Flash, Android and iOS apps, Tortoise, CVS, TOAD 9.5, WordPress    Cloud Technologies AWS, Azure, Rackspace  Tools & Utilities  DB Visualizer, Squirrel SQL, ANT, JUnit, Wireframes, Selenium, GitHub, Flexbox, npm, webpack, Gulp, SVG, Grunt, Babel, Karma, Bower, JIRA,    Version Mgmt. Visual Safe Source, CVS / RCS, SubVersion