Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - Macy's Cincinnati, OH • Over 7+ plus years of experience in the Web Applications Development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and JSON.  • Experience with software development life-cycle, object oriented programming, and agile methodologies.  • Experience working on waterfall and scrum methodologies.  • Experience in front end frameworks Angular JS, Node JS.  • Experience working on the latest front end Technologies such as HTML5 and CSS3 for layouts.  • Experience in working with MVC Architecture and also version control (SVN).  • Profound knowledge in working with Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Experience working on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and CSS behaviour's.  • Experience in working with Angular JS controllers, Services and directives.  • Consistent Real time experience and thorough exposure on compatibility issues with different versions of browsers in IE, Firefox, Chrome and Safari.  • Expertise in using various editors like Atom, Sublime, text wrangler, NetBeans, Notepad, Notepad++, Eclipse.  • Involved in client interactions, gathering requirements, designing UI/UX strategy and converting into UI designs.  • Experience in using web editors like Dreamweaver, Eclipse, Flex 2.0/3.0.  • Experience in working with JavaScript testing frameworks like Jasmine.  • Ability to write clear, well-documented, well-commented and efficient code.  • Strong problem-solving, organizing, communication and planning skills, with ability to work in team environment.  • Good written and oral communication skills and Interpersonal skills with a strong ability to excel through collaboration with team members.  • Prepared test case scenarios and internal documentation for validation and reporting. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End/UI Developer Macy's - Cincinnati, OH February 2017 to Present Macy's was the largest U.S. department store company by retail sales and was the 15th-largest retailer in the United States for 2014 by revenue.    Responsibilities:  • Used AngularJS for DOM Manipulation, Filters, and Directives.  • Worked on AngularJS Routes using $scope object to create a Views using Controllers.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design.  • Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, pseudo elements and CSS behaviors.  • Used the Node.js and Angular.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Ran Bower and Grunt components and wrote the scripting using Node.js  • Created React JS components using JSX.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Design prototype Skelton for the UI and Responsive design implementation using web components and Google Polymer.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Responsible to manipulate HTML, CSS, jQuery as well as making the page dynamic using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed user interface by using the ReactJS, Flux for SPA development.  • Built applications using React JS which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.  • Used Redux to keep the application State in one store.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.    • Developed data formatted applications and deploy the script using client side scripting using JavaScript.  • Worked on Sencha touch for mobile web application.  • Worked on AngularJS to create Single Page Application (SPA  • Experience using jQuery and Bootstrap plugins for the webpages.  • Building reusable code using Polymer.js and JavaScript libraries for future uses.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Designed web pages and used applications that meet business and user goals through a positive user experience  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  • Worked on cross-browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Used all the advanced Photoshop features to create appealing visual web interfaces.  • Excellent problem solving skills and the ability to work independently.  Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, node.js, Bootstrap AJAX, Ext.js, backbone.js, JSON, XML, Apache Tomcat, ECLIPSE UI Developer Citibank - Irving, TX October 2015 to January 2016 This company provides consumers financial products and services, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, markets insurance, credit cards, and investment products.    Responsibilities:  • Created paper prototypes, initial wire frames and designed a strategy by collaborating with the designers.  • Designed, developed and tested web pages from the level of paper prototypes to implementation.  • Documented the entire project, which contains detail description of all the functionalities.  • Assisted in developing HTML and JavaScript codes for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Worked on CSS to design the navigation, gradient background and used other style properties to enhance the look of the web page.  • Worked on debugging the developed code for browser compatible.  • Worked on testing the cross-browser compatibility.  • Used Notepad++ for writing the code.  • Developed user friendly navigation for various sections of data using jQuery Accordion and Tabs.  • Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, SQL, Notepad++. Front End/UI Developer Chrysler, Michigan December 2013 to September 2015 FCA designs, engineers, manufactures and sells vehicles under the Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram and FIAT brands, as well as the SRT performance vehicle designation. The seventh-largest automaker in the world based on total annual vehicle sales, is an international automotive group.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the front end of the application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Applied advanced HTML, JavaScript, and CSS to deliver cutting-edge user interfaces.  • Involved in requirements gathering phase in order to gather the requirements from the business users and dealing with UX team to continuously accommodate changing user requirements.  • Created interactive websites and website features using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Analysed existing interface code to understand business process and understand the impact of the proposed changes.  • Contributed to user interface design mock ups and designs.  • Used Bootstrap for layout development.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree.  • Involved in developing HTML and JavaScript for client side presentation and data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Used Angular JS for developing single page web applications.  • Worked on Angular JS for all data accessing.  • Applied jQuery scripts for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Preparation of Bug report & Bug Tracking using Bugzilla online software.  • Successfully executed the entire test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  • Worked with wireframes for architectural blueprints.  • Creating rapid prototypes to validate design concepts with stakeholders and customers.  • Worked with users to assist them in testing the code using Unit testing framework Jasmine.  Environment: HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, Web Storm, AJAX, Angular JS, Dreamweaver, Wireframes, Windows. UI Developer Bajaj Allianz - Hyderabad, Telangana February 2012 to November 2013 Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Designed the front end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Developed different JQUERY component in MVC micro architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Responsible for all client side UI Validation and implementing Business logicbased on user selection using JQuery, JQuery UI.  • Responsible to store and retrieve user entered data to HTML session storage hence give user feature of running several session at one time.  • Worked on the website from start to finish to give it a new look using HTML/CSS/JavaScript.  • Created UI designs usingWeb 2.0 standards.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Involved in extensive HTML coding.  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface.  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.  • Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements are lagging.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI, DHTML, XHTML, XSLT, XPATH, MS Excel, Windows. UI/UX Developer RnF Technologies Pvt. Ltd - Bengaluru, Karnataka March 2010 to January 2012 Responsibilities:  • Worked with System Analyst and the project team to understand the requirements. Education Bachelor's Skills AJAX (5 years), HTML (5 years), JavaScript. (5 years), jQuery (5 years), UNIX (3 years), Front End, Angular, Javascript, UI, React Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON  Languages C, C++, Java, JavaScript  JavaScript Technologies jQuery, Angular JS, Node JS.  Database SQL Server 2005, MySQL, Oracle 9i/10g/11g  Web Services Restful (JSON, XML)  Debugging Tools Firebug, developer Tools, JS Debugger.  IDE Eclipse, Dreamweaver, Notepad ++, Sublime, Web Storm.    Operating Systems Linux, UNIX, Windows  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, Scrum  Version Control SVN, GIT  Application Server Web Sphere, Web Logic, Apache Tomcat