UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - DTCC Dallas, TX 7 plus years of professional experience as Web/UI Developer, coupled with extensive experience in developing Websites and User Interface Applications using Web Technologies.  Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  Developed web applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON and XML. Solid understanding in MVC and MVVM design model.  Expertise in making page responsive and control using Media queries and Twitter Bootstrap. And, good hands-on on CSS Preprocessors like LESS and SASS along with JavaScript task runners.  Proficient in consuming RESTful Web Services to implement AJAX calls and updating dynamic functionality.  Knowledge of various MVC JavaScript frameworks - NodeJS, React-Redux, Require JS, Dust JS and Lodash JS.  Development of Client-Side Validation techniques using Angular JavaScript.  Developed a single page, mobile-first, cross-device/cross-browser web application for real-time location sharing utilizing AngularJS, JavaScript API.  Worked in ReactJS for creating interactive UI's using Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  Experience in Developing various screens for the front end using ReactJS and used various predefined components. Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application (SPA).  Knowledge in creating data visualization using charts such as High Charts, Google Charts, D3.js.  Fair knowledge working various task runner like Grunt and GULP.  Experience in writing unit test cases for using Jasmine and Karma and used Enzyme and Jest for React.  Worked in various version control systems - SVN, CVS and GIT.  Used React controlled components for working with forms and used Redux for state management.  Worked with AngularJS 1.5 implementing Controllers, Directives, Factory, Services, Filters, Events, Routing, consumed a RESTful web service using $http and handled cross domain requests to retrieve the required JSON data for the application.  Used React controlled components for working with forms and used Redux for state management. Work Experience UI Developer DTCC - Dallas, TX September 2018 to Present • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.  • Leverages knowledge of W3C standards, classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture and cross-browser development techniques.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, Ext.js, and JQuery.  • Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js and MySQL.  • Utilized Node JS to create a fast and efficient chat server.  • The concepts of cross-platform environment Node.js are successfully implemented on the Linux based Grunt (JavaScript task runner)  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS per internal standards and guidelines.  • With the help of Angular JS library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Used Angular JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Maintaining current (existing) ASI's website.  • Handled Client-side validations using JavaScript  • Developed the whole application module using object-oriented JavaScript and jQuery and made more interactive with the help of AJAX.  • Created responsive web pages on the tool using Bootstrap and CSS framework.  • Used Ember JS framework for creating single page applications.  • Used a combination of jQuery plugins, as well as completely custom JavaScript to build AJAX-driven user interface.  • Fetching the data from GitHub and making some changes in it and checking in the code.  • Used Node.js to develop faster, scalable application.  • Successfully handled JSON /XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Achieving RWD by using Bootstrap, Foundation and writing some media quires for CSS.  • Used MongoDB for storing data in JSON.  • Used Core Java to create modular program and reusable codes.  • Building web services by using RestAPI and SOAP  • Used ASP.NET framework for building web applications using Web forms, MVC and Web API.  • Used Entity Framework for accessing data code that need to write.  • Used JQuery plugins, autocomplete validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFul Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Effectively utilized the features of CSS3 and HTML5 to present data in a visually appealing format.  • Multi-column layout was adopted and used jQuery UI to make it more user friendly and compact  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.    Environment: HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JAVA, AJAX Controls, Wireframes, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, GIT, Quality Control, Quick Test Pro, JIRA. UI Developer Care First - Owings Mills, MD July 2017 to August 2018 • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end part of the application.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML5, DHTML, XML, Java Scripts, Ajax, JQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout and CSS3.  • Leverages knowledge of W3C standards, classical Model View Layer (MVC) architecture and cross-browser development techniques.  • Worked on the modernization of a legacy and outsourced UI technologies used were Angular.js, Ext.js, and JQuery.  • Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js and MySQL.  • Utilized Node JS to create a fast and efficient chat server.  • The concepts of cross-platform environment Node.js are successfully implemented on the Linux based Grunt (JavaScript task runner)  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS per internal standards and guidelines.  • With the help of Angular JS library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Used Angular JS in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Maintaining current (existing) ASI's website.  • Handled Client-side validations using JavaScript  • Developed the whole application module using object-oriented JavaScript and jQuery and made more interactive with the help of AJAX.  • Created responsive web pages on the tool using Bootstrap and CSS framework.  • Used Ember JS framework for creating single page applications.  • Used a combination of jQuery plugins, as well as completely custom JavaScript to build AJAX-driven user interface.  • Fetching the data from GitHub and making some changes in it and checking in the code.  • Used Node.js to develop faster, scalable application.  • Successfully handled JSON /XML data and carried out JSON/XML parsing for form submissions and DOM manipulation.  • Achieving RWD by using Bootstrap, Foundation and writing some media quires for CSS.  • Used MongoDB for storing data in JSON.  • Used Core Java to create modular program and reusable codes.  • Building web services by using RestAPI and SOAP  • Used ASP.NET framework for building web applications using Web forms, MVC and Web API.  • Used Entity Framework for accessing data code that need to write.  • Used JQuery plugins, autocomplete validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Used the Node.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTFul Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Effectively utilized the features of CSS3 and HTML5 to present data in a visually appealing format.  • Multi-column layout was adopted and used jQuery UI to make it more user friendly and compact  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.    Environment: HTML, DOM, DHTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JAVA, AJAX Controls, Wireframes, Adobe Flash, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, GIT, Quality Control, Quick Test Pro, JIRA, Web Services. Front- End Developer Underwriters Laboratories - Northbrook, IL March 2016 to June 2017 * Support and maintain existing code in web applications.  * Work on customer information, portfolio management, profiling, classification, GUI design (mostly on business logic).  * Ability to work with web services including RESTful Web Services  * Developed custom directives, Factories and Services in AngularJS.  * Using AngularJS created Responsive Web Design (RWD) and did data manipulations to display data in company standard format in UI.  * Utilized Angular 2 as the framework to build a single page application (SPA).  * Involved in the design and development of user profile planning for those accessing the system.  * Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation, Services and Dependency Injection in Angular to connect the web application to back- end APIs and for sharing the data between the components.  * Worked on REST API to create methods and consumed in Angular services by HTTP call.  * Worked in Agile Methodology and used JIRA for issue tracking and configuration management.  * Used Bitbucket to update and manage the version of the application.  * Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, and deploying.  Environment:Angular JS, Angular2, TypeScript, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Node JS, SQL, GIT, HTML5, CSS3. Front- End/ UI Developer BenErg Software Solutions Pvt Ltd April 2014 to August 2015 * Built reusable custom-directives and custom-filters for DOM manipulation and format the displayed data in the view.  * Created Routing hierarchy for different view by using AngularJS UI Router and isolating scopes in custom directives.  * Implemented various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript validation controls.  * Experience with Grunt task runner which helps automate repetitive tasks.  * Performed unit testing using Karma to increase the performance of the application.  * Experience in configuration management systems like GIT-HUB.  * Follow up with the development team on the improvements, integration and further enhancements in the website.  Environment: JavaScript, Angular JS, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Grunt, Karma. Java Developer Nvidia Graphics Pvt Ltd August 2012 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  • Extensively involved in requirements gathering and analyzing them, checking the dependencies and design of the project.  • Implemented server-side tasks using Servlets and XML.  • Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS, HTML and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Designed and Developed Java Script framework for UI Configuration widgets.  • Used OO Java Script, JSP, jQuery, HTML and CSS to develop the application.  • Involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Wrote script for AJAX implementations in the website.  • Performed XML Transformations from value objects to XML and from xml to HTML data.  • Designed and developed views, controller and model components implementing Struts Framework.  • Responsible for the process of UI design for Internet sites and applications. Skills Visual studio, Firebase, Git, Javascript, Redux Additional Information Technical Skills:    Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap3, AngularJS, Angular2, TypeScript, React, Redux, High Charts JS, Vue JS, NodeJS, REST, SASS, LESS  IDE and Tools Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Sublime, WebStorm, Bracket, NetBeans  Databases SQL Server, PL/ SQL, MySQL, Mongo DB, Firebase  Web Server HTTP web server, Apache Tomcat 6.0  Operating System Linux, Unix, Mac OS, Windows  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, Scrum  Tools GIT, CVS, Source Tree, JIRA, Fiddler, Google Keyword Tool, Jest, Jasmin, Karma, Firebug, Grunt, Gulp and Jenkins.