Senior UI Developer Senior UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior UI Developer - AT&T Marysville, WA ? Around 6 years of Front- end Web Application Development experience with technologies using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, DOM, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, Ext JS, Angular JS, Angular2, Typescript, React JS, Node JS and Backbone JS.  ? Good experience supporting multiple browsers for cross browser compatibility using poly fills for Both CSS and JavaScript.  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.  ? Elegantly used React-Router techniques Axios service to retrieve data from server synchronously in the background without interfering with the display and existing page in an interactive way.  ? Implemented Redux Saga's with actions and reducers to implement a sync API calls.  ? Made use of redux saga middleware to access redux application state and dispatched redux actions.  ? Skilled in leading frameworks as React.js to build high-quality, scalable and reusable components and Front- end solution.  ? Extensive experience On Angular JS (Data Binding, Static templates, Dynamic templates, MVC, , internal services, services methods, directives).  ? Extensive knowledge On Angular2 TS (class, Component, Directives, Service, Model and Routing).  ? Familiar WithRouting and Navigation from one view to next as user perform application tasks.  ? Extensive experience On Angular JS (MVC, Binding, Static templates, Dynamic templates, services methods, custom directives, internal services ($ http, $q)).  ? Familiar on working with Angular JS Filters, custom Filters and JavaScriptpromises for developing Single Page Application (SPA).  ? Extensive experience on working with Scaffolding tools in Node.js like GIT, Yeoman, Bower, Grunt and NPM.  ? Worked with jQuery event handlers, DOM manipulation, ajax  ? Good Experience using Bootstrap for Responsive Web Design (RWD) and CSS media Queries.  ? Used testing frameworks like Karma and jasmine. Karma as test runner. Jasmine as assertions library.  ? Responsible for checking Cross Browser Compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  ? Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, SVN and bug tracking tools like JIRA.  ? Proficient in RDBMS using Oracle, IBM DB2, MySQL database servers  ? Worked on Amazon Web Services (AWS) EC2, SQS and S3.  ? Experience with WebLogic, IBM WebSphere, Apache Tomcat & JBOSS Application server.  ? Used Node for developing REST web services using Express and integrating with Mongo db.  ? Developed a Mobile application for android and iOS with React Native and phone gap in different projects.  ? Experience in Agile methodologies such as Extreme Programming, Waterfall Model and Test Driven Development. Work Experience Senior UI Developer AT&T - Marysville, WA February 2018 to Present Roles and Responsibilities:    ? Worked with HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 5/6, React, Redux, TypeScript and Node.js  ? Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.  ? Elegantly used React-Router techniques Axios service to retrieve data from server synchronously in the background without interfering with the display and existing page in an interactive way.  ? Implemented Redux Saga's with actions and reducers to implement a sync API calls.  ? Made use of redux saga middleware to access redux application state and dispatched redux actions.  ? Skilled in leading frameworks as React.js to build high-quality, scalable and reusable components and Front- end solution.  ? Built Angular 5 components, UI services to consume rest services using Component based architecture provided by Angular 5.  ? Implemented latest Ecmascript6 (ES6) features like arrow functions, constants, block-scope variables and class inheritance etc.  ? Designed animated web pages by importing the @angular/animations which is the latest animation package in Angular 5.  ? Utilized Angular Cli to develop front- end functionalities, component, service, install module and researched the command that Angular Cli provided.  ? Using Services, @Input, @Output, EventEmitter, and Observables for components communication.  ? Working with ECMA Script6 features. For build of JSX and ES2015 (ES6) used Babel, webpack.  ? Performed Restful routing using node.js which submits form data to the mongoDB database.  ? Knowledge on implementing test cases using karma, Jasmine.  ? Used Node for developing REST web services using Express and integrating with Mongo db.  ? Integrated Node JS with AWS Conginto and S3.  ? Working experience with version control system GIT and bug tracking tools Rally in an Agile Scrum environment. UI Developer Commerce Bank - Kansas City, KS July 2016 to January 2018 Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Designed and Developed React.js based UI frame-work which wrapper on top of Flux architecture and gulp enhanced workflow.  ? Used ReactJS for frontend framework and Redux architecture for creating data layers for unidirectional data flow.  ? Used ES6 and JSX with React for component development.  ? For developing the application used React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux concepts.  ? Used Axios with React JS for making AJAX Calls.  ? Used React-Router to create a Single Page Application (SPA) which can bind data to specific views and synchronize data with server.  ? Used Middleware, Redux-Saga and Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services  ? Configured Webpack to execute lint errors, pre/post-processors, tests, etc. based on build target.  ? Conducted Unit testing with Firebug, IE Tester and end-to- end testing on the supported browsers and devices.  ? Leveraged AngularJS sources for data access and created custom directives, factories, and services for the reusable components.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features. Front end Developer MIC - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2014 to June 2016 Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed the Integrate Studio application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Angular JS.  ? Extensive Experience in Angular JS implementing the concepts of Data Binding.  ? Implemented concepts of MVC to develop the single page application (SPA) using Angular JS.  ? Implemented the concept of controller, directive and custom directives by using Angular JS.  ? Used Dependence Injection like ($scope, $root scope) in controller and Created the Own Directives by invoking the element name, attribute, class and Comment.  ? Extensively used services methods, internal services ($ http, $q) and Events in angular JS.  ? Used flex box CSS and Angular material layout to allow web application to respond to the size of the browser at any point.  ? Implemented the concept of Store, for loading the data via Proxy (AJAX, JsonP, Server, JSON) and also provide the functionality for sorting, filtering and querying.  ? Used Google chrome for debugging the application using chrome developer toolbar.  ? Followed Agile Scrum software development Methodology in the progress of the project.  ? Used GIT as version control system and deployment of the code in to the branch, tag and Truck  ? Project status tracking or stories and bugs using JIRA and conducted code review. Software Engineer Powertronics - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2013 to August 2014 Roles and Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed the application to be responsive for desktop, mobile and tablets using Twitter Bootstrap (HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript).  ? Worked on Bootstrap and Media Queries for Responsive Web Design.  ? Used SASS Preprocessor for writing maintainable code.  ? Implemented data-binding using AngularJS for front- end development of a current web application.  ? Developed reusable components using Custom Directives in AngularJS  ? Developed applications using AngularJS single page applications SPAs to improve page performance and minimize the changes on the page.  ? Used $http in angular for consuming RESTfulwebservices.  ? Used $q as a promise library in working with $http.  ? Used SVN as version control system.  ? Developed presentation layer using JavaScript, HTML and CSS.  ? Extensive experience on web pages by usingHTML (Forms, blocks, Layouts, iframes, Entities, Responsive and links).  ? Developed the web page with more attractive, colourful and easy to access for user's by using CSS (Box-Model, Pseudo-class and elements, navigation box and dropdowns).  ? Developed custom web forms to change existing information with in forms and also change input tags by using JavaScript (Function, Methods, Data-type, Debugging, Hoisting, Form validation and performance).  ? Used simple XML to build/process xml documents.  ? Used JQUERY to handle the client side validations.  ? Responsible for transforming designed mock-ups to web pages.  ? Used to update the HTML pages using JQUERY AJAX via JSON response.  ? Designed and developed AJAX calls to populate screens parts on demand Skills HTML (6 years), Javascript (6 years), Json (6 years), Html5 (4 years), jquery (6 years), Ui (6 years), Angularjs (4 years), CSS3 (4 years), Front-End, Node, React, CSS (6 years) Links http://@Input http://@Input Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    UI Web Technologies  HTML, HTML5, CSS2, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Angular JS, Angular5, TypeScript, React JS, and Adobe Photoshop.    IDE, HTML Editor Visual Studio Code, Eclipse IDE, Notepad++, Web Storm, Sublime Text, Chrome development toolbar and Firebug.  Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat 5.0.25, HTTP Web Server  Debugging Tools Firebug, developer Tools  Operating Systems Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP (Prof), Win 10, Mac OSX  Methodologies Agile, Extreme Programming, Waterfall Model and Test Driven