Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer Oakland, CA I am a seasoned web developer. Ready to take on any challenge and eager to learn about your company’s precise needs, so I can deliver exactly what you are looking for, and likely go above and beyond your expectations.    With four and half years of quality experience from global corporations in front end development, application, architecture, design, analysis and implementation of complex software systems with a broad range of programming languages and platforms, I am highly qualified to perform any task you request. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Web Developer Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA April 2017 to July 2019 Develop and test new user-facing features application using ReactJS and Angular 4/5  ? Interacted closely with UX design team for UI design  ? Wrote clean and well-documented code in HTML5, CSS and JavaScript  ? Collaborated with front- end and back- end teams to deliver the best user experience  ? Performed end-to- end testing, debugging and optimizing on new features Front End Web Developer HERE - Berkeley, CA February 2016 to April 2017 Created multiple custom web components for extending HTML and componentizing applications by using Angular 2 and Polymer  ? Developed UI in Bootstrap and CSS3 for a responsive and cross-browser compatible website  ? Integrated Front- End with Server-Side APIs using $http service in Angular 2  ? Worked closely with teams and project manager on individual and group projects  ? Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases such as Requirement Analysis and Implementation Full-Stack Web Developer PARKSIDE LENDING LLC - San Francisco, CA February 2015 to January 2016 Participated in discussions with clients to clarify objectives, project scope and design/development approach  ? Created responsive web design by using Bootstrap framework and media queries that allow content rendering to adapt to conditions  ? Took part in long-term projects that required knowledge of HTML5, PHP, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, jQuery, Git, Bootstrap, Angular, NodeJS and JSON  ? Improved code quality using unit tests. Used frameworks like Mocha, Jasmine and Karma  ? Developed vibrant page layouts, icons and navigation tools that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant  ? Worked extensively on development, design and maintenance of relational databases Web Developer BELA CONSULTING INC - San Francisco, CA January 2013 to February 2015 Built and maintaining web pages using HTML5, CSS3, PHP, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, JavaScript & jQuery  ? Designed and writing stored procedures for SQL and MySQL database platforms  ? Regularly testing and debugging web applications on multiple devices/browsers for cross-browser compatibility  ? Developed mockups and created documentation for front- end implementations  ? Applied Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) - specifically Agile/Scrum  ? Participated in sprint planning meetings and daily developer's stand-ups Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science MAHARISHI UNIVERSITY OF MANAGEMENT - Fairfield, IA December 2014 Skills Git (4 years), Html (4 years), Javascript (4 years), Bootstrap (3 years), Reactjs (2 years), Redux (1 year), Webpack (2 years), Json (4 years), Php (1 year), Sass (2 years), Ajax (4 years), CSS 3 (4 years), jquery (2 years), Rest (4 years), Polymer (Less than 1 year), Angular 5 (3 years), Front End (4 years), UI (4 years), ES 6 (2 years) Links https://github.com/Shaun-B-Kassa