Kitchen staff / Prep / Dishwashing / Delivery Meal Driver Kitchen staff / Prep / Dishwashing / Delivery Meal Driver Fashion Design and Merchandising Student at SLCC Holladay, UT Art is my passion. I love to paint utah landscapes and other places too! I often like to use analogous color scheme or Triad scheme and increase intensity to add drama on my paintings. In my free time I draw men and women figures and portraits. My favorite medium is watercolor. Sometimes I used oils and acrylic for other artworks like Pet portrait commission. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Kitchen staff / Prep / Dishwashing / Delivery Meal Driver Wasatch Fresh - Salt Lake City, UT October 2018 to Present Assisting the chef in daily duties in the kitchen including but not limited to chopping, peeling, building salads , sanitizing the area, wash the dishes, buy food ingredients, pack meal deliveries, Serve food to customers at catering events. Deliver meals to customers. Sr. Customer care assistant Xerox Phils. - Cebu City August 2016 to November 2016 Troubleshoot customers devices by following company's guidelines, Managing customers account, Payment processing , educate customers , do up selling , verify signal location , checking customers transaction history. Front End Web Developer Intern Roccatech - Cebu City April 2014 to August 2014 Create responsive web pages , Translate graphic design to HTML and CSS in order to create website. Analyzing and debug codes. Modify web pages. Office staff Pag-ibig Fund - Cebu City November 2013 to April 2014 Filing paper works , Retrieve information from the storage room, Arrange information in the storage area. Assist supervisors in word processing. Follow supervisors request. Education Associate of Applied Science (in progress) in Fashion Design & Merchandising Salt Lake Community College - Salt Lake City, UT August 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Asian College of Technology 2015 Skills Customer Service (Less than 1 year), Graphic Design (Less than 1 year), Photoshop (6 years), Oil painting (2 years), watercolor (7 years), Sewing (1 year), Photo editing (Less than 1 year), Technical Support Rep (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Web Design (Less than 1 year), Food Prep, Kitchen Staff Additional Information Skills:  Fashion Design  Fashion illustration  intermediate Sewing skills  kitchen skills  Web Development  Graphic Design  Visual Art  Customer Service  Cooking Filipino food