Angular Developer Angular <span class="hl">Developer</span> Angular Developer Durham, NC ? More than 8 years of experience in designing and developing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies.  ? Experience in working HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, JavaScript, Typescript, Angular 2, Angular 6, React JS, Node JS, Twitter Bootstrap, Web Pack.  ? Experience with full software development lifecycle, architecting scalable platforms, Object-Oriented Programming, agile and TDD methodologies.  ? Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  ? Experience with Angular 2 & 4 Directives, Dependency Injection, Services, Routing, Pipes, Animations, Forms, AOT, Lazy Loading, RXJS etc.  ? First rate skills in using ECMAScript 2015(ES6), TypeScript, React JS, JavaScript Syntax Extension (JSX) with React, Redux.  ? Implemented asynchronous communication using AJAX and handle JSON/XML data with web services (REST, SOAP).  ? Worked extensively on API-driven interactive applications that utilizing the AJAX technology.  ? Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, UX, cross-browser compatibility and SEO /web standards.  ? Used CSS preprocessors like SASS and LESS in developing Responsive Web Design applications using CSS3 Media Queries and Bootstrap.  ? Working knowledge in SQL Programming, SQL Server, and MySQL.  ? Worked extensively on writing server-side scripting language Node JS with Express.  ? Experience in working MVC Architecture in using version control SVN.  ? Good understanding in developing web applications with Spring Framework,React Spring MVC, Dependency Injection, Spring Web.  ? Working knowledge using spring experience in applications using Object Oriented JavaScript, JSONP, and XML.  ? Working knowledge on deploying code using Continuous Integration tool Jenkins, Continuous Deployment tools like Docker and Git.  ? Experience in debugging and troubleshooting the existing code.  ? Good knowledge on testing frameworks like Karma, Jasmine, Chrome Web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  ? Worked closely with information architects, developers and others to produce a team-driven product that leads to a well-defined user experience.  ? Effectively communicate conceptual ideas, translate business requirements into interactive web applications.  ? Exercised with different text editors like IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, WebStorm, Atom, Notepad++ Work Experience Angular Developer Fidelity Investments Present •       Designed and developed the self-serving application for reserving a certain number of loans to a user using Angular 6, Angular 7 and Node JS React.JS   platform using JavaScript and TypeScript.  •       Implemented various types of data binding techniques (event binding and two-way data binding) for CRUD functionalities.  •       Developed reusable UI components with different methods for sharing data between Angular components with Output Decorator and Event Emitter.  •       Used Angular Router to turn application into a Single Page Application.  •       Created Angular Interceptors and Services for the HTTP requests, response and error handling.  •       Used REST client and POSTMAN to check the response of various API as a visual documentation for back- end implementation and client-side consumption.  •       Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow Angular Developer Fidelity Investments - Durham, NC October 2018 to July 2019 Responsibilities:  • Designed and developed the self-serving application for reserving a certain number of loans to a user using Angular 6, Angular 7 and Node JS React.JS platform using JavaScript and TypeScript.  • Implemented various types of data binding techniques (event binding and two-way data binding) for CRUD functionalities.  • Developed reusable UI components with different methods for sharing data between Angular components with Output Decorator and Event Emitter.  • Used Angular Router to turn application into a Single Page Application.  • Created Angular Interceptors and Services for the HTTP requests, response and error handling.  • Used REST client and POSTMAN to check the response of various API as a visual documentation for back- end implementation and client-side consumption.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow  • Worked on latest features of Java 8 like Lambda expressions and functional interfaces.  • Used the concepts of Multithreading and Collections Framework.  • Used Spring JDBC configuration to manage some transactions across multiple databases and integrated spring security for single sign on for different users.  • Experience with MySQL creating, updating, deleting query tables, DDL and DML.  • Used HTML5, Bootstrap and CSS3 to make overall site responsive and less complicated for the end users.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Involved in daily scrum meetings and updated burnt chart.  • Used GIT as version control tool for efficiently managing the code changes & experience with Agile/Scrum methodology.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Dnd  • Worked in a CI/CD environment with Jenkins and Maven.    Environment: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Typescript, Angular 6, Angular 7, React JS, Bootstrap 4, jQuery, REST API's, Spring security, Java 8, Node JS, Webpack, tsLint, NPM, GIT, TDD, JIRA, Karma. Angular Developer NIELSON - Chicago, IL April 2017 to September 2018 Responsibilities:  • Developed agent portal using framework Angular 2/4, Webpack and Angular CLI.  • Involving in requirement gathering, deigning, development, UI reviews and maintenance.  • Developed single page applications using Angular2/4, Typescript, HTML5, CSS3, ng2-Bootstrap.  • Developed complex Angular 2/4 UI nested components for reuse and rapid development Angular 2 for each SPA.  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 4 @Injectable decorator to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms from Angular 2/4 framework.  • Implementing Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer performs application tasks.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS preprocessors like LESS,JavaScript, React JS, React-Redux and Redux- Saga  • Developed customized modal Popup using ng-bootstrap.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using component-based architecture provided by angular.  • Developed reusable style sheet partials using SASS preprocessor.  • Creating a build process for different environments like development, staging and production.  • Extensive use of reusable components and containers inside React-Redux application  • Good Hands on experience in writing the unit test cases to test the functionality of the code written not only through the component level but also through the DOM level using Karma test runner and Jasmine framework.  • Implemented error handling and strictly typed coding practices.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Typescript, Angular 2, JavaScript, Bootstrap, REST API's, Webpack, tsLint, NPM, GIT, TDD, JIRA, Karma, Jasmine. Front End Developer Avaya Inc - Santa Clara, CA April 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Develop and test HTML5, CSS3, jQuery and React JS-Redux that meets accessibility and web browser standards with a focus on consistency and reusability.  • Implemented client-side interface using Redux.  • Solid understanding of React Virtual DOM Algorithm for React performance optimization.  • Responsible for React UI and building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, Table Grid.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM and Redux library.  • Have extensive debugging and bug and issues fixing experience in React JS application  • Utilized ng-react module to bind React Components to Angular Directives  • Designed and implemented Node JS APIs handling over 100 requests/second at peak.  • Building highly scalable Restful web services using Node JS/ Express framework.  • Building various API's in Node utilizing DynamodB, Security Token Service, API gateway, Lambda.  • Creating a Responsive web application using Kendo UI for user interactions and integrating Twitter Bootstrap with React-redux and media queries.  • Providing consultation and development support services for engaging in a commercial grade search engine including Elastic search, Responsive Web Design, Test Driven Development (TDD), Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.  • Involved in fixing defects and Unit testing with test cases using JUnit.  • Followed JIRA for tracking processes and streamlining agile planning.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, ES6, React JS, React Native, Node.JS, Bootstrap, Redux, jQuery, Grunt, Bower, NPM, AJAX, LESS/SASS, JIRA, Maven, Junit, Git, Agile. UI Developer Asurion - Nashville, TN December 2014 to January 2016 Responsibilities:  • Implemented the reliance Calendar in Business Objects Reports scheduling and Dashboards.  • GUI Design and Development. (Page Layout Design, HTML5 Design, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS3).  • Developed application layout and responsive web pages using HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap.  • Developed User Interfaces using JavaScript and JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS.  • Created a modular based application using Dependency Injection.  • The project has Angular JS that handles the front end RWD view and renders data by calling the REST web services using the jersey framework.  • Implemented React JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9,Safari and FF  • Integrated some kendo widgets date pickers, numeric text boxes, tool tips, dialog boxes, drop down list, Email, upload, grid etc.  • Designed XML web service for handling AJAX requests.  • Designed and documented REST/HTTP APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy.  • Worked on different versions of angular application migration.  • Worked on responsive design for mobiles and tablets.  • Used multiple sources for dashboard design solution and resolved some complex issues by implementing the virtual company calendar in BO.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Angular JS, Tomcat Apache, REST API, Oracle, AJAX, Gulp SVN. Web Developer General Electric - San Ramon, CA February 2013 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front- end retail application.  • Used new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly.  • Developed dynamic emails using JavaScript, HTML and XHTML.  • Involved in client-side tooling, testing and development with HTML and Modular JavaScript.  • Worked with the analytics to develop the core metric tagging and checking on page usage statistics.  • Implemented RESTFUL service calls to backend and consumed JSON objects for promises and callbacks.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using AJAX, jQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, web services using AJAX, JSON and XML.    • Experienced with implementing different features of Bootstrap.  • Worked on the layout and color scheme of the web site and implemented CSS using Dreamweaver.  • Implemented CSS, SASS or LESS for dynamic styling of application and applied custom styles, overlays and tooltips.  • Involved in finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images and rectifying them.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, DHTML, RESTFUL web-services, SASS, Agile. Jr UI Developer Walmart Global eCommerce - Sunnyvale, CA August 2010 to January 2013 Responsibilities:    • The functionalities of this tool involved adding, deleting, updating, bulk updating and bulk deleting of the users using java servlets.  • Developed JSPs and servlets to dynamically generate HTML and display the data to the client side.  • Designed and developed front view components using JSP and HTML.  • Involved in the designing of Java server pages required for the application.  • Developed the code according to the functional specifications, detailed design and coding standards.  • Developed Ant build script and Ant task classes to clean, compile, copy, run and doc and developed web service.  • Involved in unit testing of the application.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Java, JSP. Education Master's Skills HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, Angular 7, Node JS, React JS, React Native (8 years), MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB (8 years), Windows, Unix/Linux, Mac (8 years), IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Atom, WebStorm, Notepad++ (8 years), Karma, Jasmine (8 years), GitHub, Confluence, JIRA (8 years), jquery, Ajax, Jira, Database, Mysql, Oracle, Frameworks, Linux, Unix, Unix/linux, Mac, UI, Front-End, Front End, Angular Links http://@Injectable Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies  HTML4/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 6, Angular 7, Node JS, React JS, React Native    Database MySQL, Oracle, Mongo DB  Operating Systems Windows, Unix/Linux, Mac  IDE/Editors IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Atom, WebStorm, Notepad++  Testing Frameworks Karma, Jasmine  Project Management Tools GitHub, Confluence, JIRA