UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - Estes Express * Web UI Developer with 5 years of development experience with HTML, HTML5, XHTML, DOM, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON, AngularJS, Hibernate.  * Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using Bootstrap Framework, JQuery UI, HTML, XHTML, DHTML & CSS to develop valid code and table-free sites.  * Extensive experience in developing web page quickly and effectively using jQuery, HTML5, CSS3, Responsive Web Design, Bootstrap and experience in making web pages' cross browser compatible  * Responsible for initiating, planning, construction, execution, monitoring and controlling Web and Desktop applications.  * Experience in working with Angular UI (companion suite to AngularJS) for utilizing Angular Bootstrap components, UI-select and UI-router.  * Used to update User Interface based on changing needs and requirements.  * Experience in creating as well as editing images for the websites using Photoshop.  * Experience as a Web Developer using JavaScript, HTML/DHTML, XHTML, jQuery, CSS, and Ajax.  * Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.  * Experience in using the latest approaches including MVVM in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, JavaScript, JSON, and JSONP.  * Extensive experience in creating style guides, best practices and setting UI standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  * Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing and intellectual challenges in User Experience (UX), Responsive Web Design and Bootstrap.  * Strong HTML5/CSS3 skills with solid knowledge of usability, accessibility and cross browser issues.  * Resolved cross-browser issues and web site usability issues  * Developed UI using JQuery and JavaScript Library for Web Application and Mobile Application.  * Extensively developed Rich Internet Applications and various UI widgets using jQuery.  * Created User Interfaces for Mobile/Tablet/Desktop using HTML5 & CSS3.  * Extensive experience in jQuery, jQuery plugins, AJAX, dynamic HTML and JSON.  * Experience using database systems MySQL, Oracle and SQL Server.  * Worked closely with the product, QA teams and support UI implementation efforts.  * Excellent skills in relationship management with clients and effective in guiding team during the project development life cycle and deliver the product within time line, cost and quality.  * Strong communication, planning and problem-solving skills, with ability to work independently or with cross-functional teams. Work Experience UI Developer Estes Express - Richmond, VA December 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  * Involved in developing applications using Angular 4, Bootstrap like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Button etc.  * Created proof-of-concept using responsive web design, Angular4, HTML5 and Bootstrap4.  * Optimized the performance of application using Angular4 Lazy Loading and Ahead of Time Compilation.  * Designing of Angular4 Modules and Controllers using different directives like ngShow, ngRepeat, ngApp and ngController.  * Written RXJS type of programming using rxjs observables and rxjs operators like map and filter. Developed responsive web design for employees'/customer access using HTML5, CSS3, Angular4, Bootstrap4 and XML.  * Written unit test scripts for components, filters, directives and services using karma, Jasmine and PhantomJs.  * Experience in developing code using C#, JavaScript, Angular 4.  * Involved in Web API and MVC controller's development.  * Involved in fixing the flunk issues in Web API and MVC.  * Developed the Angular components using Typescript and ES6 Helpful operators.  * Created Single Page Application with the help of Angular4 Router Module and used template routing for bread crumb.  * Used TFS to track the user stories and bugs and updated on daily basis.  * Used Angular CLI to generate components, services, and filters and compiled in different environments.  * Used Angular 4 Reactive forms to implement complex forms and performed the validations using Form Builder.  * Created accordions, scroll Spy using Bootstrap4 and used font-awesome icons to give a good look to the user.  * Participated in the code reviews with other developers and improved the code quality of the code based on the review comments.  * Involved in upgrading Angular4 to Angular5.  * Utilized agile methodology using internal process SCRUM for the application development.  * Interacted with business users to gather business specs and prepared design docs (use cases, sequence diagrams) using UML  * Created the shared service for the communication between different components and cross component interaction.  * Worked in Agile Scrum Methodology to provide more efficiently work and higher quality.  * Created multiple Typescript modules to manage written codes in angular project.  * Tested pages for cross-browser compatibility for Safari, Chrome, Firefox and IE by cross browser hacks and requirements.  * Responsible for the entire Sprint stories to be completed within the time frame and for delivering the demo at the end of each sprint to Product Owner and Project Manager.    Environment: HTML, CSS, SASS, Bootstrap4, Typescript, Angular4, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Responsive Web Design, Gulp, Bower, NPM, Jasmine, Karma, WebApi, NodeJS MVC, Windows. Java UI Developer Focus Technologies LLC - Sunrise, FL January 2016 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  * Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  * Strictly followed Web 2.0 design features such as simplicity, fewer columns, separate top sections, fonts, simple navigation, logos, gradients, reflections and more.  * Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3 as per company's standards.  * Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  * Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  * Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  * Created UI templates for final look and feel using HTML5, Fireworks, AXURE, Flash, Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  * Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  * Developed a core component of Analytics with Node.js, Angular.js, Couch DB, and Socket Stream.  * Developed UI components for email and link sharing of documents and files for a Content Management System using Angular.js, Require.js, Backbone.js and JQuery.  * Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of JQUERY frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  * Used Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design to develop complex page layouts including various sections such as headers, footers, left side bars, content area and marketing area.  * Performed image/graphic slicing and optimization using Adobe Photoshop.  * Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  * Designed / Developed Ajax Driven Web based application using JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, JSPs and Servlets.  * Developed different JQuery component in MVC micro architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  * Created Dynamic Wireframes, HTML Wireframes, Dynamic Screenshots and Sitemaps.  * Used detailed Wireframes and developed Mock-up designs as per the requirements of Business.  * Designed and developed custom JQuery components for the front end client side validations.  * Worked on integrating JQuery APIs with MVC pattern.  * Used AJAX frameworks like JQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and also involved in performance tuning the website.  * Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  * Involved in Dynamic form generation, Auto completion of forms, and user-validation functionalities using AJAX.  * Used JMS for Asynchronous communication between the applications.  * Wrote test plans and performed unit testing and performance testing.  * Worked with the systems team and Quality assurance team in the process    Environment: HTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, DHTML, XHTML, XML, JMS, JSON, Ajax, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Require.js, Node.js, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, SOAP, DOM, MVC, SVN, Windows. Java Front End Developer Global Payment - Charlotte, NC August 2014 to December 2015 Responsibilities:  * Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  * Worked in all the modules of the application which involved front- end presentation logic developed using Tiles, JSP and JavaScript.  * Designed and implemented the User Interface using JavaScript, HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JSP, AJAX and MySQL.  * Used JSP, Servlets, and HTML to create web interfaces. Developed Java Beans and used custom tag libraries for embedding dynamic into JSP pages.  * Involved in developing payment processing using the new available JavaScript Angular.js, Node.js using MVC architecture.  * Used the Node.js and Backbone.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  * Used advanced level of HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 and pure CSS layouts (table less layout).  * Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  * Used JQuery plugins auto complete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  * Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used JavaScript methods and properties.  * Involved in integrating the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  * Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  * Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  * Used SOAP, JAXB, JAXP, XML/XSLT and WSDL for developing Web Services.  * Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs as well as production issues with a quick turnaround time.  * Focused on Test Driven Development thereby creating detailed Junit tests for every single piece of functionality before actually writing the functionality.  * Involved in using CVS for project management and version management.  * Developed Functional Requirement Document based on users' requirement.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, MVC, AJAX, Angular.js, Backbone.js, Node.js, Require.js, CVS, Web services, XML, XSLT, Junit, TDD, Oracle, Windows. Skills Git, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Node.js, Json, Xml, Xslt, Ajax, Dhtml, Dreamweaver, Tomcat, Web logic, Html5, Eclipse, jquery, Backbone, Bugzilla, Version control, Ms office