Front- end Programmer/Analyst <span class="hl">Front</span>-<span class="hl">end</span> Programmer/Analyst Front- end Programmer/Analyst Detroit, MI • Experienced UI developer with the experience of developing WEB Applications using all the latest and greatest web technologies like HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, REQUIREJS, NODEJS, GRUNT, BOOTSTRAP, LESS, BOWER, JASMINE, KARMA MOCHA CHAI, PROTRACTOR & CUCUMBER, JSON, RESTful Services and JAVA  • Have 7+ Years of development experience in all phases of software development life cycle including requirement analysis, Debugging, Applications design, Development, Integration, Maintenance, Installation, Implementation, Testingofvariousclient/server, N-tierandwebapplications.  • Proficient in developing web applications using HTML5, CSS3.  • Proficient in Angular, javascript and jquery.  • Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects. Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.  • Involved in writing the Properties, methods in the Class Modules and also consumed web services.  • Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  • Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  • Strong knowledge in Tableau Data visualization& D3.  • Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.  • Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application.  • Good understanding of developing application from scratch and also migration of projects.  • Good experience in building cross browser compatibility applications using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Experienced in all phases of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance. Extensive experience with Agile (SCRUM)  • Experience in Jasmine, Karma, Mocha & Chai frameworks for testing JavaScript code.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS (2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Well-versed in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) with JavaScript.  • Excellent understanding of GIT.  • Involved in the Software Life Cycle phases like AGILE and estimating the timelines for projects.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM Functions.  • Highly motivated, reliable analytical problem solver and trouble-shooter with strong attention to detail.  • Having good knowledge on ReactJs.  • Good understanding of React components.  • Demonstrated ability to complete projects in deadline oriented environments.  • Capable of quickly learning and delivering solutions as an individual and as part of a team.  • Possess good team-management and leadership qualities.  • Experience with IDE's like Eclipse, webstorm and Intellij Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front- end Programmer/Analyst General Motors - Detroit, MI July 2016 to Present Responsibilities:  • Created Front- end Applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular JS, Twitter Bootstrap 3, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Developed well responsive SPA (single page application) using AngularJS framework.  • Performed AngularJS Validation to validate user inputs and to create user-friendly web application.  • Used AngularJS Directives like ng-app, ng-model, ng-repeat, ng-show, ng-hide, ng-controller, ng-route etc.  • Created various controllers, views using MVC framework AngularJS.  • Worked on Angular JS features like Two Way Binding, Custom Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services and Project Architecture.  • Processed JSON response data by consuming RESTful web services and used Angular filter for implementing search results.  • Performed Unit testing Angular JS code using tools like Jasmine, Karma.  • Familiar in writing Custom Directives in Angular JS, making use of modules and Filters objects according to the application requirement by business users.  • Have used version control system SVN, GIT and TFS to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency  • Debug the issue in firebug for Firefox, web developer tools in Chrome, Safari and IE 8, 9, 10 browsers.  • Hands-on experience in Consuming RESTful services using AJAX, Angular $http, $resource and JQuery to exchange request/responses information with databases such as MySQL and Oracle.  • Used JQuery plugin to navigate to different section of the page of the application using DOM elements.  • Used JQuery for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface, and Forms.  • Worked with Twitter Bootstrap framework making use of grids, advance components like Navs, Navbars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  • Exposure to new features and issues addressed in Angular 2.0.  • Created single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make dynamic by using Angular JS 2.0 framework and Node JS.  • Used a Bootstrap 3.0 from Angular2.0 platform and point it to the root component of the application instead of Angular ng-app.  • Designed and developed the agent portal using framework AngularJS 2.0 along with HTML5, CSS3, and TypeScript.  • Created TypeScript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular2.0.  • Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as agent performs application tasks.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AngularUI, JQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS 1.0/2.0 and Agile methodology. Front- end Developer GE HealthCare, San Ramon December 2014 to June 2016 Responsibilities:  • Working as a senior frontend developer for developing the components which are used by several teams across GE.  • Core technology stack used in projects are: HTML5, CSS/CSS3, LESS, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, REQUIREJS, NODEJS, GRUNT, BOWER, JASMINE, KARMA MOCHA CHAI, PROTRACTOR & CUCUMBER.  • Involved in discussions with the Business Analysts to identify the technical requirements. Heavy interaction with UX/UI teams in various geo locations.  • Agile Story research/grooming/tasking/interacting with other teams/developing.  • Implemented application using Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) guidelines; Working on complete SDLC including creating design documentation, development (with browser compatibility), unit testing (in multiple browsers) of application and deployment on Web Logic server (Java Portal Environment)  • Developed Page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Handled Payments and transactions, Credit Card/Bank Account Validations on the Client side.  • Developed ecommerce shopping cart and checkout functionality that requires complex rules and logic and integration with backend systems.  • Development of the whole application module using front- end frame works such as JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS.  • Designed & implemented web pages that are compatible in mobile devices with cross browser compatibility across several browsers.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Analyzed and optimized pages and page design for maximum performance.  • Responsible for the design of web applications right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS, Less CSS and with the help of and tags as per W3C standards.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Worked closely with SQA team in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.    Environment:HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, JavaScript, Angular, Angular UI, jQuery, bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, requires, nodejs, grunt, bower, MAVEN, Jenkins, J2EE, JSON, PhoneGap, SVN, Mongo db, Agile, Rally, Java, mysql, pl/sql, &oracle UI Developer Comcast - Denver, CO January 2014 to November 2014 Responsibilities:  • Worked as a senior frontend developer using technology stack: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR, JQUERY, BOOTSTRAP, REQUIREJS, NODEJS, GRUNT and BOWER.  • Worked extensively in Agile (srcum) based environment for all biweekly sprint deliverables  • Created end to end frontend tech stack at the whole health care level driven from the middle tier dynamic data.  Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON  • Co-ordinated with BA group for better understanding of functional requirements analyzed and designed the business requirements to documented and implemented.  • Performance optimization using front- end best practices like JS/CSS magnification aggregation, and modular resource load on demand.  • Converted wire frames to web pages with behavioral design development (BDD)  • Validated input values to make sure that they will be accepted before they are submitted to the server.  • Responsible for developing, editing, publishing and managing content on the external Web pages and internal layouts.  • Real time integration with JSP using Struts/Tiles/Spring web flows/frameworks.  • Defined text alignment, size, borders, and many other typographic characteristics.  • Used JavaScript to make dropdown menus on web pages and displayed part of a web page upon user request.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • Fixed bugs and provided support services for the application.  • Tested/De-bugged web browser using Firebug.  • Managed and implemented all code changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging and production instances and maintaining code integrity.  • Extensively used jquery in conjunction with angular, angular lite to create components.  • Used angular ui to develop the page level components and customized (Angular directives, services & factories) the out of box directives for additional functionalities.  • Created LESS files and used grunt to preprocess and generate the CSS files.  • Developed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Used jQuery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Created several distribution packages which are shipped for the reusability.  • Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals.  • Developed creative intuitive user interfaces that address business and  End-user needs, while considering the technical, physical and temporal constraints of the users.  • Used MongoDB along with Nodejs, as a database to store JSON.  • Used phonegap partially to debug the issues in the hybrid applications.  • Worked in packaging and shipping the components for the deliverables.  • Worked on several grunt tasks for automating the tasks.  • Worked on Bower to resolve dependencies.  • Good knowledge of java and middle tier services, especially with the REST end points.  • Good knowledge of databases like MongoDB, oracle, mysql&postgre SQL.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Less, JavaScript, Angular, Angular UI, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON, AngularJS, Nodejs, grunt, bower, MAVEN, Jenkins, J2EE, JSON, PhoneGap, SVN, MongoDB, Agile, Rally, Java, mysql, pl/sql, Oracle. Front End Developer Hewlett Packard - Palo Alto, CA October 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  • Designed web application user interface, interaction scenarios and navigation based on analysts, interpretations of requirement and use cases.  • This is a configuration widget written in CSS3, Java Script, and JQuery framework in UI Layer with tag library, application deployed and tested on Linux.  • Designed and Developed JavaScript framework, which is wrapper on top of JQUERY framework and AJAX, based UI Configuration widgets.  • This system was written in Ajax, OO JavaScript, JSP, JQuery, HTML and CSS.  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup. Written code in JQuery/JavaScript /CSS/AJAX for the navigation oriented application.  • Created Dynamic Integration of JQuery Tab, JQuery, and other JQUERY component integration with Ajax  • Has worked on Angular JS which combines web applications with Model View Controller (MVC) capability to make development and testing of code efficient.  • Implemented JQuery Filter search a JavaScript tool for adding a little search widget next to any page listing. This will hide all the list items that don't match the word that are being searched for.  • Extensively used JQuery plug-in like Isotope and Masonry plug-in for multi column layout, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, Ajax-queue plug-in, and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  • Used JQuery fancy box plug-in that adds stylish drop shadow to images posted on the webpage using JQuery.  • Has worked on Jasmine that is especially used for testing javascripts.  • Developed UI and implemented for some plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS and XML.  • Writing and implementing CSS3 throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Resolved various CSS compatibility issue and did research for CSS3 to implement and for our framework.  • Writing and implementing JavaScript throughout the site, both as in-line and imported files.  • Used git as the distribution version control system.  • Designed rich user experience prototype for managing users and roles.  • Involved in Testing and fixing bugs and documented the application step-by-step process.  • Writing javascript for Node JS applications that is useful for interacting with server and network applications.  • Has worked on JQuerymobile which is based on HTML 5 for designing user interfaces for web applications.  • Has worked on JavaScript OOP, Selenium, CucumberJS for synchronization of data.    Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, git, perforce, XML, SQL, Python, Windows Platforms & IDE- Eclipse. Front end Java Developer Mariott - Bangalore, Karnataka September 2011 to September 2012 Responsibilities:  • To analyze the requirements and develop enhancements that will mostly benefit users.  • Used HTML to develop websites.  • By MVC architecture it separates the representation of information from the user interaction with it.  • Modified the existing website by adding suitable naming conventions and coding standards.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals.  • Primary role was to improve GUI, solve the navigational issues and provide support to the senior web developers.  • To control the usability, aesthetics, speed and communication of the websites.  • Used Wireframes to draw the user requirements.  • Developed clickable prototypes in HTML, DHTML, Photoshop, CSS and JavaScript.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.    Environment: HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Adobe Photoshop, DHTML, MS Office, Firefox, Windows XP. Web Developer Airtel - Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH, IN May 2010 to August 2011 Responsibilities:  • Worked closely with system analyst to understand the technical requirements of the projects.  • Worked closely with Photoshop designers to implement mock ups and the layouts of the application.  • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including Ajax controls and XML.  • Involved in writing the Properties, methods in the Class Modules and also consumed web services.  • Played a vital role in defining, implementing and enforcing quality practices in the team organization to ensure internal controls, quality and compliance policies and standards.  • Used JavaScript for custom client-side validation.  • Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.  • Worked with View State to maintain data between the pages of the application.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop, python, PHP, MySQL. Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT (7 years), AJAX (6 years), XML (5 years), HTML5 (4 years), jQuery (4 years) Additional Information SOFTWARE SKILLS:    Programming Languages: C, C++, JAVA/J2EE, PHP, Python, JavaScript, Restful, Appcelerator  Web Technologies: HTML5/4, CSS3, LESS JavaScript, Angular, Jquery, Bootstrap, AJAX, grunt, bower, XML, XHTML and JSON.  Operating Systems: Unix, Linux, Windows and Mac.  JavaScript Libraries JQuery, BackboneJS, AngularJS, Node js, Ionic, D3.  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, IE Developer Tools.  IDE Eclipse, Dreamweaver, IntelliJ, Notepad++ and Sublime Text  Defect Tracking Tools: JIRA, Test Director, Quality Center and Rally.  Miscellaneous: Adobe Photoshop CSS3, Git, Illustrator and Flash, Tableau