Sr Front End Developer Sr <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr Front End Developer Santa Ana, CA Work Experience Sr Front End Developer KALIO COMMERCE November 2017 to August 2019 Magento  Wordpress Responsible for developing, testing, implementing, and maintaining enterprise-level web  applications, web services, mobile applications, and related software and systems. These  MySQL Tools applications are based on an e-commerce systems consisting of secure, shopping cart- MySQL Workbench style websites.  MySQL Query Browser Project Management SHERLOCK NATION August 2012 to May 2017 Chief Technology Officer  Basecamp  Jira Led the development of the company's highly acclaimed online price  comparison mobile and web platform. Managed the day to day technology meetings  Adobe Creative Cloud with CEO and the multitude of vendors to deliver company initiatives under strict and de- Photoshop manding timelines. Directed and supervised a team of developers on each and every Illustrator KOI INTERACTIVE - Los Angeles, CA June 2010 to August 2012 Lead Developer  Office Suites  Microsoft Office Owner of development studio specializing in Ecommerce Development and Management.  Google Office Over 50 clients around the Orange County, Los Angeles, and San Diego area. Utilized  open source technologies involving, but not limited to Zencart, OpenCart, Magento, Inter- Education BA IN BUSINESS ADMIN in Information Systems Cal State Long Beach - Santa Ana, CA September 2005 to May 2010 Skills Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Php, Css, Front-End, HTML5, UI, CSS3, Front End Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS EXPERIENCED PHP LAMP STACK DEVELOPER    LAMP Stack Development Information technology professional capable of managing and developing multiple tech-  HTML 5 nology projects from concept to completion with remarkable deadline sensitivity. Over  CSS / Bootstrap ten years experience as an Open Source Full Stack developer with an emphasis on  Jquery / Javascript Ecommerce and Database  PHP 7 Development. Excellent verbal and written communication skills with  MySQL developers and customers. Strong core belief as a team player throughout the entire  Linux project life cycles, testing, and final implementation.  GitHub