Sr. Front End UI/UX Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI/UX <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End UI/UX Developer - Capital One Bentonville, AR • Over 9+ years of experience in Designing and Developing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, DHTML, XHTML, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Flash and Hybrid Web Development.  • Extensive experience in Development, Documentation, Object oriented design, Application Software Design, Testing and implementation.  • Extensive experience in Mobile Native Development using latest Frontend Technologies.  • Expertise in designing user interface using HTML5, CSS3, SASS, LESS, Java Script, AJAX, jQuery, Node.JS, Angular 1.x 1.5 1.6, Angular 2/4/5, React.js, ext.JS, Backbone.js and XML related technologies.  • Experience in designing applications using JavaScript, Typescript, ECMASCRIPT 6 with the most recent versions  • ReactJS framework for page rendering and AJAX calls to backend RESTful services.  • Expertise in implementing React JS with Redux and Flux patterns to attain MVC functionality  • Used popular NodeJS frame works like Express and Restify to mock a Restful API.  • Proficient in creating Logos, Banners, Buttons, Icons and Images using Adobe Flash and Adobe Illustrator.  • Worked with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and Pseudo Classes  • Sound Knowledge and good Experience with Object Oriented Concepts, Object Oriented JavaScript, Object Oriented Design and Implementation.  • Worked with several web application development projects using Responsive web design (RWD) and Used Web Standards to design table less layouts.  • Implemented dynamic web pages using AJAX and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing)  • Concepts on Model, View, controllers, and usage of directives, custom directives, and services.  • Developed applications using python for tracking record of work using distributed systems.  • In-depth knowledge of python and its related technologies.  • Working experience with Node environment using Node JS, NPM, Grunt JS, Bower.  • Used NodeJS to run Grunt tasks to concat and minify the project.  • Experience in NodeJS frameworks like Express  • Wrote content for Blogs and other outlets on Nodejs and Strong Loop software.  • Experience in Document object model (DOM), Cross browser development, accessibility, responsive web design (RWD), progressive enhancement and Debugging tools.  • Have worked on testing tools namely Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome or Safari Web Inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Worked with AngularJS, Node JS, Handlebars, Hapi, VueJS, Web Pack, jQuery, Nginx, docker, RESTful API Services  • Experience in working with integrating back- end technologies with JavaScript and jQuery using AJAX and JSON.  • Experience with unit testing and wrote test cases for applications, used to test with frameworks like Mocha, Karma, Jasmine, Junit, etc.  • Expert knowledge of XHTML, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap - hand-coded, cross browser (no tables for non-tabular data).  • Worked with cross browser compatibility issues and did testing on the browsers like Safari, IE-8, 9, 10, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome  • Expertise in coding optimized SQL queries on databases like MySQL.  • Experience in using DOJO Components and integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using OO JavaScript framework.  • Experienced in using Reacts JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.  • Expertise in React Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • Experienced in React JS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Highly Curious about new front- end development technologies and adept at promptly and thoroughly mastering them with a keen awareness of new industry developments and the evolution of programming solutions.  • Developed hybrid mobile applications with Apache Cordova that can run natively on android devices with the option expand to IOS, Kindle Fire, and Blackberry etc.  • Experience in client-side development with CSS, JavaScript.  • Extensive experience in developing GUIs using Struts, SPRING MVC, SPRING web flow Frameworks  • Designed the table less web applications using CSS (2.1/3) and with the help of tags as per W3C standards.  • Experience with Backbone JavaScript library with a Restful JSON interface.  • Experience in Web Application debugging skills using Chrome Developers Tool and Firebug  • Strong work experience on HTML, CSS, Type Script, JSON, XML improvising the performance of applications.  • Well versed with JavaScript libraries and with Grunt and Gulp task runner in order to automate repetitive tasks.  • Knowledge of C, C++, Java. - provided by Dice Linux and embedded devices.  • Strong development experience and Scripting experience  • Ability to build high performance secure web application using Asp.net MVC 3/4/5.  • Hands-on experience in working with web applications using Java, J2EE, JDBC, Struts, Servlets, spring, Hibernate, JSP, JSF, and ASP.Net.  • Extensive experience in SQL, PL/SQL programming, triggers and Query optimization with MySQL, MS-SQL and Oracle Databases. Written queries for insert, update and modification operations. Performed database optimization and normalization using database tools. Work Experience Sr. Front End UI/UX Developer Capital One - Richmond, VA January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for Design and development of Web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, LESS including Ajax controls and XML. Designed Pdf, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  • Worked on MFA systems where we used to write code for customer data protection and integration.  • Using PHP, I developed making dynamic and interactive Web pages.  • Done server scripting using PHP, Form handling, Form validations are done by me in this project using PHP.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side within the forms.  • Maintain Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design custom media queries, etc.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive design.  • Created and tested scripts using jQuery on various browsers Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, IE, etc.  • Designed DOM based interactive to reprogram selected links and adopted WCAG 2.0 standards for HTML and XHTML and W3C standards for CSS as well.  • Developed Asynchronous means of retrieval of data from the Server and Database using AJAX features as well JavaScript. Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox (Firebug) and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Developed a single-page application (SPA) is a web application or web site that fits on a single web page with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience akin to a desktop application.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  • Involved in Production Support and minor enhancements as per application requirements.  • Application is redesigned by using Angular4. Web API are used to send and receive data to/from back end, recently started updating from Angular4 to Angular5.  • Since it's a mobile Application of version 3 almost all JavaScript frameworks are being used mainly Angular2, Angular 4 and Angular 5.  • Attending mandatory daily scrum meetings to improve performance and discuss on the deadlines and other requirements of the project.    Environment: HTML5, SCSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, XHTML, MVC, Angular JS, Angular 6, node.js, react.js, angular.js, Require.js, XML, JSON, SQL, Oracle, Windows, VS Code. Sr Front End UI/UX Developer MMC - Hoboken, NJ May 2018 to December 2018 Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. is a global professional services firm, headquartered in New York City with businesses in insurance brokerage, risk management, reinsurance services, talent management, investment advisory. I was a part of building the company's internal mobile Application for resolving several internal budget issues faced by the employers based on the given prototype.    Responsibilities:  • Utilized AngularJS to build new MVC structure to set custom filters and directives.  • Worked on IOS and Android as target devices.  • Implement modules into NodeJS to integrate with design and requirements.  • Used NodeJS to run Grunt tasks.  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept  • Involved in writing the Front- end Code for the application using React JS, also in prospective of the AEM (Content Management System).  • Used React JS to create responsive Design so that the website is compatible with different Devices like Desktops, Laptops, Tablets and Smartphones.  • Used React JS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Having good amount of knowledge in Angular 6  • Used JavaScript, ECMASCRIPT 6, Typescript2.8 to write the code.  • Used Visual Studio Code as the IDE to create convenient interface and test the code simultaneously.  • Used Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) as one of the version control system to coordinate with the team along with GITHUB.  • Having Knowledge on Polymer  • Built Ionic 3 framework targeting Android and IOS Devices.  • Working on Angular4 and trying to Migrate it from 4 to 5  • Working with latest technologies mainly NgRx, React and Redux.  • Having experience in ReactJS, Redux, ES6 with Html5, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap.  • Having Experience with native build tools, like XCode, Gradle, Android Studio  • Experience with automated testing suites, like Jest, Mocha, Jasmine.  • Used NoSQL databases like MongoDB to handle to large volumes of data flow  • Used the Mongo DB cloud manager for managing and monitoring the MongoDB infrastructure and used cloud manager backup for data backup and data restoration  • Having knowledge on AWS EC2, S3, RDS, ECS.  • Implemented Store-Redux for holding the whole state tree of application and Reducer-Redux.  • Used typescript 2.4 to support Angular 5 to reduce lazy loading.  • Application is redesigned by using Angular4. Web API are used to send and receive data to/from back end, recently started updating from Angular4 to Angular5.  • Since it's a mobile Application of version 3 almost all JavaScript frameworks are being used mainly Angular2, Angular 4 and Angular 5.  • Attending mandatory daily scrum meetings to improve performance and discuss on the deadlines and other requirements of the project.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML5, HTML, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, JSON. MongoDB and AJAX.  • Followed Agile Methodology.  • Built a stored-procedure-as-a-service microservice that is generic: will take name and parameters and spit out output or error from the database  • Worked exclusively on very recent technologies like NgRx, React and Redux.  • Used NgRx effects and NgRx store exclusively.  • Worked on Angular 2, Angular 4 and Angular 5 for building Single Page Applications.  • Used the Build Optimizer in Angular 5 to make the application faster and lighter.  • Updated dates and currency pipes using Angular 5.  • Develop reusable React Component which can be used by other developers and other areas of the application such as grid, form, field and modals etc.  • Adding new features, proofread existing code and maintain the applications each week  • Use Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • Use React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • Performed routing using Angular5.  • Built progressive mobile Applications using the push notifications feature of Angular 5.  • Used Cordova 4.5.4 for Ionic Web-view, Touchscreen, Splash screen and status bar.  • Performed testing using jasmine, Karma, Protractor and Selenium.  • The default Browsers for running the application was Internet Explore and Google Chrome.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms for sign in using Angular 2.  • Developed a component that varies content based on the user's navigation by using router- outlet directive in Angular2.0    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/3, SASS, Bootstrap, spring boot, Node.JS, Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular5, reactJS, Typescript, Mongo DB JavaScript, ECMASCRIPT 6 Ajax, JSON, MVC, Restful Webservices, PL/SQL, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Agile, SCRUM, GitHub, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, SOAP, DOM, Gulp, Grunt, jQuery. Sr Front End UI/UX Developer Best Western - Phoenix, AZ April 2016 to March 2018 Best Western International, Inc., operator of the Best Western Hotels & Resorts brand, operates over 4,100 hotels and motels worldwide. The chain, with its corporate headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona, operates more than 2,000 hotels in North America    Responsibilities:  • Utilized AngularJS to build new MVC structure to set custom filters and directives.  • Improved desktop applications and performance applications using C/C++  • Developed JavaScript applications using Typescript.  • Track record of increasing responsibility in the business software design, Microservices, systems analysis/development and full lifecycle project management.  • Hands-on experience in development of Microservices and deploying in Docker.  • Created Typescript Reusable components and services using component-based architecture provided by Angular2.  • Used ReactJS to build the UI components, developed filters to display different dimension of data and font size modifiers.  • Performed form validations using reactive forms for sign in and inputting ticket rising information from Angular2.0 framework.  • Worked on MongoDB database concepts such as locking, indexes, sharing, replication, schema design  • Expertise in Single Page Application (SPA) based on Model View Controller (MVC) architecture using ReactJS and Redux  • Expertise in React-Redux using actions, reducers, stores and view  • Expertise in life cycle methods to control the component mounting, updating and unmount in React JS.  • Automate report generation in MongoDB using JavaScript, shell scripting, java.  • Developed a component that varies content based on the user's navigation by using router- outlet directive in Angular2.0  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.JS, Angular 2.0, Node.js, jQuery, Webpack.  • Implemented SPA by using several in built core directives, expressions and modules in perspective of Angular2.0.  • Involved in developing the web pages using (Angular 2 and Angular 4) which are powerful in building  • Used GIT for Version Control to track check-ins and rollback code.  • Implemented Store-Redux for holding the whole state tree of application and Reducer-Redux.  • Involved in developing the web pages using (Angular 2 and Angular 4) which are powerful in building  • the Single page web applications.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML5, HTML, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, JSON. MongoDB and AJAX.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.JS, Node.js, EXTJS and jQuery.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Developed application using Spring MVC, JSP, JSTL and AJAX on the presentation layer, the business layer is built using spring and the persistent layer uses Hibernate.  • Configure the Sprites and incorporate the best SEO practices to make the website Google friendly.  • Developed certain features of the application functionality i.e. CRUD (Create, read, update, delete) features using Backbone.js, Require.js and Responsive Design.  • Prototyping the new features and ideas using HTML, CSS (SASS) and D3.js.  • Implemented CSS3 and JavaScript based navigation system visually identical to previous table-based system to improve ease of maintenance and organic search engine placement.  • Developed SQL Queries to run against database in Microsoft SQL Server for the application.  • Built HTML templates for high traffic and complex data driven websites.  • Developed application in PaaS environment.  • Optimized UML design using patterns like DAO.  • Implemented JavaScript source code and embedded nested event handling logic using jQuery event handlers and call back functions.  • Programmed standards complaint HTML5 and CSS3 working with jQuery library modules and JavaScript framework libraries.  • Deployed the application on Apache Tomcat Server.  • Developed Server less Cloud Applications using Angular 2 and Amazon Web Services  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers including IE9.  • Used Spring Rest template to consume other micro services.  • Having knowledge on Java8  • Developed Java modules implementing business rules and workflows using Spring Boot.  • Used various libraries of JavaScript like jQuery, backbone.js, Ember.js Require.js and node.js to develop User Interface of web pages.  • Coding, styling, testing of reusable JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 widgets / libraries for complex UI controls.  • Involved in a Waterfall based approach to UI Development.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/3, SASS, Bootstrap, React, spring boot, MongoDB, Node.JS, Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular5, java 8 Typescript, JavaScript, ECMASCRIPT 6 Ajax, JSON, MVC, Restful Webservices, PL/SQL, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Agile, SCRUM, GitHub, JSP, XHTML, DHTML, XML, SOAP, DOM, Gulp, Grunt, jQuery. UI Developer GEPower - Atlanta, GA February 2014 to March 2016 GE Power is an energy technique company. It is a world leader in power generation and water technologies for independent power producers and industrial applications. My role as a UI developer was to create an excellent interface based on the details provided and the requirements along with bringing solutions to the UI/UX problems. I was responsible for designing, developing and maintenance of websites making it very supportive and user friendly.    Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Used the functionalities to write code in HTML5/HTML, CSS3/CSS, Angular.js, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, and Bootstrap with MySQL database as the backend.  • The project is built upon the Single Page Application (SPA) criteria.  • Developed Web application for backend system using Angular.js with cutting edge HTML5 and CSS3 techniques.  • Having Knowledge on Polymer  • Used and created AngularJS custom directives to implement form validation and collecting customer's data.  • Used NoSQL databases like MongoDB to handle to large volumes of data flow  • Automate report generation in MongoDB using JavaScript, shell scripting, java.  • Configured React-Redux for state management and React-Router for programmatic navigation  • Implemented Store-Redux for holding the whole state tree of application and Reducer-Redux.  • Created Multiple Re-usable UI Directives by defining AngularJS Directives, Attaching Event Listeners, Controllers and Updating DOM elements.  • Used AngularJS MVC framework while developing the UI modules.  • AngularJS ajax module is used to handle RESTful calls to enable communication between view components and server.  • Angular JS Factory, Services &Providers created for different modules of Users, Groups, and System & Entities etc.  • Designed website features with Angular.js controllers, views and services.  • Developed a business application to the layout using Grid orientation and Bootstrap framework.  • Used Backbone.js to create views to hook up models to the DOM and synchronize data from server.  • Developed UI tests with Protractor and Java tests in JUnit.  • Fixed bugs of an Order Management System (OMS) built in C++ and Win32API and then developed new features.  • Developed and tested from the ground up an object-oriented, multiplatform C++ framework containing support to data-structures, common algorithms (sorting, etc.), sockets, threading.  • Designed Frontend with in object-oriented JavaScript Framework like Node.js and Ext.js.  • Developed jQuery code using an XML Http Request Adapter to send an AJAX request to the server- side code and implemented a callback function to handle the results.  • Worked on prototypes for Responsive Web design.  • Enhanced application functionality and added new features with the help of backend developers.  • Developed the jQuery callback functions for implementing asynchronous communication using AJAX.  • Used jQuery UI for screen design and development.  • Tested several reusable JavaScript, CSS3, and HTML5 widgets/ libraries for complete UI controls.  • Designed web pages using HTML5, coded them using Search Engine Optimization Techniques and displayed various sections of data using jQuery.  • Used CSS3.0 to style pages, create grids and adopt cross browser interactive features developing JavaScript for user interfaces.  • Implemented XML parsing code for different application.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Excellent Communication Skills, Self-motivated, Quick learner and excellent team mentor & player, ability to meet deadlines    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular.js, Angular 2, Node JS Require.js, MongoDB, Ext.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, Responsive Web Design, React, AJAX, Groovy, Grails framework, jQuery UI, Dreamweaver CS5, and Bootstrap, MS Office. UI Developer Quixey - Mountain View, CA October 2012 to January 2014 Quixey is in Mountain view, California and is also called as Search Engine for apps. The company has a new type of search called functional search that gathers app information from blogs, social media and review sites and other sources and its technology allowed users to search across multiple platforms. I was a part of the project where I designed user friendly web pages and in debugging.    Responsibilities:  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Created Multiple Re-usable UI Directives by defining Angular JSDirectives, Attaching Event Listeners, Controllers and Updating DOM elements.  • Involved in extensive HTML coding.  • Responsible for developing the pages using JQUERY, AJAX, and JSON to parse on data on the frontend on the fly.  • Used and created AngularJS custom directives to implement form validation and collecting customer's data.16  • Used AngularJS for DOM Manipulation, Filters, and Directives.  • Worked on AngularJS Routes using $scope object to create a Views using Controllers.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Involved in complete SDLC life cycle - Designing, Coding, Testing, Debugging and Production Support.  • Designed the evolution of the Web Service using template-based protocol for better performance and to support unlimited better availability and scalability using C++.  • Configured React-Redux for state management and React-Router for programmatic navigation  • Implemented Store-Redux for holding the whole state tree of application and Reducer-Redux.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS & JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Prepared cases for different functionalities and designs based on the requirements of the client.  • Designed new classes and functionalities using various JQUERY components for CRM application for customer service.  • Handled several of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying and printing.    Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Servlets, React, JSP, jQuery, OO JavaScript, Dreamweaver, SOAP, Shell, XML, JUnit, IDE - Eclipse, Source Control -SVN, SQL, MYSQL, UNIX. UI developer Trianz - Chicago, IL November 2010 to September 2012 Trianz is an Information Technology based company and has its headquarters in Santa Clara, California and has its offices in India, United States and UAE. It offers services in technology implementation, Leveraging Cloud, Data Analytics, and security paradigms. As a UI Developer in this company, my role was to manage the usability and design the aspect of the webpage making the design look good and functional in a browser thereby enhancing different visual components to improve the experience of a user.    Responsibilities:  • Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax.  • Involved on working with cascading style sheets like CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS3.  • Developed HTML and JavaScript for client-side presentation and data validation.  • Created images, logos and icons those are used across the web pages using Adobe Photoshop and SVG.  • Developed single page application using AngularJS and Java Springs as the backend and Oracle11g as the database.  • Designed dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards.  • Angular JS Factory, Services &Providers created for different modules of Users, Groups, and System Entities etc.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development/maintenance of the website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery  • Developed the application with HTML 5, DHTML and XHTML for widgets alignment.  • Developed CSS for User Interface uniformity throughout the application.  • Built Web pages with navigation bars and other features that are more user-interactive using jQuery plugins, AJAX, JavaScript.  • Used HTML, JavaScript and AJAX for developing Controls, web forms and provide a high intuitive user experience.  • Participated in making Responsive Web Designs using Media Queries and Twitter Bootstrap  • Developed data formatted web applications and deployed the script using client-side scripting, JavaScript.  • Worked on AJAX to develop an interactive Web Application and JavaScript for Data Validations.  • Used Selectors in jQuery for updating content on DOM nodes and AJAX calls to REST services.  • Implemented the search functionality for Internal Application using AngularJS.  • Experience in AngularJS directives that allow the developer to specify custom and reusable HTML like elements and attributes that define data bindings and the behavior of presentation components  • Developed date time picker using JavaScript extensively.  • Debug the application using Firebug too traverse the documents and manipulated the nodes using DOM and DOM functions.  • Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently having good communication skills.  • Knowledge on implementing directives and scope values using AngularJS for an existing webpage.  • Debugged JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug, Google Chrome JavaScript debugger and IE Tester.  • Designed CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant.  • Used Web Services like SOAP and REST for transmitting bulk data of XML over HTTP  • Responsible to track different versions of files using VSS  • Worked with the QA team to fix the bugs, test the load, and performance checking.    Environment: Java, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Servlets, JSP, jQuery, OO JavaScript, Dreamweaver, SOAP, Shell, XML, JUnit, IDE - Eclipse, Source Control -SVN, SQL, MYSQL, UNIX. Java Developer Maktron - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2009 to August 2010 MAKTRON GLOBAL IT SOLUTIONS PVT LTD is a Hyderabad based software development and IT Solutions Company was established in 2012 specializing ERP, CRM, Mobile Application Development (iOS & Android), Web Design, Web Development, Digital Marketing, Infrastructure management and Consulting. Maktron designs feature-rich mobile apps and websites with intuitive interfaces.    Responsibilities:  • Established front- end web application structure and UI layout using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used AJAX and jQuery to implement asynchronous functions and features.  • Developed UI and implemented for plug-in using JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and XML. Implemented CSS throughout the site, both as inline and imported files and resolved several CSS compatibility issues.  • Developed the application's presentation layer using JavaScript and jQuery Libraries.  • Used HTML, CSS to design page layouts that can meet cross-browser compatibility for various.  • Debugged JavaScript and HTML code with Firefox Firebug, Google Chrome JavaScript debugger and IE Tester.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Created UI templates for final look using HTML5, Fireworks, AXURE, Flash, Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  • Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of jQuery framework and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Used Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design to develop complex page layouts including various sections such as headers, footers, left side bars, content area and marketing area.  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  • Designed / Developed Ajax Driven Web based application using JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, JSPs and Servlets.  • Used agile methodology for requirement gathering and jasmine to do unit test.  • Communicated with QA team to work in code debug, performance check and defects resolve.  • Used JavaScript and CSS for UI Design Mockup.  • Developed the layouts of Customer Relations Module.  • Designed the web application user interface and also developed client side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Used several jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA).    Environment: HTML, CSS, Media Queries, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, jQuery UI, RESTful API, AJAX, SPA, Jasmine, JSON, SVN, Agile Methodology. Skills Visual studio, Application server, C++, Cucumber, Git