UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer - BNSF Railways Topeka, KS • Over 10 years of solid experience as a UI developer using AngularJS, ReactJS, XHTML/HTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, XML/XSLT, MVC, Sass/less and INode  • Experience in working with Angular 2/4 modules, services, templates, directives, services and dependency injection to create a SPA.  • Experience in Developing User Interface (UI) Rich Web Applications, and Web Service.  • Applications using Front End/User Interface (UI) Technologies like Object Oriented JavaScript, Type Script, Angular 2.0, Angular 4, AngularJS, Node JS, Bootstrap, Media Queries, CSS Frameworks, and Java.  • Experienced in using AngularJS directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Temples, Events and Injectors.  • Experienced in creating Single Page Applications by Routing in Angular.js and Hands on Experience on Angular CLI (Command line Interface).  • Experienced in using AngularJS directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templets, Events and Injectors.  • Experienced in AngularJS structural framework for dynamic web apps and profound knowledge in concepts like Dependency Injection, Promises, Services, Scopes, Controllers and Directives.  • Experienced in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications Node.js along with Express JS.  • Extensively Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, CSS Margin, CSS Sprites, CSS Padding, CSS Table, Pseudo Elements & Classes and CSS Behaviors in CSS.  • Expertise creating user validation forms and sending data to server using RESTful services.  • Extensively work with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, and many other design applications.  • Involved in building applications using ReactJS by building re-usable UI Components.  • Used ReactJS with Redux to create a single page web application with efficient data flow between the client and server and used to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Developed SPA using ReactJS to utilize the HTML5 DOM features and update elements that are modified in the webpage.  • Configured routes between ReactJS and Flask to render the templates from the server-side.  • Used JQuery in directly manipulating the DOM yet separating the ReactJS Components.  • Extensively used jQuery, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications  • Extensively used the repositories like GIT and SVN and extensive experience working under Agile methodologies environment (scrum, Kanban).  • Experience with various IDE's such as Visual Studio Code, Web Strom, Sublime and Notepad++.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Excellent Communication Skills, Self-motivated, Quick learner and excellent team mentor & player, ability to meet deadlines.  • Used Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design to develop complex page layouts including various sections such as headers, footers, left side bars, content area and marketing area.  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.    TOOLS AND TECHNOLOGIES:    Web Development: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML and PHP, DHTML, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSTL, Struts 1.x/2.0, SOAP, Ajax, jQuery, JSON, JSF, Oracle  Frameworks: AngularJS (versions 1.5, 16.), Angular 2/4, Typescript, Bootstrap, ReactJS, React db, ionic, Redux, BackboneJS, NodeJS, Struts 1.2, MVC Architecture.  Application Servers: Tomcat Apache Server, Oracle WebLogic Server, MSSQL Server Management Studio  Databases: SQL Server 2012, Oracle 8i,10g/11g, MYSQL, MSSQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL  IDE's and Tools: Photoshop CS6, Dreamweaver CS6, Flash CS6, Visual Studio, Eclipse IDE, NetBeans, Web Strom, Firebug, Developer Tools, Edit Plus, JSfiddle, WebStorm, Sublime text, Eclipse, Apana, Notepad++  Programming Languages: SQL, JavaScript  Operating System: Windows 2000/XP/Vista/7/8/10, MS-DOS, Unix  Protocols: TCP/IP, HTTP, FTP, and SOAP.  Version controls: TFS, Git, SVN, Visual Source Safe.  Reporting Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports.  Testing Tools: Selenium, Cucumber, Gherkins, Chai, Nunit and Junit Work Experience UI Developer BNSF Railways - Topeka, KS January 2019 to Present BNSF Railways is the largest railroad network in North America. I have been working on developing couple of applications out of which one is an internal application and the other is an external application where the users will be able to review their accounts and be able to view the invoices and payments made through their account and the user can also raise a dispute for the Overcharged claims.    Responsibilities:  • Developing pages as per the requirement using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Angular (v2, v5 and v6).  • Developed mobile view of the application using CSS media queries.  • Working with the team to integrate the REST API with the Angular service calls.  • Developed the services in Angular with Typescript using Http and fetch api.  • Worked with the team to develop functionalities like server-side filtering, sorting and pagination.  • Worked on developing API with Node.js, Express.js and integrate it with Angular in the frontend.  • Worked on storing and retrieving data from Column oriented database MongoDB.  • Used several JavaScript libraries for tables and charts to develop the pages in the application.  • Created test cases for the frontend applications to get the required amount of code coverage to deploy the application using Jasmine and Karma.  • Extensively used Angular forms like Template Driven forms and Reactive forms (Dynamic Forms) to perform form validations on both server and client side.  • Automated the NPM builds to secure the content while deploying the application in Jenkins.  • Used Jenkins to deploy the application to respected environments as per the requirements.  • Worked with the team to authenticate the application when a user wants to login to the application using an internal JavaScript library.  • Working closely with the QA team to fix defects if there are any after the deployment of the application.  • Supported the post-launch of the application and making minor enhancements if needed as per the business requirements.  • Optimized the performance of application using Angular 5 Lazy Loading and Ahead of Time Compilation.  • Used GIT repository for source code management and code reviewing. Even used VCS feature inIntelliJ code management.  • Worked in Agile environment and involved all the activities like PI planning, Sprint planning, retrospectives and Backlog grooming where we plan to get a high-level overview of the tasks and stories ahead of the sprint and participated in daily stand-up to be up to date with the tasks we are working on.  • Used Version One for task assignment, defect tracking and fixture.    Environment: Javascript, IntelliJ, Typescript, Angular (v2 & v5), HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap (v3 & v4),GitHub, Jenkins, Java(v8), Springboot v1.5.4, Gradle (v4.4), Jasmine and Karma. UI Developer GUY Carpenter - Hoboken, NJ February 2017 to December 2018 Guy Carpenter helps its clients achieve profitable growth with a powerful combination of specialized reinsurance broking expertise, strategic advisory services, and industry-leading analytics. So I am working to migrating their internal portal application from Angular 1 to angular4 with Node Js Api's. Also working on security system with APIGEE.    Responsibilities:  • Developed all the UI pages using Angular.js, Angular 2, Angular 4, jQuery, Node JS, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, Ajax.  • Responsible for all frontend architect and development for UI team.  • Worked in a team, and involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (Angular 4 Material Design) from wireframes  • Worked on website related implementation flow of the project using wireframes and prototypes using Balsamiq/Axure Mockups  • Extensively involved in coding of Message Tracking on module using Angular 2/4 with Flex Layout to make SPA Responsive.  • Developed Angular2, Angular4 components in TypeScript for web-based application.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive ( UI) web Angular 2/4 with Flex Layout.  • Design, develop, and configure APIs and policies using Apigee.  • Recreated web site design for a small coalition site to facilitate use of WordPress as a content management system (CMS).  • Responsible to create node server and run the angular app on Same Node instance.  • Extensively involved in coding of Message Tracking project module to create different functionality.  • Responsible to Create the user authentication by creating Access token with APIGEE.  • Extensively involved to create Security Authentication for Single sign on Application using Apigee.  • Hands on experience to create single page application for Internal Portal application for different users with different Functionality Using angular 2/4 Material Design.  • Involved in writing the front- end code for the application using Angular 4.  • Design the various Message Tracking Module using Angular2 Material Design and display the data from backend using Node Api's.  • Expert in working with backend technologies C# and .net.  • Created Angular2 & Angular4 Directives, Components, Pipes, Injectables across the whole system, such as build the custom filter and the main assortment dashboard.  • Responsible to design the different modules Using Angular Material Design Flex layout to make website Responsive.  • Responsible to Create different Proxies for different functionality for different Users Using APIgee.  • Implemented new front- end architectures for applications allowing for the management of thousands of customer websites  • Responsible to Design the various module of Assessment list with different assessment options of different type tracking which User can Track.  • Used JQuery-Ajax plug-in to GET the data in JSON format and displayed on HTML page.  • Did extensive angular js and Angular bootstrap programming to give AJAX functionality for the website.  • Extensive experience in implementing model-view-controller (MVC) architecture using Angular Framework.  • Experience with Restful API Services.  • Generated mock data and deploy it on Apigee.  • Designed website and maintain the website content up to date.  • Experience in cross browser compatibility check and thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Re-designed/developed the main website to improve user experience and add new functionality using CSS layouts  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5/HTML, DHTML, CSS, OO Javascript and JavaScript.  • Developed HTML and CSS template using Photoshop.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  • Developed fast loading images using Adobe Photoshop CS3.  • Highly used Angular2, Angular 4 Router to build single page applications for navigation through the different status and multiple modals  • Developed CSS styles to maintain the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Implemented Rest Service to Interact with EP (Backend systems) and Apigee  • Developed page layouts, navigation, animation buttons and icons.    Environment: Angular 2 and 4, MVC, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (Libraries: JQuery), Content Management system, Ajax, Apigee, XML, W3C, MS Access. UI Developer Aurotech - Silver Spring, MD February 2015 to January 2017 Aurotech, Inc. is a CMMi-ML3 DEV and SVC assessed, small-business Management and Technology Consulting firm. It provides services to commercial marketplace, as well as to Federal government agencies with creative and actionable business-IT solutions. Our solutions help solve mission critical and complex business issues. Aurotech started its operation in 2007.    Responsibilities:  • Designed various modules using technologies like AngularJS, JSON, and JavaScript.  • Responsible for the overall layout design (Table-less), color scheme of the web site using HTML5, XHTML and CSS3 and responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.  • Worked on JavaScript and HTML5 Browser Cache mechanism for storing and retrieving data for the website and Created Responsive Designs (Mobile/Tablet/Desktop) using HTML5, CSS3 & Bootstrap.  • Created client-side validation using technologies such as AngularJS and JavaScript.  • Used HTTP, AJAX & JSON communication for accessing RESTful web services data payload and also experienced in consuming Web Service's API's and Web Services in HTML pages.  • Developed cross-browser/platform pages using CSS3 Media Queries and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Implemented paging functionality for various screens for quicker rendering of data and also to avoid crashing of browser.  • Used Bootstrap and AngularJS to create Controllers to handle events triggered by clients and send request to server.  • Perform usability/accessibility and user satisfaction testing, including HTML5/CSS3 paper prototyping test. Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of jQuery frame work and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Creating user information solutions by developing, implementing, and maintaining a wide range of products from single-page applications to complex data analysis systems.  • Modified, optimized, and created new sprites with Photoshop to generate CSS3- based UI elements.  • Integrated some kendo widgets date pickers, Numeric textboxes, Tooltips, Dialog boxes, drop-down list, Email, upload, grid etc.  • Integrate with various databases for retrieving the data using AJAX/JSON.  • Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  • Used AJAX frameworks like jQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and also involved in performance tuning the website.  • Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.    Environment: HTML (5), DHTML, XML, CSS, SASS, JSON, Grunt JS, JavaScript, Kendo UI, J Query, AngularJS, Node JS, Bootstrap, AJAX, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Visual studio 2010, SQL Server Management studio, PostgreSQL, Microsoft Visio, SVN. UI Developer EA Sports - Austin, TX February 2014 to January 2015 EA Sports develops markets, publishes and distributes games, content and services that can be played by customers on various platforms, which include consoles, personal computers (PCs), mobile phones and tablets. As a UI developer, I was responsible to design and program user interface components for video games.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including Requirements gathering, Designing, Programming, Testing and Documentation of various projects.  • Designed websites, interfaces, and layouts to fit client's desires including developing responsive layouts using JavaScript, HTML5/XHTML, CSS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Angular and Angular2/4/5.  • Responsible for setting up AngularJS framework for UI development  • Involved in Wireframe creation and converted the wireframes into HTML5 and CSS based prototypes.  • Involved in writing application level coding using various API's and resolving browser compatibility issues using Ext.js.  • Extensively worked on Kendo UI for grid and Kendo spread sheet with AngularJS.  • Involved in Requirement gathering, GUI, Visual mockup creation, Creating HTML prototypes and implementation of Adobe Experience Manager Tool.  • Used Kendo Charts and D3.js for data visualization and various kendo models, dropdowns and windows.  • Worked on user interface design and development using Angular.js, Node.js, Backbone.js, HTML and CSS.  • Experience in developing mobile apps using hybrid mobile development framework with App accelerator Titanium.  • Handled performance issues by profiling and code refactoring.  • Integrated REST web service calls to get data from response and display them on UI and also used AngularJS services like $q, $http, $broadcast, $emit, $on.  • Performed Client-Side validations using JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Used CSS pre-processor LESS and WEB essentials for converting LESS to CSS file while deployment.  • Used John Papa Style guide for AngularJS code organization, which uses IIFE, followed best practices for controller, directives, and services.  • Created calculator type panel with AngularJS two-way data binding and dynamic formatting.  • Migrated from SVN to GIT as the source control and TFS as repository. Good experience on creating branches, merging and stashing in GIT.    Environment: AngularJS2/4/5, ExtJS, BackboneJS, NodeJS, Bootstrap, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, SQL, JQuery, AJAX, GIT, SVN, PostgreSQL. UI Developer Hcentive - Lakewood, CO March 2012 to January 2014 Hcentive Health Group is private foundation dedicated to improving health and healthcare insurance. As an Organization that funds and arranges care for more than 70 million people, it has extensive data and experience on innovative approaches to improving healthcare.    Responsibilities:  • Implemented Sunburst graph using D3JS with SVG elements.  • Developed various reports and charts using HTML Canvas, HTML SVG, D3JS, and SVG by passing JSON objects and Arrays as input both for mobile and web applications.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Engaged in Agile methodologies of Scrum for software development.  • Stored all the static content in CMS (Drupal), with the help of web services got the content and displayed on the web browser.  • Trained other programmer of Application Architecture and work flow.  • Developed the Web page using HTML, CSS and Adobe CQ5 Adobe Experience Manager.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular1.5 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, form validators, router etc.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Framework like AngularJS.  • Code Reviews for every Screen and new functionality.  • Used AngularJS to make the HTML and CSS code interact with the JavaScript functions to add dynamism to the web pages at the client side. Experienced with source control tools like GitHub and JIRA.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AngularJS.  • Designed Pdf, Excel and Print previews for all the reports in the application using HTML, JavaScript and SQL Stored Procedure.  • Used Angular.JS framework for building web-apps and is highly efficient with Java Web services.  • Worked with Drupal Views module to create functional management interface for users of the site.  • Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support, CSS optimization, and ADA compliance support.    Environment: Java, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS, AngularJS 1.5, GitHub, Maven, Git, MVC, Apache Tomcat, Nodejs, Drupal, Java Spring boot, LESS CSS, IntelliJ IDE, Sublime Text, Windows. Front End Developer Eagle Investment Solutions - Princeton, NJ November 2010 to February 2012 Eagle Trading Systems Inc. is a financial investment advisory firm headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey. The firm manages 5 accounts totalling an estimated $481 Million of assets under management.    Responsibilities:  • Reviewing business requirements and functional designs for application.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards complaint HTML pages using CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS.  • Worked on Design, Wire- frames, JQuery, AngularJS, accessibility and optimization and Created various responsive web pages using Bootstrap and Media Queries and DS2 library.  • Extensively worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Worked with back end developers to implement AJAX and dynamic HTML functionality in JQuery.  • Created pages according to design requirements using CSS, CSS3 and Bootstrap and Used AngularJS for Model-view-View Model (MVVM) and Model View Controller (MVC) pattern.  • Implemented Routing in AngularJS using $routeProvider. Used AngularJS for DOM Manipulation, Filters, and Directives.  • Worked on AngularJS Routes using $scope object to create a Views using Controllers and Performed Client-side Validation across various Views using AngularJS.  • Web Technologies: Axure, Sketch, GUI, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, CSS3, SASS, HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Responsive Web Design, Visio, Cross-browser compatibility  issues, Adobe Experience Manager.  • Developed various factories and services to share data across controllers in AngularJS.  • Used gulp as a build tool and also to validate JavaScript code with JSHint.  • Developed page animations using CSS, JQuery and AngularJ and worked on AngularJS in creating controllers, making AJAX calls using $http.  • Utilized JQuery plugins to build Rich internet Application (RIA) to make web pages look more intuitive and created User Stories from requirement in JIRA.    Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Eclipse IDE, MS Office, Adobe Photoshop, SVN. Jr. Front End Developer Finolex Cables Pvt Ltd July 2009 to September 2010 Finolex Cables Ltd is an Indian manufacturer of electrical and telecommunication cables based in Pune, Maharashtra. It is the flagship company of the Finolex Group, established in 1958.The Company also manufactures polyvinyl chloride (PVC) sheets for roofing, signage and interiors. The company's product range is used for electrical usage, transmission of voice, data and images, for domestic, commercial and industrial applications, and for electrical products.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in all the phases of SDLC and responsible for object-oriented design and worked closely with the business analyst's in gathering, understanding and implementing the requirements.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, and CSS3 as per company's standards.  • Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  • Worked on Web/User Interface development using AJAX, HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, Java Script.  • Created UI templates for final look and feel using HTML5, Fireworks, AXURE, Flash, Dreamweaver and Photoshop.  • Designed and Developed Java Script frame work which is wrapper on top of jQuery framework and AJAX based UI frame work for UI Configuration widgets.  • Used Twitter Bootstrap and Responsive Web Design to develop complex page layouts including various sections such as headers, footers, left side bars, content area and marketing area.  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  • Designed / Developed Ajax Driven Web based application using JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, JSPs and Servlets.  • Worked in Agile environment, attending everyday Scrum, Sprint planning and Sprint review.  • Used UndeScore.JS to use utility functions and Require.JS to load various scripts.  • Thorough understanding of application development life cycle methodologies.    Environment: Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, CSS, Agile methodology, Dreamweaver, MVP, Usability Testing, Jasmine, MySQL, PostgreSQL Windows. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Engineering in Computer Science Engineering Teegala Krishna Reddy Engineering College August 2005 to May 2009