Senior UI Developer Senior UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior UI Developer - Assurant Miami, FL Over 8+ years of experience in Front End Development using cutting edge User Interface (UI) technologies, JavaScript libraries, installation of different modules and testing of various client/server architectures • Experience in developing professional web applications using HTML5, DOM, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, JSON, AJAX, AngularJS, Angular 2.0, Angular 4, Angular 5, React JS, NodeJS.  • Competent in Gathering user requirements and converting them into software requirement specifications (SRS) using UML, Design Patterns, Object Oriented Methodologies.  • Experience in React JS on implementing store actions, installing React Router, React-Redux app to handle real time data, API calls from Thunk and Redux.  • Extensive experience in developing software applications using Angular 2.0 components like observables, routing, dependency injection, 2-way data binding, service resources, filters and events.  • Expert in working with NodeJS server-side application to implement concepts like Event Dispatcher.  • Hands on use of AngularJS to implement Modules, Filters, Services, Controllers, Factories, HTTP caching and Angular UI Bootstrap.  • Good understanding of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions, DOM collections.  • Expert in developing applications using CSS preprocessors like SASS and LESS.  • Hands-on experience in creating Single Page Applications using AngularJS MVC along with routers, custom directives, controllers, filters and form validations.  • Experience with NodeJS platform, npm, Common JS, grunt & gulp, bower, forever.  • Implemented adaptive as well as responsive web design for mobiles, tablets and desktop.  • Highly skilled in using Bootstrap for tables, grids, form elements, carousels, layouts, Toolbars, Panels, Button, etc. for responsive designing.  • Experience in integrating NodeJS server-side code with MongoDB to store and retrieve data using Mongoose drivers.  • Deep understanding of Object-Oriented JavaScript programming and JavaScript MVC framework • Having knowledge on GEO Maps.  • Experience in using various jQuery UI controls and corresponding Event handlers etc.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Knowledge of Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Web Accessibility and Web Securities.  • Used KARMA and JASMINE for unit testing.  • Experience in debugging on various browsers with Chrome Dev Tools, IE Tester, Firefox Firebug and Safari web inspector.  • Experience with SVN Source Control, TFS and GIT for code management.  • Experience in implementing complete Software development life cycle (SDLC) for various applications including Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Maintenance and Support.  • Experience in creating user flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes to improve the user experience in both website and web app. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior UI Developer Assurant - Miami, FL June 2018 to Present Assurant, Inc. is a global provider of risk management products and services. Working collaboratively as part of an Agile multi-team environment to identify, design, develop and deploy technology and process solutions establishing key business capabilities and platform features, delivering strategic initiatives and operational improvements. Contributes the success by developing cost-effective information technology solutions by creating new and modifying the existing software applications that are more complex.    Responsibilities: • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and ReactJs and AngularJS.  • Developed Reactive Single Page Applications (SPA) using Angular4/ Angular 5 with expertise in creating User Controls, Web Forms and performing client-side validations using JavaScript, jQuery and Angular JS.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using AJAX, JavaScript, LESS, Bootstrap and AngularJS.  • Worked on ReactJS - Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components which contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Experience in implementing React-Router to turn application into single page application.  • Experience in using various features of Angular 2 like data binding, routing, custom pipes, custom directives, string interpolation to meet custom requirements.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for a web application, page navigation using Angular 4.  • Built application using Angular 2, coupled with NodeJS.  • Worked on JavaScript for page functionality and responsive tooltip plugins using jQuery.  • Involved in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Redux.  • Used Promises to make RESTFUL API calls for persistence and retrieval of data.  • Used latest web technologies ECMAScript 6, ReactJS, Angular 2, Angular 4 and NodeJS implemented as a backend server.  • Responsible for the (D3) data driven development, Deploy and development of the web applications.  • Used GIT version control for software development, and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Developed cross-browser/platform with Ext JS 5.x/6.x, jQuery, AJAX and DHTML/CSS to desired design specs for single page layout using code standards.  • Followed Version One AGILE Life cycle management software.  • Experience of working with SASS and task runners like Gulp JS.  • Maintained high level of unit test coverage through test-driven development.  • Worked on EXT JS with Restful and Soap Web service technologies.  • Involved in bug fixing on functionality, performance and designing issues with ReactJS and React-Redux using Mocha & Enzyme.  • Working with writing unit test cases for Ext JS.  • Participated in everyday SCRUM meetings to discuss about ongoing project and related issues.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS 3, ReactJS, Angular Js, Angular 2, Angular 4, Angular 5, NodeJS, TypeScript, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, AJAX, Ember JS, SASS, GIT, Bugzilla, Mocha and Enzyme. Senior UI Developer SOAP UI - South Burlington, VT October 2016 to May 2018 All scripts has taken up this project when they are rewriting the whole UI using HTML, CSS3, JSP, ReactJs, JavaScript, and Ajax to make more user friendly. Controller Web Services are tested using Jasmine, and SOAP UI.    Responsibilities: • Involved in Requirements analysis, understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Involved in developing UI pages using React JS and done lot of styling using SASS and Bootstrap.  • Involved in lot of Bug fixes and issues which came up in already developed components.  • Used React-Redux in the application to maintain consistency and designed reducers, containers.  • Used Firebug, chrome extensions for react and redux, debugging and browser compatibility.  • Used NodeJS for server-side scripting for our application and to run web pack and build the project properly.  • Used Node.js (NPM modules) to run the app and Web Pack for compilation.  • Developed components using React and all the advanced methods Functions in development.  • Created SCSS files using imports, variables, nesting, also used SASS library.  • Used Bootstrap for interactive cross browser functionality and complex user interface.  • Used Git as our source/version control system and Atom/sublime Text editors for development tool.  • Used package Web pack package bundlers in task runner like grunt/gulp along with node.js for build automation and management.  • Managed UI team backlog and updated story progress in Jira and worked with project managers to deliver revenue generating features in a continuous integration (JENKINS).  • Knowledge in working with APIs and Restful web services.  • Used bamboo for automating builds, integrating builds, tests and releases in a single workflow.  • Worked with various building blocks such as views, events, routers and actions in ReactJS.  • Involved in AGILE process, Monthly Sprints, and daily Scrums to discuss the development of the application.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Sass-CSS Preprocessor JavaScript, Responsive Design, Node.js, Bootstrap, Typescript, web pack, ReactJS, Redux, GIT, Atom Text editor, Bamboo, Firebug, Photoshop and SaaS. Front End UI Developer Dish - Denver, CO August 2014 to September 2016 DISH consistently introduces products of increasing sophistication, it also leads the industry by offering the best value - the same channels at a better price. Challenging the economics of pay TV. The customer facing Webpages provide the necessary gateway and interfaces to make the payment services dynamic and more accurate than ever. It is a huge investment of technology to ensure effective payment services.    Responsibilities • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js and Ajax.  • Developed React.js pages, Web services calls and AJAX calls for the application.  • Used in development of the web application to bind the data/model that is being retrieved from a database through services provided in a controller to the view using scope.  • Used React.js in components like JSX, creating React components, Virtual.  • Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business requirements.  • CSS styles were developed to preserve the uniformity of all the screens throughout the application and positioning of screen objects.  • Responsible for design and development of web pages from mock-ups (PSD).  • Worked on Front end by using JavaScript.  • Developed user interface by using the React.js, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client side Interface using ReactJs.  • Worked in using React.js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Responsible for developing a front- end application using React.js and FLUX architecture for internal team's productivity use.  • Experienced in React.js and working with React Flux architecture.  • Working with React Router for developing Single Page Applications SPAs.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React -Draggable.  • Thoroughly performed unit testing and integration testing.  • Extensively used SASS (Syntactically awesome style sheets) while styling with CSS3.  • Used Firebug for debugging and for element styling.  • Wrote services to store and retrieve user data from the Mongo DB for the application on devices.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the project status.  • Used web-based GIT repository manager with issue tracking features.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Made the application responsive using Bootstrap and CSS Media Queries.  • Worked with CSS Icons, CSS Pseudo-class, CSS Pseudo-element, CSS Image Sprites, CSS background and CSS3 Shadows to give some additional effects.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility issues and hence worked on different browsers like Google chrome, Internet explorer, Firefox and safari.  • Involved in implementing Queries to the backend MongoDB database using Http service to fetch JSON contract.  • Experienced in implementing CRUD database operation on such as MongoDB.  • Worked with Bit Bucket for recording the progress and later for version control.  • Used Jasmine and Karma as end to end testing tools for debugging and software quality insurance.  • Worked with Business Analysts for requirement gathering and requirement analysis.  • Created Use cases, ER diagrams and user flow control.  • Involved in documentation by writing the technical documents for the project. Also, part of the presentation team to the company's executives.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, DHTML, CSS/CSS3, SASS, Bootstrap, React.js, Flexible framework. Backbone.js, visual studio 2010, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, Java, Angular JS 2.0, Node JS, XML, XHTML, DOM, MySQL, NPM, Mongo DB, MVC Architecture, Apache Tomcat. UI Developer Zions Bank - Salt Lake City, UT June 2012 to July 2014 Zions is a group of large banking services. Working as a Front- End UI Developer for this organization, my project was Management of Financial Information (MFI). Management of Financial Information (MFI) provide the ability for Customers, Agents, and the Customer Care Network to add, delete, update, store, and view available financial Information. This enterprise solution will allow for increased security around customers financial information and consistency in the management of data. It mainly focuses on creating a financial database to hold financial account information and provide that information to various other systems.    Responsibilities • AGILE methodologies were used to develop applications on a weekly progress • Involved in developing UI pages using HTML, AngularJS, DOM, CSS3, JSON, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and upgraded the existing ones using CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, JSON • Worked on Angular JS two-way data binding between DOM and model, dependency injection • I have used directives, controllers, validations, factory, services for calling the Web API controller and calling the 'GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE' methods • Developed custom directives, Factories and Services in AngularJS • Implemented YUI Yahoo User Interface Friendly design with HTML, CSS and JavaScript for client-side validation and form submission functions • Used JavaScriptDOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI • Designed and developed Front end UI, presentation layer using CSS and HTML • Created prototypes in HTML, Photoshop, JavaScript and CSS for different UI pages and used MS Visio, Dreamweaver and Photoshop tools for web application development • Used the Node.js and Angular.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications • Developed real time tracking of class schedules and administrative interfaces using Node.js • Created an internal administration tool for our retail management team to update assets, inventory, and other sensitive information. Stack included Angular.js and node.js • Maintain Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc • Designed and developed User Interface Web Forms using Adobe Flash, CSS, Dreamweaver, and JavaScript • Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms • Used AJAX frameworks like jQuery, JSON to develop rich GUIs and involved in performance tuning the website • We created a web server using Node which intercepts the requests from the clients and passes the response • Used SOAP UI for testing web services request and response • Experience in XMLSOAP (webservice) to communicate over the Internet • Used jQuery to traverse through a DOM tree and manipulated the nodes in the tree. Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using jQuery framework • Developed client-side AJAX application that uses JavaScript OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface • Used AJAX for implementing dynamic Webpages where the content was fetched via API calls and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing) • Use SOAP web services to communicate between applications running on different operating systems • Designed various tables required for the project in Oracle 10g database and used the Stored Procedures in the application    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, JSP, AJAX, JavaScript, Responsive Design, Angular.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, Firebug, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, XML, XHTML, XSLT, DOM, JSON, DOJO, SOAP, Oracle, and Windows Front End Developer TracFone - Miami, FL October 2011 to May 2012 This application will replace the existing application. The key features of this application are providing user an option to customize the plan features (data, sms and voice), Catalog Management, Bundling the Products, Promotions, Trade-In and Re-Contracting old line.    Responsibilities • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Articulated business strategy and branding issues and to balance these with user needs and technological constraints.  • Extensively used JavaScript, jQuery for implementing various GUI components and for custom client-side validation.  • Worked closely with product managers, developers and internal stakeholders throughout the product design.  • Involved in various technical and architectural design discussions with back- end teams as well as front- end team to integrate front- end and back- end.  • Worked on jQuery to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request.  • Involved in providing pseudo application level code to interact with API's, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Developed page layouts, Navigations and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management review.  • Responsible for the design of client websites right from the conceptualization stage to its implementation and maintenance.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  • Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging and deploying.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, XML, API, Web Services, UML, Mockups, Usability Testing, AGILE methodology, Eclipse, Windows. Web Developer CenturyLink June 2010 to September 2011 CenturyLink, Inc. is an American telecommunications company that provides communications and data services to residential, business, governmental, and wholesale customers in 37 states. Worked on Intelli court tools (tools required for traffic, judges, accountants etc..,) using front end and back end technologies like HTML, CSS and JavaScript.    Responsibilities: • Developing the complete user interface for the entire website using HTML, CSS and • JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX.  • Used JavaScript, and AJAX technologies for front end user input validations and Restful web • Service calls.  • Used AJAX with jQuery to parse JSON object to dynamically overlay contents on web pages.  • Utilized JSON for data exchange between client and server for request data and response • Processing.  • Angularjs code development and Integration of components.  • Dynamic Components creation in AEM.  • Interacting with the BA/Leads in scrum calls and understanding the requirements.  • Estimation for the accepted User Stories in the sprint.  • Tested the implemented UI screens using emulator, IPAD, IPHONE, and other real- time • Devices to make the consistent behavior.  • Developed and implemented several test cases using Jasmine and performed load testing.    Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, RESTful API, AEM 6.1(Adobe Experience Manager (CQ5)), Bootstrap, Jasmine, Node.js, Git Code hub. Education Bachelor's