AEM Developer AEM <span class="hl">Developer</span> AEM Developer - Northern Trust Corporation Chicago, IL Over 8 years of experience in developing and implementing Enterprise Solutions for Distributed Software products and distributed applications using JAVA technologies. And around 3+ years of experience in development, design and implementation of modules on AEM5.6.1, AEM 6.0 and AEM 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3.  ? Experience in developing Web Applications which have integrated a number of functional capabilities like Web Content Management (WCM), Digital Asset Management (DAM), Identity & Access Management, Social Media, Search, SEO etc.  ? Have experience in implementing large scale business application which involves development of CQ Component, Workflow development and integrating CQ with other applications and Template, Custom Xtypes in Widgets, OSGi Bundles using CQ5 platform.  ? Hands-on experience in implementing solutions using technologies like Sling, OSGi, Felix, JCR, and current AEM functionalities of integrated products.  ? Extensive programming in Web Technologies likes JSP, JavaScript, XML, AJAX, JQuery, AdobeCQ5 APIs, Apache Sling, OSGi bundles.  ? Experience in developing classic and touch UI Templates, Custom Components, creating and launching Workflows and customizing out of the box Widgets.  ? Strong experience in using version control tools like Git, GitHub, Subversion (SVN) and CVS.  ? Good knowledge in maintaining various version controls systems such as SVN (Centralized Version Control System) , GIT (Distributed Version Control System) and Jenkins.  ? Worked on Integrations between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet clients' business needs.  ? Good at Code Reviews, Integration of the System modules, Writing Test Cases, Bug Fixing and Enhancements, very conversant with Quality Management and System Support.  ? Extensive web design skills and work experience in developing web page applications covering front- end technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, CSS2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, XML, Ajax, AngularJS and Bootstrap.  ? Expertise in OOA, OOD, Distributed Application Development and OOPs.  ? Experienced in Struts, Spring and Hibernate Framework.  ? Worked with Agile Methodology (Scrum) and Web Services using Service Oriented Architecture.  ? Good understanding and implementation knowledge of Java & J2EE design patterns like Factory Pattern, MVC.  ? Proficiency in Object-Oriented Programming techniques.  ? Experienced in core Java features such as Multi -Threading, Collections, and Exception handling to process transactions.  ? Skilled at developing enterprise applications in different Java IDE's like Eclipse, NetBeans.  ? Knowledge of application servers like Apache Tomcat 6.0/7.0, etc.  ? Good at using XML, AJAX and various JavaScript based technologies compatible with Web2.0.  ? Excellent communications skills. Adept at building strong working relationships with team members, business and management.  ? Good Conceptual knowledge of Adobe CQ5 and Java/J2EE.  ? Experience managing daily communication with an offshore development teams. Work Experience AEM Developer Northern Trust Corporation - Chicago, IL October 2017 to Present Involved in interacting with Application Development Manager in the analysis and estimation of work (building new cq5 custom templates, workflows and components) and interacting with Architects on the design and architecture for the team's deliverables.  Responsibilities:  ? Installed and configured AEM 6.1 of Adobe Web Content Management System and Apache Felix Admin Console.  ? Worked on creating/configuring comments, activity stream, linking blogs, calendar events and topic forums using library features of CQ5.  ? Worked on AEM - Sling models, slightly and Touch UI development.  ? Experienced in Day CQ and associated technologies like Sling, OSGI, Felix, Jackrabbit, JCR, and CRX. Providing technical assistance for development and maintenance of web applications utilizing CQ5 CMS.  ? Supported technical team members in resolution of functional and technical problems pertaining to Adobe CQ5.  ? Used Maven scripts to build the application and used the continuous integration server to deploy the bundles.  ? Worked on HTML, CSS, jQuery and EXT.JS for designing and implementing custom AEM components Perform CQ5 customization on foundation components, core CMS and workflows to extend functionalities, improve performance or fix issues on project level.  ? Worked on SQL for managing data and JavaScript, HTML, CSS for building webpages.  ? Customized component properties to meet the business requirements like action listeners, editConfig, drop targets, in place editing.  ? Used Maven scripts to build the application and used the continuous integration server to deploy the artifacts.  ? Worked on Apache Web Server configurations and Linux Server environments.  ? Involved in content migration from AEM 5.6.1 to AEM 6.0 and 6.0 to 6.1 Server Monitoring and implementing automated/custom maintenance tasks.  ? Experience in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) including image and Videos (Digital Asset Management- DAM)  ? Extensively used CQ5 tagging features, adding keywords for search engine optimization while developing components and templates.  ? Worked in DB2 RDBMS and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and working in a web services-based environment (SOAP / REST)  ? Developed code using JSP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS in CRDE lite/ CRXDE to build code blocks for components.  Environment: AEM 5.6.1, Spring, CQ DAM, CQ Tagging workflow, Apache Sling, CRXDE, JCR, JSP, SERVLETS, JAVASCRIPT, HTML, CSS, Ajax, Apache Maven, AngularJS, GIT, JIRA, Apache HTTP Server, JAXB, Servlets, Java, J2EE, AJAX. AEM/JAVA Developer Strategic Communications - Louisville, KY March 2015 to October 2017 Strategic Communications is an Information Technology (IT) Solutions company focused on Cloud Solutions, IT Security, Network Engineering , and A/V systems design. Founded in 1994, Strategic works with small businesses, commercial enterprises, SLED institutions and federal agencies across the United States delivering solutions to fit specific business requirements and end-user needs.  Responsibilities:  ? Worked on implementing landing/home page and other related page templates.  ? Developed Adobe templates & reusable components using HTML, JSP, JavaScript, CSS, Ajax.  ? Extensively used CQ5 tagging features in developing components and templates.  ? Analyze functional & business requirements for optimum utilization of CQ5 components & performance.  ? Developed digital consumer experiences based on foundation of the adobe CQ/AEM product suite used DAM for various Assets.  ? Used Maven scripts to build the application & used the continuous integration server to deploy the artifacts.  ? Worked with content Author to help authoring complex components.  ? Worked with external/internal applications which pull data from external J2EE apps, web services.  ? Coded Business services using Struts and interacted with the database using JDBC.  ? Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of application.  ? Used MVC architecture of Spring 3.0 for developing the application  ? Performed unit testing on developed modules & involved in trouble shooting the components.  ? Used SVN, GIT, Jenkins for continuous integration and nightly builds  ? Experience working in an agile environment, involved in daily standup meetings.  ? Created documentation & project specific configuration as wiki pages in confluence.  Environment: AEM 6.1, WCM, DAM, CQ5.6, Apache Sling, CRXDE, WCM, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Ajax & JQuery, and JIRA, UNIX, CRX, Struts, Servlets, GIT/SVN, WSAD, Jenkins, XML, DB2, JDBC, MVC, J2EE, Eclipse, UNIX. CQ5 Developer Sterlite Technologies - Ahmedabad, Gujarat January 2014 to March 2015 Involved in developing various CQ5 template & component end- end that supports the migration of existing Adobe CQ 5.6.1 to Adobe AEM 6.0 The platform interacts with multipleexternal services and consumes data from external  sources either a SOAP/REST web Services or files from FTP. The portal provides flexibility to maintain the content on the web application using adobe CQ 5.5 and AEM 5.6.1 features.    Responsibilities:  ? Understanding the business requirements and converting them to system specific AEM technical requirements.  ? Created an XHTML / CSS based icon, clip art, and graphical standards online repository.  ? Involved in development, implementation and configuring web content management solutions using AEM (Adobe CQ) and other technologies such as Java, HTML/DHTML, XML, JavaScript, and web services.  ? Migrated existing project from AEM 5.6.1 to AEM 6.0  ? Developed Templates, components using JSP and Slightly.  ? Configured replication and dispatcher flush.  ? Generating projects using Maven builds.  ? Worked on CQ5 Forms customization by developing the custom form fields, writing the custom constraints for form fields, and specifying the global validation resource type at the form level.  ? Experience in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) including image and Videos (Digital Asset Management - DAM).  ? Setup and configure Authoring and Publishing environments, replication agents, and CQ5 dispatcher to cache the landing pages' html and serve as the static pages from Apache.  ? Installation and Configuration of Author and Publish environments, replication agents, cache rewrite rules for routing the calls to AEM.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Restful Web Services using AJAX, JSON  ? Assisted in functioning of CQ5 solutions by documentation and validation procedures of non-functional requirements.  ? Analyze functional and business requirements for optimum utilization of CQ5 components and performance.  ? Train business users on how to use CQ5 to modify content and publish.  ? Provide estimates, designs, and specifications for CQ5 templates, components, and workflows.  ? Analyzed and resolved technical issues relating to content management  ? Developed more than 2 applications that uses JCR content repository in CQ to store information and query the JCR for display and reporting purposes.  ? Creating and maintain customer-facing Adobe CQ5 content management systems.  ? OSGI has been used to deploy dynamic libraries.  ? Implemented Sling servlets to provide Ajax handling.  ? Closely worked with different Business System Analysts, Scrum teams and other integrated systems while implementing the solutions for the needs of organization.  ? Content authoring and maintenance for test environments.  ? Used Vault eclipse and CRXDE extensively to perform development.  Environment: AEM 6.0, AEM WCM, AEM DAM, CQ 5.6.1, Workflows, Apache Sling, CRXDE, CRX, HTML, JSP, Servlets, Java Scripts, JQuery, Eclipse IDE, Apache Maven, JIRA, REST Web Services. JAVA/WEB Developer CSC - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2013 to January 2014 Actively involved in the design and development of the core interfaces, integration using web services  Responsibilities:  ? Contributed to the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), involving creation of business requirements document, technical requirements document, code development and testing.  ? Created UML class diagrams that depict the code's design and its compliance with the functional requirements  ? Design and develop User Interface using JSPs and HTML  ? Developed the logical portion in Java and user display using JSP, and Servlets  ? Developed Web Services to interact with internal applications.  ? Developed Java Database connection pool  ? Writing the JavaScript and designing the JSP GUI frame work  ? Developed GUI functionality using JSP, JSTL, Tiles, AJAX, ExtJS and jQuery.  ? Developed JSP custom tags, using JSP2.0.  ? Used Servlets to create the front end manipulated the web.xml file.  ? Designed several complex SQL queries involving sub queries and multiple joins  ? Extensively used the JDBC Prepared Statement to embed the SQL queries into the java code  ? Implemented the DAO pattern  ? Configured Data Sources on Web Sphere Test Environment 5.0 for efficient data access  ? Created complex SQL queries, PL/SQL queries and stored procedures to generate test records in the development database tables.  ? Involved in Writing and reviewing unit test cases using JUnit  ? Involved in Smoke Testing, Testing, bug fixing and documentation of the system  Environment:  Java 1.4, J2EE (EJB, JSP/Servlets, JDBC, XML), Day CMS, Core Java, Windows XP, Tomcat 5.0, Java, JSP, TML, JavaScript, CSS, Servlets, MySQL, Jdk1.4, JDBC, Web logic App server, JSON, JQuery. Front- End Web Developer Mitral Solutions Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana August 2011 to May 2013 Involved in the design and development of Web Application and Web Pages using web technologies and Created Templates, Custom Workflows, Widgets, dialogs, and design dialogs in CMS.    Responsibilities:  ? Experience building and extending large-scale custom WordPress websites  ? Expertise in CMS Implementation - Joomla, WordPress and Creating Emailers  ? Expertise in creating images, Design layouts using Photoshop  ? Experience in creating Templates, Custom Workflows, Widgets, dialogs, and design dialogs in CMS.  ? Built complex desktop - style UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX including configuration wizards and interactive reports.  ? Developed frontend layout and intro for home page using Fireworks.  ? Utilized the mail merge techniques in MS Word for the time reduction in sending certificates.  ? Extensively used images of the product for web and catalogue.  ? Web Application developed using Web Technologies 2.0.  ? Interactive Planning for the product development.  ? Used Flash Animations and Storyboard & User Flows for e-learning tutorials using human factor engineering design concepts.  ? According to client's requirement, developed project from scratch to end. Maintenance of Websites daily bases  Environment:Wordpress, Joomla, HTML, CSS, Java Script, XML, JQuery, MS Office, Photoshop, Adobe (Photoshop, Dreamweaver, After Effects, Premiere Pro, Illustrator, Facebook Campaign, Google Adwords Campaign, Email Marketing. Education Bachelor of Information Technology in Information Technology SRM University 2011 Skills Eclipse, J2ee, Java, Hibernate, Spring, Jboss, jquery, Jsp, Jstl, Servlets, Struts, C++, Git, Javascript, Jenkins, Json, Python, Svn, Xml, Ajax Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages Core Java, J2EE- Servlets, C, C++, Python, SQL  Enterprise Web Products Adobe AEM 5.6.1,6.0, 6.1,6.2.  Technologies  HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, DHTML, XHTML, DOM, Angular JS, jQuery, J2EE, XML, JSON, AJAX, JSP, Slightly, Servlets, JSP, JSTL, Portlets, RPC, JDBC, Web services (SOAP, REST)    Web/Application Servers Web Logic, Apache Tomcat, JBoss  Operating Systems MS Windows (10,8,XP,2000,98), Linux, Unix, Mac OS X.  Version Controls Systems GIT, SVN, ClearCase  Databases SQL ,Server 2008 ,My SQL, Oracle(9i,10g,11g), MongoDB  IDE & Repositories  RAD Eclipse, NetBeans, CRDXE, CRDXE lite, Brackets, Eclipse, Bower, Grunt, Net Beans, Adobe Dreamweaver, Notepad++, Bit bucket, TFS, RTC, GitHub, GitBlit, Jenkins, JIRA    SDLC Agile, Waterfall  Build Tools ANT, Maven, Jenkins  Framework Spring MVC, Apache Sling, Client-Server, MVC, J2EE, Servlets, Struts, Hibernate