Sr. iOS Developer Sr. iOS <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. iOS Developer - COMCAST Philadelphia, PA ? Around 7 years of experience as a software developer including about 5 Years of Professional Software experience in gathering requirements, Analysis, Design, Development, Maintenance of iOS Applications.  ? Deep knowledge in Object Oriented Programming concepts, Cocoa Touch, Core Services, and Xcode.  ? Hands-on experience working with software development methodologies like Agile methodologies, Waterfall model and Scrum Developments.  ? Contribute as an experienced iOS developer on an agile scrum delivery team, collaborating with product owners, developers, and testers to deliver business value on an iterative basis.  ? Strong knowledge of Apple Human Interface Experience.  ? Complete understanding of MVC architectural patterns and frameworks and comprehensive knowledge of memory management in Cocoa.  ? Familiar with Third-party Frameworks including Alamofire, SwiftyJSON, Realm, Kingfisher, SnapKit.  ? Strong knowledge in using databases such as SQLite, Core Data, Realm, Firebase  ? Experienced in XML and JSON parsing, multithreading using both iOS and 3rd party frameworks including SwiftyJSON, Alamofire.  ? Experienced with both SVN and GIT code repositories.  ? Publishing the application on the App store and then pushing updates after every new release.  ? Experience in creating and custom UIView, Table View, Collection View, Tab Bar and Navigation Bar which are some basic functionality in a Multi-View Application.  ? Experienced in working with table view rows and sections and customized cells.  ? Proficient in all aspects of iPhone/iPad application development including designing for all types of screen sizes and orientations. Comfortable with Auto Layout, Size Classes, XIBs, Storyboards, and even programmatic implementations that deal with orientation changes for iOS interfaces.  ? Experience with Location technologies (iBeacon, BLE), Push Notification technologies.  ? Experience in using SQLite Database, Content Providers and Sync Adapters for mobile data management.  ? Strong hands-on experience in design patterns and involved in various design activities.  ? Solid understanding of interfacing to back- end system using XML/JSON, REST API, OAuth, etc.  ? Demonstrated ability in working with memory management tools using Instruments and static analysis to track memory leaks and CPU activity.  ? Proficient in memory management in both Manual Retain Release and Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) environments.  ? Experience in writing XCTest for developed code.  ? Strong problem solving and decision-making skills with the ability to communicate effectively.  ? Ensure the delivery of high-quality software by writing clean code and utilizing pair programming, TDD, continuous integration and code reviews.  ? Continually seek to improve applications including system performance, functionality, code efficiency, and code defects.  ? Research and analyze the current system, subsystems and interfaces to understand the current or new process flow.  ? Experience working with JIRA for documentation and bug reporting  ? Good knowledge of AGILE methodology and vast experience working in on SCRUM environment Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. iOS Developer COMCAST - Philadelphia, PA April 2018 to Present Comcast is the brand for high-speed Internet and phone providers to residential customers under the XFINITY brand and provides these services to businesses. The project is to build the Xfinity Mobile Account App and architectural updates, code reviews, and development. As, Sr. iOS Developer, I am responsible for implementing new features, reviewing code, mentoring junior developers and updating the old apps.    Responsibilities  ? Involved in doing AGILE practices, attending daily agile (SCRUM) meetings, story grooming and SPRINT demo and retrospective meetings.  ? Developed the app in Xcode, coding in both Swift 3 and Swift 4.  ? Created and implemented localized Strings in preparation of easy transition into foreign language translations for market localization and alternative setting purposes.  ? Developed Navigation between views was a mixture of using UI Navigation Controller, UI Gesture Recognizer, and UI Popover Controller.  ? Involve in Code Review, Code Fixes, and Bug Fixes.  ? Work with Core Data to store the parsed data.  ? Adding Analytics checks within the app for better tracking.  ? Experience working with and parsing both XML and JSON data from RESTful APIs.  ? Implemented Analytics tracking in the application and managed analytic data via Firebase.  ? Use Alamofire with SwiftyJSON to hit an API and fetch some results, parse them and show the results in an UITableViewController.  ? Worked on integrating iOS Charts pod and used it to make bar charts.  ? Used Auto-layout and size classes to create an adaptive layout.  ? Implemented localizations on the application.  ? Created custom views using core graphics.  ? Worked with GIT to checkout and update the codebase changes.  ? Working with Subversions to checkout and update the codebase changes.  ? Used Grand Central Dispatch to optimize request & response web service calls which updated UI seamlessly  ? Profiled the application using Instruments to monitor performance leaks, memory optimizations, and battery use  ? Responsible for App Support and latest versions compatibility.  ? Coordinate with QA to ensure testing conforms to design and requirements.  ? Continuously tested application using TestFlight to fine-tune the product.    Environment: XCode 9/10, Swift 4x/5x, iOS 11/12, UIKit, MapKit, iPhone SDK, JSON, GCD, SQLite, iBeacon, Agile Sprint Planning, RESTful Web Services.Instruments, MVC, Github, Cocoapods, Test Flight, SwiftyJSON. iOS Developer Autodesk Inc - Plano, TX November 2016 to March 2018 Autodesk Inc. is an American multinational software corporation that makes software services for the architecture, engineering, construction, manufacturing, media, education, and entertainment industries. Autodesk SketchBook is the painting and drawing application which is available in different operating system. As an iOS Developer, I mostly worked with the UIKit framework to display content on screen and facilitate user interactions with responders and gesture recognizers.    ? Worked in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules.  ? Worked in Jira for tracking and assigning of tasks and continuous integration.  ? Worked on building the app in an MVC pattern.  ? The UI was updated with new brushes options with color editors.  ? To comply with the Swift Coding Style, made and used of Protocols and Extensions.  ? Implemented the drag and drop interactions within the app.  ? Implement the common access menu items with the UIKit Gestures, touches and presses.  ? Try the new ruler and ellipse tools to place precise lines or elliptical shapes, such as circles in perspective, by adjusting the position, size, rotation, and aspect ratio of the drawing guides.  ? Implemented the CALayer for reposition the line of symmetry, anywhere on the canvas, for precise control.  ? Used UIImagePickerController for taking pictures and choosing items from the user's media library.  ? Used Keychain wrapper to safely store the user's card details and address in the personal profile.  ? Developed navigation between various views with a combination of UINavigationController, Segues, and UIGestureRecognizer.  ? Worked with Crashlytics to fix crashes to improve user experience  ? Handle different response of a request made by the Alamofire.  ? Used GIT under the branching model and using a private repository for version control of the source.  ? Worked on parsing the JSON data from the database using Codable protocols.  ? Used instruments to improve the performance of the app  ? Used Core Data to save a user's previous orders for quick reorder  ? Tested the end application for any relevant bugs to resolve memory management issues using Instruments.  ? Adding Analytics checks within the app for better tracking.  ? Used XCTest Framework for creating unit test cases.    Environment: Xcode (7/8), Swift (4x/3x), iOS(11.x/10.x), MVC, Github, UIKit, Networking, Agile, Scrum iOS Developer T-Mobile - Bellevue, WA June 2015 to October 2016 T-mobile is itself the brand name in the mobile communications world which is a subsidiary of the German telecommunications company Deutsche Telekom AG. The project is to build the customer service mobile application allowing their clients to pay their bills, track their mobile data usage, shop for phones, contact customer support, and various other services.    Responsibilities:  ? Project managed using Agile/Scrum methodology; code delivered in 2 weeks sprints.  ? Worked in an existing hybrid codebase utilizing Swift 2 and Objective-C.  ? Customized UI components using Core Graphics and CALayer, including UIVIews, UIButtons, UITableViews, UITabBars, etc with provided wireframes and mock.  ? Worked extensively to improve the UI/UX fluidity by multithreading individual processes.  ? Performed backend RESTful API calls made using URLSession for requests and responses using callbacks and delegation.  ? Refactored codebase to ensure secure web service requests by using HTTPS.  ? Utilized JSONSerialization to parse the information received from the server.  ? Executed unit tests within Xcode using the XCTest library.  ? Implemented Core Data to store sensitive user information in the phone, utilizing the Keychain to securely store minimal amounts of sensitive information.  ? Helped in the creation of a generic module for Push Notifications.  ? Lead code reviews with developers in the development process and collaborated to solve any problems that arose.  ? Actively reviewed codebase, detecting bugs before they appeared and provided solutions promptly.  ? Developed in both production and QA environments, adjusting the codebase for the two different schemes to segregate testing.  ? Worked on a mobile team composed of several other iOS and Android developers, one designer, a dedicated QA team and the server team.  Environment: Xcode (7.x), Swift (2.x/3.x), iOS 9.x, Instruments, Git, iPhone/ iPad, Agile Methodology, Objective-C, CocoaPods, JSON, Core Data, Git. Mobile Developer NCR CORPORATION - Atlanta, GA January 2014 to April 2015 The NCR Corporation is a US-based computer hardware, software, and Electronics Company that provides products and services that enable businesses to connect, interact and transact with their customers. The pulse banking application takes the data from NCR Vision and OptiSuite and summarizes it into an NCR Pulse Banking applications in mobile Devices. As the mobile developer in the project, I was involved in preparing documents, developing the test, consumed and hosted web services and developing UI for mobile applications.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in preparing the understanding document and test estimates for the project.  ? Involved in developing test plans, creating and executing test cases, identifying defects and raising tickets in Jira.  ? Have performed functional, Integration, Regression and Acceptance Testing.  ? Consumed and hosted web services using Rest.  ? Developed UI for mobile applications in various platforms.  ? Hands on experience in SQL, Procedures, Triggers and Views and created tables for the automated test cases to save the results.  ? Fixed several bugs reported by the manager.  ? Worked on Web Services JSON parsing included in the project.  ? Implemented NS Operation Queue and NSURL Connection to integrate with backend web services.  ? Involved in Code Review, code fixes, and bug Fixes.  ? Worked on the project in different environments.    Environment: Xcode 6x, SQL, Jira, Git, REST, JSON, Instruments, Objective-C Front End Web Developer YOMORI Inc - Kathmandu, NP February 2012 to December 2013 Nepal    One of the oldest tech companies in Nepal is Yomari Inc. Yomari is known for its banking software. As a web developer, I was responsible for designing, coding and modifying client websites, from layout to function and according to the client's specifications.    Responsibilities:  ? Regular meeting with the business stakeholders and executive management.  ? Planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products and organizational units.  ? Collaborate with back- end developers.  ? Created visually appealing sites that feature user-friendly design, cross-browser compatibility and web functions and standards.  ? Developing new user-facing features  ? Handling and deep functional experience with Web Services (REST and SOAP) Education Bachelor's in Software Engineering in Pokhara Pokhara University December 2011 Skills Design patterns, Git, Html, Javascript, Json, Objective c, Swift, Xml, Ios, Mvc, Restful web services, Xcode, Css, Web services, Mvvm, Jira, Sqlite, Frameworks, Animation, Macos Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Languages Swift 4.x/5.x, Objective C, C, JavaScript, XML, HTML, CSS  Frameworks Cocoa Touch, Core Foundation, UIKit, Core Location, Core Data, Core Animation, Notification Center, WebKit, XCTest,  Web Services RESTful Web Services, JSON, XML  IDE/Tools XCode, Git, JIRA  Operating System iOS, macOS, Windows  Databases Core Data, Realm, SQLite,  Design Patterns MVC, MVVM, Singleton