UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> ui developer Albany, NY • 8 years of extensive professional experience as a UI/ Front- End/Web Developer using Angular2/4/5/6, JavaScript, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Java, Bootstrap, AJAX, JSON and jQuery to get best cross-browser user experience for long-term user relation and engagement.  • Technical expertise in working with various web technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript framework, jQuery, XML, SASS, LESS, Bootstrap, JIRA, Ajax, JSON, Angular JS 1.x/Angular 2/4/5/6, React JS.  • Experienced in MEAN stack development Mongo dB, Express, Node, and Angular.  • Good experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Extensive knowledge in developing single - page applications (SPAs).  • Working knowledge of Web protocols and standards (HTTP HTML5/XHTML/XHTML-MP, CSS3, Web Forms, XML, XML parsers)  • Good experience on customizing CSS frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation using CSS pre-processors LESS or SASS and Compass.  • Implemented easy to use Bootstrap plugins for building carousel, accordion, modal windows etc.  • Expert in resolving User Interface issues using various front- end technologies such as HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular.js1.x, Angular.js 5.0/6.0 and AJAX.  • Experience applying the latest development approaches including MVC in the browser, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON, Angular.js and XML.  • Expertise in Client Side designing and validations using HTML, HTML5 and Java Script.  • Experience in Web Services like REST, SOAP, WSDL and good Knowledge in SOA.  • Good experience in developing web Applications using Spring MVC, Spring Tool Suite framework implementing Action Controllers, Action Forms, Spring Validation Framework and Spring Tag Libraries.  • Proficiency with various design tools such as Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash.  • Well versed with various software development methodologies - Waterfall, Agile, and Scrum.  • Good Expertise in analyzing the Document Object Model (DOM) Layout, DOM Functions, and Java Script functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Fire Bug, Developer Tool Bar.  • Experience with UI technologies such as Angular 2/5/6, Bootstrap 4/5, React js, JavaScript, AJAX.  • Experience in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, plus Redux, Animations and Flux concept.  • Expertise in using Angular (2/4/5) Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services, Templates, Events and Injectors.  • Experience in Node environment using Node.js, NPM, Grunt, Gulp, Groovy Bower.  • Strong in using the Node.js, and Require.js and MVC Frameworks in the development of the web application  • Expertise in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications using JAVA along with spring, Servlets.  • Extensive experience in developing applications using Java and various J2EE technologies including java/J2EE technologies JAVA, Spring, REST, SOAP, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, Hibernate, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, EJB, XML, and JMS.  • Expertise in writing SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers with Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL, DB2 and MS-SQL Server.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Expertise in RESTful, SOAP web services to integrate between Application to Application  • Experience with front- end development with back- end system integration.  • Proficient in using Unit.js testing framework along with Jasmine, Karma, Protractor, Mocha test runners  • Good Experience in Bug tracking tools like JIRA, HP Quality Center and Bugzilla  • Experience in Version Control tools like CVS, GIT, SVN and Clear-Case for Source Code version management.  • Expertise in using IDE tools such as Notepad ++, Web Matrix, Eclipse, Sublime Text Editor, IntelliJ IDEA, Brackets and Web Storm  • Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment Agile Scrum, Agile Kanban and participating in Scrum sessions.  • Ability to work effectively while working as a team member as well as individually.  • Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to attain project deadlines under stressful environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience UI Developer Statefarm - Bloomington, IL January 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Analyzing system requirements, including identifying program interactions and appropriate interfaces between affected components and sub systems. Identify the dependencies on other applications, components and sub systems.  • Making design recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code  • Participating in Sprint Planning, Tasking and Estimation of the assigned work  • Responsible for the development of re-usable services, user interfaces, unit testing, and code reviews  • May lead assigned projects, including assigning tasks, coordinating efforts, and providing technical guidance  • Experience working with Single Page Application using Angular Java Script  • Hands on experience in building an enterprise scale highly componentized application using Angular Java Script  • Proficient in industry standard best practices such as Design Patters, Coding Standards, Coding modularity, Prototypes etc  • Financial Services Domain Knowledge.  • Used Bootstrap and Angular UI to make the application user-friendly in the development of the Navigation bars, Tables, Sliders, Calendars etc.  • Implemented the bootstrap pre-build structures for responsive design and compatible over all devices.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Wed Design and media queries. UI Front End Developer UnitedHealth Group - Minneapolis, MN April 2018 to January 2019 UnitedHealth Group, commonly referred to as UnitedHealth, is a major American Health Insurance Company headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is the world's largest Health Insurance company in terms of revenue, customers. The UnitedHealth IT predominantly referred to as Optum designs, develops and maintains massively scaling Health technology solutions that are brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics and digital solutions. The Senior Developer's role is to lead the efforts to plan, design, develop and launch efficient systems and solutions in support of core organizational function    Responsibilities:  • Involved in the software development process of the project, including designing, coding and testing of the application.  • Worked in Agile methodology for the entire project development process.  • Implemented the front- end responsive web application of transportation using HTML, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, Bootstrap, JSON, jQuery, JavaScript, Angular 4/6.  • Implementation of a responsive UI which will scale itself depending on the device, platform and browser using Angular 5/6, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Webpack, Angular-cli.  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by angular 6.  • Created single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding more user experience to make dynamic by using Angular 6.0 framework and Node JS.  • Used a Bootstrap 3.0 from Angular4.0 platform and point it to the root component of the application instead of Angular ng-app.  • Worked on Angular 6 by consuming Restful web services & Used Angular 2.0 forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  • Created Angular 4 components, implemented Interpolation, input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the click event, Component decorator, binding to the hidden property.  • Worked on Typography, Notifications, Timeout functions, cards, Dialogs, Forms, Tables, Switches, Icons, Dashboards, Widgets, Charts and buttons for developing Bootstrap 4 using Angular 4.  • Worked on Angular Material 4 components for theming purposes & Performed client-side validations.  • Used AJAX for implementing dynamic Web Pages where the content was fetched via API calls and updated the DOM (JSON Parsing).  • Used Bootstrap and Angular UI to make the application user-friendly in the development of the Navigation bars, Tables, Sliders, Calendars etc.  • Implemented the bootstrap pre-build structures for responsive design and compatible over all devices.  • Worked on creating responsive website for smart devices using Responsive Wed Design and media queries.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  • Created dynamic HTML5 pages with JavaScript and CSS3 for their Intranet software product.  • Designed Free marker templates based on the requirements using SASS, CSS and JavaScript.  • Created HTML mockups for mobile as well as Tablet devices as per UID using CSS3 and HTML5 for both landscape and Portrait view.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side with in the forms.  • Designed and developed User Interface Web Forms using Adobe Flash, CSS, Dreamweaver, and JavaScript.  • Created Images, Logos and Icons that are used across the web pages using Adobe Flash, Dream weaver, and Photoshop.  • Worked upon the dashboard for the project which contained a variety of charts and drag gable components using JQUERY UI Library.  • Written Ajax driven JSON consuming JavaScript functions to save User selections such as radio button, drop-down menu selections into a cookie.  • Involved in creating Unit tested Angular JS Components.  • Implemented unit testing using Jasmine and Karma.  • Involved in designing test plans, test cases and overall Unit testing of the system.  • Used SVN for version control and JIRA for defect tracking.  • Monitored team members to follow standards, guide lines and use new tools.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 4, LESS, SASS, Responsive Web Design, JQuery UI, JSON, XML, Photoshop, Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver, AJAX, JSON, MongoDB, SVN, Jira and Windows. Front End/ UI Developer Wells Fargo - Phoenix, AZ January 2017 to March 2018 The goal of the project was to develop and maintain the web-based CRM applications that help businesses manage business-customer relationships    Responsibilities:  • Followed agile methodology, interacted with the client, provide/take feedback on the features, suggest/implement optimal solutions and tailored application to customer needs.  • Worked with PO, Business System Analyst to gather and analyze the business requirements.  • Developed dynamic web pages using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, Bootstrap, jQuery, D3JS, AngularJS, React.JS, Node.JS, LESS, SASS.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, DHTML, XHTML, and CSS3 based on the W3C standards.  • Developed web pages using HTML5, JavaScript, DOM, JSON, jQuery, and AJAX, Angular 2, Node JS, D3.js.  • Worked on CSS Background, CSS Positioning, CSS Text, CSS Border, Pseudo-classes, Pseudo elements etc.  • Worked on Bootstrap, LESS to develop User Interface with responsive design.  • Involved in developing HTML, XML, and JavaScript for client-side presentation and, data validation on the client side within the forms.  • Used JavaScript and GWT to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Used AJAX to reduce the network load and update only the certain components of the website.  • Built REST Web services by building Node JS server in the back- end to handle request from front- end jQuery Ajax calls.  • Debugged the website using Chrome Developer's tool and manipulated the nodes using DOM functions.  • Used JSON for data exchange between client and server.  • Used JIRA tool for task assignment, bug tracking and fixture.  • Managed dependencies using Bower and used service version tool GitHub. Worked with IDEs like Sublime text, Brackets, etc.  • Used grunt to create project structure and for managing UI module dependencies.  • Wrote unit test cases using Mocha and Chai.  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  • Designed / Developed Ajax Driven Web-based application using JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, JSP and Servlets.  • Developed different jQuery component in MVC micro-architecture framework which internally use various design pattern such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Created Dynamic Wireframes, HTML Wireframes, Dynamic Screenshots, and Sitemaps.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX, j Query, JSON, DOM, Angular 2.0, Node JS, D3.js, Bootstrap, Mongo DB, MVC, XML, Agile, Visual Studio, GIT, Grunt, Mocha, Chai. Java Front End Developer Sprint Corp October 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Actively involved in all aspects of the system design.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Worked extensively on design and development of UX, UI, IA, HTML, CSS, jQuery  • Worked with complete redesigns of a daily events website and focused on improving readability, utility, and overall UX.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in Angular.js design.  • Developed application for different browsers and fixed bugs for browser compatibility.  • Interacted and worked with cross-functional teams.  • Used Java script, Grunt.js and Angular.js 2.0 for client-side validations.  • Pretty good knowledge on Typescript.  • Worked on spring and Hibernate.  • Expertise in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications using JAVA along with spring, Servlets.  • Extensive experience in developing applications using Java and various J2EE technologies including java/J2EE technologies JAVA, Spring, REST, SOAP, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, Hibernate, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, EJB, XML, and JMS.  • Expertise in writing SQL, PL/SQL, Stored Procedures, Cursors, Triggers with Oracle 9i/10g, MySQL, DB2 and MS-SQL Server.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Expertise in RESTful, SOAP web services to integrate between Application to Application  • Worked on various JavaScript Frameworks depending on the use case (e.g. jQuery, React JS, Angular JS 1.0 & 2.0).  • Worked on Responsive web pages (RWD) using Bootstrap, RESTful API web development and media queries.  • Brief experience on implementing the Angular.js in creating animations based on CSS classes.  • Used MongoDB as cross-platform storage for load balancing, indexing and file storage.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Worked on JavaScript tools like Grunt, Gulp, NPM and Bower.  • Involved in implementing data grid/tables using Bootstrap and Angular.js for front- end client facing of the Single Page applications (SPA).  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Worked closely with back- end developers to find ways to push the limits of existing Web technology in service of creating the best possible user experience.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Created various interactive plug-ins, widgets or design UI/UX.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Wrote code to implement AJAX based application by fetching the response from backend API as a part of JSON.  • Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions for web verticals.  • Elegantly implemented page designs in standards-compliant dynamic XHTML and CSS  • Design User Interface for the project using HTML, CSS, and Flash.  • Developed JavaScript library for rendering domain-specific layout XML to the web.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, Dreamweaver CS5, AJAX, JSON, ECLIPSE, MS Office, SVN UI Developer US Bank, Minneapolis July 2014 to October 2015 Responsibilities:  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS based on the W3C standards.  • Developed data formatted web applications and deploy the script using client-side scripting using JavaScript.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web-based customer application.  • Worked with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Ability to rapidly prototype interface designs in hand-coded validating, standards-compliant, and semantically-rich code and be aware of cross-browser compatibility and bugs.  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the jQuery framework  • Created and optimized graphic prototype websites and applications interfaces using HTML and CSS.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.  • Designed table-less layouts using CSS3 and appropriate HTML tags as per W3C standards  • Created optimized graphic websites and application interfaces using HTML, CSS and jQuery UI.  • Experience working closely with Business Analysts and Product team in understanding the technical requirements.  • Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects and checking cross platform compatibility.  • Worked in teams where requirements were constantly being implemented and tested.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XM, ECLIPSE, SVN. Software Engineer UHG - Hyderabad, Telangana March 2011 to May 2014 Responsibilities  • Involved in development, design and implementation front end part of the widget-based application using HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON.  • Used HTML for markup and used CSS media queries to support for Responsive development.  • Used jQuery plugins autocomplete, validation, drag and drop and more exceptionally.  • Developed a dynamic and secure front- end that consumes our API using jQuery.  • Expertise in implementing the MVC architecture in backend applications using JAVA along with spring, Servlets.  • Extensive experience in developing applications using Java and various J2EE technologies including java/J2EE technologies JAVA, Spring, REST, SOAP, JAX-WS, JAX-RS, Hibernate, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, JSTL, EJB, XML, and JMS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Expertise in RESTful, SOAP web services to integrate between Application to Application  • Involved in implementation of MVC pattern using JavaScript, JSF and Spring Controller.  • Wrote jQuery function while implementing various UI Screens across the whole web application (both consumers facing as well as internal application).  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Extensively participated in developing the website across different browsers and performed cross-browser testing.  • Co-ordinated for Testing, unit testing using J unit, preparation of Test case design document & Review of test plans.  • Used HTML for audio and video playback with third party plugins.  • To analyze the requirements and develop enhancements that will mostly benefit users.  • Used HTML to develop websites.  • Modified the existing website by adding suitable naming conventions and coding standards.  • Worked with user interfaces and applied usability principle to portals.  • Primary role was to improve GUI, solve the navigational issues and provide support to the senior web developers.  • Worked extensively with the File management and image libraries.  • To control the usability, aesthetics, speed and communication of the websites.  • Created an inline-edit and widget-collapse feature for the web page.  • Used Wireframes to draw the user requirements.  • Developed clickable prototypes in HTML, DHTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Tested web sites and fixed any existing bugs using Firebug.  • Provide maintenance to several websites.  • Responsible for code optimization and test the website across different browsers.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, XML, XSLT, XPATH, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, JSON, AJAX, DOM,Eclipse, Sub Version, SVN version control. Education JNTU Hyderabad - Hyderabad, Telangana 2010