PHP/ Front End Developer PHP/<span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> PHP/ Front End Developer Philadelphia, PA • Over 8 years of experience as PHP Developer and UI Developer in analysis, design, development and management of web using PHP, Linux, MySQL, Apache, Laravel, WordPress, Drupal, Magento, RESTful API, SOAP/XML, Web Services, Microservices, Docker, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, Angular and React/Redux.  • Experience in developing web applications using Object Oriented Programming (OOP) in PHP 5/7.  • Experience in design, development, testing, maintenance, content management, and system administration of websites with Linux/Windows, Apache/Nginx, MySQL/PostgreSQL and PHP (LAMP & WAMP) architecture.  • Hands on experience in MVC (Model View Controller) architecture-based web application like Laravel and Symfony.  • Experience in API Integrations, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Microservices.  • Experience in implementing PHP Microservices for web applications by creating RESTful API using PHP.  • Implemented SOA architecture with web services using PHP, SOAP, WSDL and XML.  • Handled and managed data in Databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and MongoDB in writing Stored Procedures, Constraints, Indexes, and View.  • Extended experience in CMS (Content Management Systems) such as WordPress, Magento and Drupal.  • Experience in Drupal Custom Themes, Custom Modules and API such as Node, Entity, Views and RESTful Web Services API.  • Worked on WordPress CMS development that encompasses WordPress Theme and Plugin Development.  • Experience in developing E-Commerce applications with Magento 1.x and Magento 2.x.  • Worked on transforming Photoshop PSD into finished WordPress websites.  • Hands on Experience on Angular technologies for one complete project.  • Experienced in MEAN (MongoDB, Express, Angular and Node.js) Stack on Single Page Applications (SPA) development.  • Proficient in creating Angular Services like $http to make RESTful API calls to backend.  • Hand-on experience in using Angular UI Router to create the routing structure for different pages, and data parsing and transmission between different states of the application.  • Solid knowledge in Angular UI Bootstrap, Angular Material, and Font Awesome to add functionalities.  • Experienced in using different JavaScript based packages libraries like D3.js and Chart.js.  • Experience in CSS3 preprocessors such as SASS and LESS to optimize the cascading style sheet.  • Strong experience in Responsive Web Applications using CSS3 Media Queries and Bootstrap for different layout according to the user's device.  • Experience in handling JSON parsing along with AJAX calls to render the web pages with dynamic content.  • Experienced in all the phases of SDLC and Quality Assurance/Testing.  • Hands-on experience in development testing tools, such as PHPUnit, Jasmine and Karma.  • Strong experience in testing and handling Cross-browser compatibility issues across various browsers and platforms using polyfill solutions like Modernizr and Webshim.  • Experience with version control tools GIT, JavaScript package management tools NPM.  • Hands-on experience on collaboration tools such as JIRA, Confluence and Basecamp.  • Experience in Agile and Scrum development methodology, Test-Driven Development (TDD), Behavior-driven development (BDD), and Continuous Integration and Delivery with Jenkins.  • Deep understanding of Data Structure and Algorithm.  • Good Team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills and also capable of working independently even under high-pressure challenges.  • Strong analytical capabilities, ability to quickly learn new technologies and adapt to new environments, great logical thinking and grasping ability.  • Up to date knowledge with the latest industry trends. Ability to manage commitments to project deadlines, and under strict time constraints. Work Experience PHP/ Front End Developer LevLane Advertising - Philadelphia, PA February 2018 to March 2019 Responsibilities:  • Using PHP to develop a WordPress plugin to generate robot.txt files for WordPress Multisite.  • Worked on Open Graph meta tag for Facebook share button.  • Worked with web designers to develop user interfaces for web applications.  • Used Photoshop and Dreamweaver to convert PSD files into HTML/CSS templates for Email marketing.  • Changed website User Interface based on clients' requirements.  • Responsible for investigating and resolving application functionality related issues and providing first level support and troubleshooting.  • Attended stand-up meeting every morning to give a brief summary of the work done yesterday.  • Managed the code using the GIT version control tool.  • Used Basecamp for project management and team communication.    Environment: PHP, WordPress, PSD, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, LAMP Stack, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Open Graph PHP Developer/ Front End UI/UX Developer Alliance Bankcard Services - Industry, CA May 2017 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  • Implemented a payment gateway to transfer transactions to the credit card processor using PHP, XML, HTTPS, and POST.  • Integrated the back- end platform with the APIs provided by Converge and Authorize.Net to implement credit card verification and processing.  • Developed a RESTful API on the platform for data exchange between POS and backend using PHP and JSON.  • Secured the Credit Card Data using the encryption technology provided by MySQL.  • Used Laravel Framework to implement the back- end platform with MVC (Model View Controller) architecture.  • Implemented the user login authentication using Laravel ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  • Created Master-Slave replication on MySQL database to backup data.  • Developed the back- end platform as Single Page Application using Angular framework.  • Designed dynamic and browser compatible pages using HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, Bootstrap, JSON and JavaScript.  • Used Angular UI Router to establish routing between nested html views.  • Applied RxJS and Observables to validate the information entered by the users in the reactive forms.  • Apply animation when events happened using Angular.  • Used Angular created custom-directives and custom-filters for data manipulations and to display data.  • Worked with the Bootstrap Grid structure and the CSS media queries to make the application responsive.  • Built a WordPress website for the company according to business requirements.  • Used testing frameworks PHPUnit, Karma and Jasmine and followed the TDD to develop the entire application.  • Responsible for checking cross-browser compatibility issues and worked on different browsers like Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.  • Used GIT for version control management.  • Assisted business analysts to figure out the technical aspects of the project and analyzed the requirements to design the back- end platform and the company's website.  • Worked in Agile methodology and attended daily Scrum meetings to access the current progress in a Sprint.    Environments: PHP, RESTful API, API Integration, Laravel, Linux, MySQL, JSON, XML, HTTPS, WordPress, Angular, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Responsive Design, GIT, SASS, PHPUnit, Karma, Agile/Scrum, TDD. PHP/MYSQL Developer Henrial Corp - Walnut, CA December 2015 to April 2017 Responsibilities  • Developed the website using LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP) architecture, Laravel, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and involved in complete User interface design.  • Created a RESTful API for data exchange using PHP.  • Tested the website based on client specification using PHPUnit.  • Redesigned the company's websites including website layout modification and responsive web design optimization using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.  • Involved in converting the website in different languages.  • Migrated websites to a Cloud Linux server so as to get a 90 percent budget reduction in server rental annually.  • Responsible for investigating and resolving application functionality related issues and providing first level support and troubleshooting.  • Meet with the stakeholders to determine website goals and develop strategies for creating a strong web presence.  • Created demos for the fabric material website.  • Participated in program meetings during the development phase.    Environment: PHP, Linux, MySQL, RESTful API, Nginx, PHPUnit, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap. Front End Developer/PHP Developer TFX Tech Inc - Los Angeles, CA March 2014 to November 2015 Responsibilities  • Created an e-commerce website for handbag wholesale company using Magento 2, PHP, Linux, MySQL, Apache.  • Integrate the Authorize.Net's API to the application for online ordering and payment processing.  • Developed a Custom Magento Extension for wholesale order purpose based on the client's need using PHP and JavaScript, jQuery and CSS3.  • Convert static design wireframes to Magento template/theme using responsive design.  • Solved cross-browser compatibility issues on Android and iPhone in mobile design.  • Built a responsive WordPress website with WooCommerce for a restaurant.  • Created a responsive UI interface in WordPress from PSD files and worked with the graphic design team.  • Optimized the website's load speed by implementing caching technique like Varnish.  • Created tickets and report issues to project manager in Jira.  • Worked across the team on the project, attended stand up meeting every weekday.  • Managed the code using GIT and source tree in a Linux system, worked in different GIT branches on a test server.  • Deployed new features to the production site. Tested new features and functions with PHPUnit.    Environments: PHP, API Integration, Magento 2, WordPress, WooCommerce, Linux, MySQL, HTTPS, PHPUnit, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Responsive Design, GIT, Agile/Scrum, TDD. UI/Angular.JS Developer AsiaInfo - Guangzhou, CN July 2011 to February 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Closely worked with Business Analyst and UI designers to develop UI modules.  ? Involved in build next-generation user experience for the layout.  ? Developed all the UI pages using AngularJS, HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap and JSON.  ? Used Angular.JS framework where data from the backend is stored in a model and populated it to UI.  ? Used Angular.JS factory and services for dependency injection.  ? Using Angular.JS created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format.  ? Used $http in Angular.JS for consuming RESTful web-services.  ? Used Angular.JS routers like "UI Router" to establish routing between nested HTML views.  ? Proficiently used custom Angular.JS Filter, Directive, and Service to achieve the various functionalities.  ? Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  ? Used Bootstrap for responsiveness and expertise in Grid Control System.  ? Developed and implemented UI controls and API's using Angular.JS.  ? Used two-way data Binding techniques and custom filters.  ? Manipulated data using CRUD operations of the MongoDB database management system and handled database access and data transmission based on RESTful web service  ? Used Node.js to run the application on the grunt server.  ? Used Protractor for end-to- end testing and Karma for unit testing.  ? Used Grunt to compile Sass files and JavaScript files.  ? Managed and administered multiple instances of GIT, including Dev server and Production server.    PHP Developer  Responsibilities  • Developed e-commerce websites with PHP 5, Magento 1.x and WooCommerce.  • Implemented themes and developed Magento based extensions.  • Integrated Payment and Shipping APIs into the Magento based websites.  • Perform site building activities, including creating and modifying views.  • Added jQuery, Ajax and JavaScript functionalities for the user interface.  • Extended functionalities as per client requirements and used JavaScript in handling client-side validation.  • Involved in designing and managing the database with MySQL.  • Created and customized search module and content indexing.  • Wrote development reports as for the requirement.  • Managed the code using the GIT code control tool.  • Wrote smoke tests for all created functionalities and page flow.  • Participated in team meeting including QA, Business, Web Designers and daily scrum meeting.  • Conducted development review meeting and involved in demo meetings.  • Participated in board meetings for getting Partners feedback and vision behind the development.  • Developed, tested, and maintained websites on Linux server.    Environment: PHP 5, Magento, WordPress, WooCommerce, Linux, Apache Server, MySQL, HTML, CSS, jQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, AngularJS, RESTful API, Web Services, Node.js, Grunt, TDD, Karma, Agile Methodology, Git. Education Bachelor's Skills Ajax (2 years), Apache (5 years), Bootstrap (6 years), Dreamweaver (1 year), GIT (6 years), HTML5 (3 years), JavaScript (7 years), Jira. (1 year), jQuery (6 years), JSON. (3 years), Linux (6 years), MongoDB (2 years), MySQL. (6 years), Nginx (1 year), Photoshop (1 year), PHP (7 years), SASS (3 years), testing (3 years), Unix (Less than 1 year), version control (1 year) Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages: PHP 5/7, Java, Python, C/C#, HTML5, CSS3/SCSS, JavaScript, Ajax, JSON, XML.  Content Management Systems (CMS): WordPress, Drupal 7/8 and Magento 1.x/2.x  Frameworks/Libraries: Laravel, CodeIgniter, Symfony, Zend Framework, Angular, React/Redux, Angular Material, D3.js, Chart.js, Node.js, jQuery, RxJS, Prototype JS, Bootstrap, LESS, SASS, Font-awesome, RabbitMQ.  Databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, SQL Server, Radis, Oracle, MongoDB.    Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall, Test Driven Development, Behavior Driven Development  IDE & Tools: VS Code, Composer, Selenium, Gulp, Grunt, Firebug, Developer Tools, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, SharePoint, JIRA, Confluence, Maven, SEO, SMTP, Google Analytics.  Testing Tools/Framework: PHPUnit, Codeception, Jasmine, Karma, QUnit.  Version Control: GIT, Bitbucket  Deployment: AWS, Jenkins, Docker, Vagrant, Apache, Nginx, IIS  Operation System: Windows, Unix/Linux, MacOS