Sr. Front End Developer Sr. <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Front End Developer - Safeway New York, NY ? Over 7+ years of experience in Developing User Interface(UI) Rich Web Applications, and Web Service Applications using Front End/User Interface(UI) Technologies like HTML 4.0/5, CSS3, XHTML, XML, Object Oriented JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 2/4/5, jQuery, React.js, NodeJS, MongoDB, Bootstrap, WordPress, Ajax Concepts, CSS3 Media Queries, Gulp, Grunt, Webpack.  ? Proficiency in the Entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) especially Agile Methodologies, Scrum team structure for Development process, and Waterfall model.  ? Experienced in using Front End editors like WebStorm, NetBeans, Visual studio, Sublime, Eclipse, Adobe Photoshop, Dreamweaver.  ? Extensive experience in developing professional User Interactive (UI) of Web applications with the help of HTML5, Bootstrap, JavaScript, RWD (Responsive Web Design), jQuery, CSS, Consuming RESTful web API layer that generates JSON data to populate DOM of the Web Application.  ? Having good knowledge of latest version of Object Oriented JavaScript along with good understanding of design pattern like MVC architecture and building responsive web applications using CSS3 Media Queries, Bootstrap and AngularJS.  ? Proficient in JavaScript Frameworks like AngularJS 1.x to develop responsive Single Page Application (SPA) and Dynamic Web Applications using MVC Architecture and created POC's and initial integration for Angular 2/4.  ? Basic Knowledge of Native Script and native mobile applications.  ? Good experience with Form Validation by Regular Expression and jQuery plugins, Reactive Forms, and Template Driven Forms.  ? Strong experience with jQuery, jQuery plugins (Validator, Drag and Drop, AutoComplete), AJAX, Dynamic HTML (DHTML) and JSON.  ? Expertise in version control systems like GIT and SVN to manage and control software development with GitHub and Bitbucket and project management tools like JIRA and Rally.  ? Experience in TDD (Test Driven Development) and used Jasmine as testing framework and used Karma as a test runner.  ? Experience working with debugging tools like Firebug, Firebug Lite, Chrome Developer Tools, and Web Inspector.  ? Knowledge of Amazon Web Services - EC2, SSS, Database  ? Deep understanding of Databases such as MongoDB, SQL Server, MySQL and Oracle along with Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) and hands on experience in Database Analysis, Architecture, Design and Development using MS SQL Server and Oracle.  ? Extensive experience in working over Web Services with WSDL, SOAP, RESTFUL.  ? Experience in efficiency-improving languages like CSS3 preprocessors SASS and LESS to archive writing reusable, maintainable and extensible codes in CSS.  ? Understanding of W3C standards, accessibility, usability.  ? Used NPM and Webpack as Web-tools for successfully implementing the dependencies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Front End Developer Safeway - Pleasanton, CA November 2017 to Present Safeway is one of the largest food & drug retailers in North America (based upon sales), Safeway Inc. is an innovative company founded on a simple value philosophy: taking care of our customers and employees and sharing with them the success they help make possible.    Responsibilities:  ? Created web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, JSON, JavaScript, JSPs, JQuery, Handlebars, Lodash, SASS and Angular JS for developing user interface  ? Developed Single Page Application (SPA) using AngularJS Framework and Office Depot Framework.  ? Developed Web Application to replace the existing and legacy Website using custom Office Depot framework.  ? Followed MVC Architecture using and took some cues from AngularJS to develop framework.  ? Worked With $http, $resource to communicate with the backend.  ? Built responsive web pages by taking cues from Bootstrap excluding the overload caused by jQuery.  ? Maintained Cross Browser compatibility & implement Responsive Design  ? Developed new responsive custom office depot framework using ES6, Handlebars and SASS and JSPs.  ? Created POC's in React.js and used redux for the State Management.  ? Used Angular- cli to create Components, Services, and directives from the scratch.  ? Managed projects with Webpack, Git and NPM as a package manager  ? Worked with Monette to make instant changes on the fly while supporting releases  ? Used IBM tealeaf to monitor and recreate issues faced by customers after project's release  ? Used IBM Digital Analytics (Core metrics) for tagging and to collect customer data.  ? Worked with Vantiv iframes, PayPal and Master Pass as payment gateways.  ? Used Webpack for building the project and Jenkins for continuous integration  ? Increase productivity, improve communication and reduce downtime by keeping track of bugs using JIRA  ? Created POCs with using MongoDB, Express JS, React JS and NodeJS (MERN stack)  ? Worked with Redux pattern and used RxJS while implementing MERN POCs  ? Used ngrx /store along with Observables for state management  ? Used Vue.js for implementing Office depot style guide    Environment: HTML4.0/5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, SASS, JSPs, Handlebars, GIT, AJAX, Twitter bootstrap, AngularJS/2, Typescript, ES6 Web pack, NodeJS Sr. Front End Developer ManTech International July 2016 to October 2017 ManTech has grown to become one of the U.S. government's leading providers of innovative technologies and solutions for mission-critical national security programs for the United States Intelligence Community and Departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Energy, Justice, Veterans Affairs, and Health and Human Services; the Space Community; and other government agencies.    Responsibilities:  ? Designed and developed the portal using Angular4/5 along with HTML5, CSS3, and Typescript and Bootstrap.  ? Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end development for web application that matches requirements of the client.  ? Built custom Angular 4/5 Components and Services for single-page web application and Dependency Injection to add the functionality of components at run-time.  ? Implemented Custom Directives and Structural Directives, Pipes, Animations using Angular 2 and developed code on Typescript and ES6 to implement Angular 2/4 Components.  ? Used Angular forms like Template Driven forms and Modern Driven (Reactive) forms to perform form validations both on server and client side.  ? Created Angular 4/5 custom pipes to format the data before displaying it to the user.  ? Hands on experience with Web pack to bundle Angular 5 application.  ? Implemented Angular Router in directing users to different pages based on the option they choose on the main page and guards such as CanActivate, CanActivateChild, CanDeactivate, CanLoad for protecting the routes.  ? The portal is made responsive using CSS3 and its preprocessors like SASS, Bootstrap, and media queries to support mobile, desktop and tablets.  ? Consumed RESTful web services in Angular 4/5 using http, promise, observables using various operators like modify, filter, map, routing and navigation for calling data from the backend.  ? Implemented HTTP requests using Rxjs Observable library to handle multiple values over time and handled various exceptions based on the response.  ? Implemented ECMA Script 6 features, alongside Babel, Web Pack with ES2015, React JSX presets.  ? Used ReactJS to create Virtual DOM by creating custom components that were used by views to connect models to the DOM and synchronize data with server as a Single Page Application (SPA).  ? Developed POCs with Redux and ReactJS.  ? Wrote all synchronous / asynchronous unit tests leveraging Karma/Jasmine.  ? Implemented Angular Universal to render to DOM via server request in Angular 4.  ? Implemented responsive web design (RWD) using media queries and Twitter Bootstrap  ? Managed projects with Git as source control and NPM as a package manager  ? Used Agile Development Methodology and Scrum team structure for Development process.  ? Increase productivity, improve communication and reduce downtime by keeping track of bugs using JIRA.    Environment: HTML5, HTML, CSS, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, TypeScript, AngularJS. Angular2/4/5, ReactJS, JSON, JSP and Eclipse, GitHub, Jasmine, Bootstrap, Babel, Gulp, Webpack, Jenkins, SASS. Front End Developer General Motors, MI April 2015 to June 2016 General Motors Company (GM) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit that designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts, and sells financial services.    Responsibilities:  ? Utilized the features of Angular 2.0 to present effective web design.  ? Created Forms with validation using Template Driven Forms and Reactive Forms approach in Angular2  ? Responsible for creating reusable components by using the Angular 2 components with Typescript  ? Implemented services and $Http for calling data from the backend using observables.  ? Implemented various operators like modify, filter, map etc. of observable.  ? Implemented data binding using Event Binding and Property Binding methods.  ? Implemented dependency injection to add the functionality of components at run-time.  ? Used Angular UI-grid, a high-performance data grid using virtualization.  ? Created custom directives in Angular2 for DOM manipulation and services and Factories for common functionalities shared by different controllers.  ? Implemented Angular Universal to render to DOM via server request in Angular 4.  ? Created dynamic components in Angular4 in a declarative way.  ? Used Flattened ECMAScript Module to help reduce the size of the generated bundles and speed up built.  ? Created a Single Page application using UI-router in which every view was linked to a controller for scope data.  ? Used $http service code to interact with Restful Web APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON, XML and jQuery.  ? Used jQuery plugins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5 (new tags like audio, video, canvas) CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX and JSON.  ? Designed CSS3 based web pages, which were cross-browser compatible.  ? Created screens with table-less designs meeting W3C standards.  ? Ensured mock-ups met both visual and textual branding standards. Defined and documented website design standards when needed.  ? Used CSS preprocessor SASS to make web design stable and powerful.  ? Designed the table less web applications using CSS and with the help tags as per W3C standards.  ? Followed Agile (SCRUM) methodologies for Software Development.  ? Involved in skinning and styling of flex components.  ? Worked with CSS Selectors, classes, ids, pseudo classes, and inheritance and cascade concepts.    Environment:HTML5, HTML, CSS, CSS3, AJAX, JavaScript, AJAX, AngularJS 1.X, Angular 2, JSON, JSP and WebStorm, TestNG, GitHub, Bootstrap. Web/UI Developer Credit Suisse - Morrisville, NC January 2013 to March 2015 Credit Suisse Group is a leading financial services company, advising clients in all aspects of finance, across the globe and around the clock. The headquarter of the company is located at Zurich.    Responsibilities:  ? Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming for web application that matches requirements  ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS and Usage of Adobe Photoshop for retrieval of images  ? Using advanced level of jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript and pure CSS layouts.  ? Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using JavaScript and CSS  ? Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts  ? Coded Java Script for page functionality and Lightbox plugins using jQuery  ? Involved in writing jQuery-based Ajax requests using jQuery.get, jQuery.post, jQuery.ajax, and jQuery.post.  ? Used JavaScript to make dropdown menus on web pages and display part of a web page upon user request  ? Maintain, enhance, and recommend solutions that best suit business and technology needs from UI standpoint.  ? Define technical requirements based upon business requirements.  ? Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs, for several browsers.  ? Worked with CSS background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors  ? Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, Bootstrap, XML, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Windows, Eclipse, Agile Methodology Jr. Web/UI Developer iGATE Patni - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Extensively coded built website with JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, DOM, jQuery and Handled dynamic data using AJAX.  ? Improved the quality of traffic and promoted the site through web content development, search engine optimization (SEO), and search engine submission.  ? Using advanced level of HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS and pure CSS layout.  ? Collaborating with Product Managers and Software Engineers to provide guidelines on solid UI design.  ? Used firebug and inspect for debugging.  ? Handling cross browser compatibility issues.  ? Participated in the design review of the applications to come up with UI and provide best possible Recommendations for the applications from UI standpoint.  ? Developed client-side validation code using JavaScript and jQuery.    Environment: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, ASP.net, NetBeans, SQL Servers Education Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering Gujarat University Skills AJAX (8 years), JAVASCRIPT (8 years), HTML (7 years), jQuery (7 years), XML (7 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web Technologies HTML4/5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, WordPress, Typescript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Core Java, SASS, LESS, XML, XHTML, JSON, RxJS  Frameworks & Library jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2/4/5, Twitter Bootstrap, ExpressJS, NodeJS, React.js,  IDE, HTML Editor  Eclipse, Sublime Text, NetBeans, Notepad++, Brackets, Dreamweaver, WebStorm, Intelli J, Atom, SVN, Node Package Manager (NPM), JIRA    Test Framework Jasmine, Karma  Database MYSQL, Oracle, MongoDB, SQL SERVER,  Cloud Computing Platform Amazon Web Services  Methodologies Agile(Scrum), Waterfall