Front End Web Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End Web Developer Houston, TX ? A Business oriented professional with 7 years of rich experience in Front End Web Development with expertise in UI web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Angularjs, Reactjs, Bootstrap, Foundation, Ajax and JSON.  ? Experience in working with customers to determine their needs, gather, analyze and document requirements, communicate with customers throughout the development cycle, manage customer expectations, resolve issues and provide project status.  ? Hands on experience of JS libraries like Angular.js, Angular2.js, Backbone.js, React.js, Node.js, Common.js, ext.js, ember.js, express.js, socket.io, push.js, offline.js  ? Experience in all phase of Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC) like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance, and extensive experience with AGILE Methodologies and Daily SCRUMS.  ? Experience using React.Js and Redux to make Web Components..  ? Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  ? Expertise with MVC JavaScript Frameworks like Angular JS for fast paced web development and better functionality.  ? Experience with Angular2/4 in creating components, template syntax, pipes and directives with uses of ECMAScript 2016 (es6).  ? Experienced in using testing strategies such as TDD, including knowledge of JSUnit and Selenium.  ? Deep understanding of js based backend restful web API using Nodejs , express and mongo.  ? Experience in using Twitter bootstrap and media queries to make Responsive web pages.  ? Experience in incorporating different node libraries, such as Lodash, Node-UUID, underscore, and Moment, into React Applications.  ? Experience on CSS preprocessors such as SASS.  ? Experience managing application state in one store and Dispatching Actions to modify that state, through Reducers.  ? Expertise in debugging and troubleshooting existing code using Firebug and Developer Tools.  ? Extensive experience in Applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, JSON, JSONP.  ? Up to date Knowledge with the latest industry trends in UI design and usability.  ? Strong problem-solving and planning skills, with ability to work independently or in a team environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End Web Developer Wells Fargo Bank - Southfield, MI March 2018 to July 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Build user interfaces differently by breaking them into components using React.js and used a real, full featured programming language to render views, with React.js.  ? Developed reusable UI components using React.js and also Used Redux to keep the application State in one store.  ? Created and used Reducers that receive Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Implemented application testability and diagnostics and fixing bugs with the help of REDUX(Reducers) architecture.  ? Used React.js to implement rich functions in various pages: form validation, crud, grid list, search, sort, pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced/custom directives, authentication, unit tests, etc.  ? worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Responsible to create Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap and Media Queries.  ? Created proof of concept for the next generation application using React JS with Redux.  ? Used front end tools such as Grunt, Gulp, Bower and Npm to build the application.  ? Responsible to for making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  ? Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  ? Performed UNIT and integration testing using Jest and in writing Test Cases on every new version before sending it for User Acceptance Test (UAT).  ? Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying. Front End Web Developer American International Group - Houston, TX September 2016 to February 2018 Responsibilities:  ? Converted requirements such as wireframes, prototypes and interactive user interfaces into fully functional and highly performing web components.  ? Designed and developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angularjs, Polymer , Ajax and JSON.  ? Built responsive web pages using Bootstrap and Media Queries.  ? Used CSS Preprocessor like SASS for create clean and faster stylesheet.  ? Used John Papa style guide to create components in Angular 2.0.  ? Used typescript as a superset for JavaScript with babel to make it compatible to older browsers.  ? Used Angular 2 feature Tree Shaking for production builds with Rollup to reduce the size.  ? Experience with AOT (Ahead of time compilation) in Angular 2.x for bundling so it can be minified that uses the above-mentioned tree-shaking feature.  ? Experience in writing ECMAScript 2016 (es6) modules instead of require and Common js as well used other features of es6 such as arrow function, functional programming concepts such as map, reduce, filter and new promise and map object.  ? Worked with libraries such as RxJs for observables and functional programming as well with immutable js and Lodash for utility functions.  ? Experience with Angular2/4 in creating components, template syntax, pipes and directives.  ? Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based architecture provided by Angular2.  ? Used Node.js to build a scalable system application where it can deal with numerous connections simultaneously.  ? Building reusable code using Polymer.js and JavaScript libraries for future uses.  ? Used Node Package Manager to install Gulp, Bower and Git.  ? Followed Section 508 compliance guidelines to make the websites Accessible to the people with disabilities.  ? Worked on D3.js and High Charts for graphical representation of the data in flowcharts and pie charts.  ? Closely worked with Business Analysts for requirements analysis and issue resolution with functional specifications for Quote creation, Finalizing Deadlines, Tool Configuration & Reporting.  ? Developed application that can 'test themselves' with automation created via practices like test driven development (TDD)  ? Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.  ? Extensively worked on debugging application for fixing bugs and production support.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Angularjs 2/4/5, React JS, Node JS, Polymer JS, Handlebars, Bootstrap, AJAX, JavaScript, MVC, jQuery, JSON, Grunt, Karma, Jasmine, Java, Eclipse. Front End Web Developer Ascena Retail Group - Columbus, OH June 2015 to August 2016 Responsibilities:  ? Created a custom, responsive web application from scratch, involved extensively in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout.  ? In Phase One, worked closely with the UX Team to create a Custom Components Library using ReactJS.  ? Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  ? Build user interfaces differently by breaking them into components using React.js and used a real, full featured programming language to render views, with React.js.  ? Developed reusable UI components using React.js and also Used Redux to keep the application State in one store.  ? Created and used Reducers that receive Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Implemented application testability and diagnostics and fixing bugs with the help of REDUX(Reducers) architecture.  ? Used React.js to implement rich functions in various pages: form validation, crud, grid list, search, sort, pagination, multi-selection, tags-input, advanced/custom directives, authentication, unit tests, etc.  ? Developed web pages using Polymer JS, Forms, Components, Layouts, Events, Validations, Trees, Grids components.  ? In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  ? Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  ? Used Redux to keep the application State in one store.  ? Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  ? Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  ? Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  ? Worked on AWS, High Availability Practices and deploying backup/restore infrastructure.  ? Developed cross-browser/platform HTML5, CSS3, ECMAScript 6 and JavaScript to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards.  ? Worked with JASMINE , KARMA unit test framework to conduct unit testing for test driven development (TDD).  ? Design prototype Skeleton for the UI and Responsive design implementation using web components and Google Polymer.  ? Responsible to create Responsive Web Design using Twitter Bootstrap and Media Queries.  ? Created proof of concept for the next generation application using React JS with Redux.  ? Used front end tools such as Grunt, Gulp, Bower and Npm to build the application.  ? Responsible to for making the pages dynamic using AJAX, JSON and jQuery.  ? Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.  ? Handled all aspects of the web application including maintaining, testing, debugging, deploying.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, AWS, Polymer, Jasmine, Unit Testing, Node.JS, React JS, Redux, Agile methodology Front End Web Developer Vertiv Co - Columbus, OH January 2014 to May 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Extensively involved in design discussions and user experience sessions to provide inputs on the layout.  ? Created a custom, responsive web application to replace line-of-business web applications.  ? Created reusable HTML templates and style sheets based on UI standards and guidelines.  ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.  ? Worked on building the responsive web pages using bootstrap.  ? Implemented different validation control on the web pages using AngularJS.  ? Used Model View Controller (MVC) design pattern to decouple the code and to separate concerns.  ? Developed Responsive Web Design pages for various applications compatible for Mobiles, Tablets, and Desktop.  ? Made enhancements to existing CSS and DIV tags, made upgrades using Twitter Bootstrap model.  ? Closely worked with Business Analysts for requirements analysis and issue resolution with functional specifications for Quote creation, Finalizing Deadlines, Tool Configuration & Reporting.  ? Implemented MVC Architecture and developed presentation layer using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX.  ? Used CSS based design techniques to eliminate table-based layouts and use of CSS Sprites to speed up page loading and improve the website performance with cross-browser compatibility and SEO.  ? worked on AWS to integrate the server side and client-side code.  ? Extensively used jQuery plug-in like Auto populating select-box, Search plug-in, calendar plug-in, ajax-queue plugin and Auto populating multiple select-boxes.  ? Used MVC Frameworks, Media Queries & CSS3 to make web page Fluid and Responsive.  ? Give rich UI experience using Ajax capabilities using DWR (for AJAX communication), JQuery and DOJO (for JavaScript event handling), Design, Developed and implemented ASP, HTML/CSS Template for dynamic Content Generation.  ? Performed UNIT and integration testing using Jasmine and in writing Test Cases on every new version before sending it for User Acceptance Test (UAT).  ? Implementing the Design and developing modules using Agile Methodology. Planning iteration for effective design and development of the Modules  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AWS, AJAX,Angularjs, JSON,Unit-Testing Front End Web Developer Windstream Communication - Dallas, TX November 2012 to December 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Developed a front- end application using HTML and CSS & JavaScript for client side validation.  ? Managed, maintained, developed and deployed applications and database in response to business needs.  ? Extensively wrote HTML and CSS to build the pages from the Mockups and wireframes.  ? Utilized various JQUERY plug-in to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  ? Involved in team meetings with UI team and end user client for understanding needs in new implementation & Involved in daily team meetings & weekly scrum meetings.  ? Migrated content from existing website to a new, database driven website, utilized in house Content Management System.  ? Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS & JavaScript using Dreamweaver CS3.  ? Identified the way to increase the search engine optimization (SEO) and social media friendly.  ? Guided team into developing an effective organic SEO campaign and key phrase selection strategy.  ? Worked on documentations and presentations using Microsoft office.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Usability Testing, Agile methodology, Eclipse. Front End Web Developer Zensar Technologies - Pune, Maharashtra July 2011 to October 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Analyzed, Designed and developed the systems to meet the requirements of business users.  ? Participated in the design review of the applications to come up with UI and provide best possible Recommendations for the applications from UI standpoint.  ? Developed screen functionality using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  ? Implemented functionalities using backbone.js.  ? Created flexible and scalable environment for the applications to work properly.  ? Followed organic SEO optimization techniques.  ? Wrote Cross Browser code of CSS and JavaScript for Internet Explorer and Firefox.  ? Written CSS to provide table free layout to user interface screen.  ? Implemented AJAX functionality using Jquery, JSON, XML for effective working of the web pages and thereby reducing the server load.  ? Used AJAX for implementing part of the functionality for Customer Registration, View Customer information modules.  ? Implemented different validation control on the web-pages using JavaScript.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ajax, JAVA, Photoshop, xml. Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT (6 years), JSON (5 years), AJAX (7 years), jQuery (7 years), UI (5 years), Angular, Front End, React, Front-End, Angularjs Links http://socket.io Additional Information Technical Skills:    UI Web Technologies  HTML4/5, DHTML, CSS 2/3, JavaScript, JQuery, JQ Mobile, Responsive Design, Bootstrap, Angular JS 1/2/4, Backbone.js, React.js, Ember js, Node js, SASS, XHTML, AJAX, XML, JSON.    Web/App Servers Apache Tomcat, HTTP, FTP Web Server  IDE, HTML Editors Eclipse IDE, Brackets, Sublime Text, WebStorm, Notepad++, Adobe Dreamweaver  Operating Systems Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, MAC OS X, Linux (CentOS), Ubuntu.  Bug Tracking Tools Bugzilla, JIRA  Version Control Systems SVN, GIT  Testing Frameworks Jasmine,Jest, Karma and Selenium  Software Methodologies Agile, Waterfall