Software Developer Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer Colorado Springs, CO • Over 9+ years of experience with analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of web-based applications in SOA, and 3-tier and n-tier architecture, using .Net Technologies which includes Web and Windows applications on C#, Asp .net, MVC Angular 4, Web API, Webforms, Java Script, HTML 5, XML, WCF, WPF, REST API and Web Services.  • Experience in developing and building rich user interface web applications.  • Worked through the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): requirement analysis, design, development, testing, UAT for various Internet and client-server applications.  • Extensive experience in developing applications in .NET Framework (3.0/ 3.5/ 4.0) using Microsoft technologies like ASP.NET, MVC,C#, ADO.NET, WCF, WEB API and SQL Server.  • Proficient with Workforce Management systems (Click Software, PowerBase, ARCOS)  • Experience in development and supporting applications in MS SQL 2012/2014, SSIS and SSRS  • Excellent Interpersonal skills with ability to work in a team as well as individually  • Excellent Communication, Technical and Management skills.  • Extremely focused and able to quickly identify and respond to priority issues.  • Coordinated with all sites on all operational issues impacting service level.  • Ability to identify issues, develops ideas, and provides innovative and creative resolution  • Experienced software developer with excellent organization, documentation.  • Experienced in ASP.NET, MVC 5, LINQ, User Controls, Custom Controls and Security, Caching, Delegates, Active Directory, Named and Optional Parameters, C# extensions, Postman, C# Generics, and Exception handling. Implemented bootstrap for the UI, Used CSS Responsive web design.  • Experienced in Azure cloud software development (Iaas, PaaS). Good knowledge on Azure resource manager-based resources, Azure Storage development and design utilizing Blobs, Pages, Queues and Tables.  • Created, modified MVC views using razor engine, created partial views and implemented Asynchronous programming (async/await). Implemented OWIN authentication in Asp.net.  • Experienced on TDD (Test driven Development) which includes Testing and execution.  • Experienced on .NET Framework 3.5/4.0/4.6 and on Entity Framework (ORM) and Entity framework Core.  • Proficient in developing applications using jQuery, JSON, Xml, Telerik Kendo UI, AJAX, HTML5, CSS3, Team Foundation, Bootstrap and Razor. Experienced in Effort Estimation, Project Tracking, Gap Analysis, and Scope Definition, User acceptance testing and Change Control Management and audit trail.  • Proven record with learning, maintaining, and delivering on both new and legacy applications using a variety of technologies  • Strong software design fundamentals  • Good SOLID design principle implementation.  • Implemented and maintained the monitoring and alerting of production and corporate servers/storage using AWS Cloud Watch.  • Defined AWS Security Groups which acted as virtual firewalls that controlled the traffic allowed reaching one or more AWS EC2 instances.  • Set up and configuration of various instruments on AWS direct connect to create DEV/IT, UAT and Production environment for short-term internal projects  • Possesses strong problem Analytical skills with ability to follow Project standards and procedures as per client specifications. Worked as an individual and in team environment Work Experience Software Developer The Navigators - Colorado Springs, CO July 2016 to October 2016 Worked ask a full stack developer. Enhanced web application called Staff Financial Center web application for internal use. Added functionality for creation of PDF files and enhanced the download time. Bug fix and production support. Created a WEB API for SFC and consume and exiting service to implement new functionality. Implement new enterprise designed pattern for the SDLC. Assist in designing and development of database access layer for future application design. Support technical team members in development of functional and visual user interfaces. Work on 3rd-party API integrations with SFC. Use JSON with jQuery for request data and response processing. Coordinate with software developer teams for development of technical documentation. Use JSON to transmit data between Server and Web Application, an alternative to XML Serialization. Create the Data access layer and Data access objects using ADO.NET Entity framework and LINQ to reduce impedance mismatch.  Technologies Used: C #, ASP.NET, MVC, VS TFS, SQL 2008/12. Bootstrap, CSS Software Developer The Rawlings Group - Louisville, KY September 2015 to November 2015 Enhanced and improve SMART application to include dairy note and summary for Auditors internal application using Silverlight framework. Developed in-house intranet utility projects using MVC framework and Angular JS. Used object-oriented principles for class development to streamline efficiency and ensure a scalable and reusable architecture. Designed and Created database objects such as stored procedures, packages, functions, triggers. Create packages using Integration Services (SSIS) for data extraction from Flat Files, Excel Files OLEDB etc. to Access etc. Implemented designed patterns like Factory pattern, Repository, Pattern etc.  Technologies Used: C #, Silverlight, AngularJS, VS TFS, SQL 2008/12. Lead Front End .Net Developer Perficient Inc - Louisville, KY January 2015 to August 2015 Working with Visual designers to render the concept of technical implementation of Interfaces and user experiences to provide digitally enrich web content to the client. Leveraging sitecore as the CMS platform with .Net Framework to created global rendering and placeholders. Implement new web pages for Non Integrated members. Involved in all the stages of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC), well aware of Test Driven Development (TDD using Nunit/MS unit testing framework) practice for Agile Software Development and ability to perform at a high level, meet deadlines, adaptable to ever changing priorities. Experience in Software Configuration Management using tools like Team Foundation Server (TFS), Microsoft Visual Source Safe (VSS) and Jenkins. Created and deployed Web Services using ASP.NET, SOAP and XML for Pulling Customer Service Records. Modified Web Services to interact with the other applications and exposed them using SOAP and HTTP. Used WCF for developing and deploying services on windows in line with the Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), experience on Entity-Framework.  Developed fully functional responsive prototypes based on Business Requirements using HTML/HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and JQuery.  Worked in both Agile and Waterfall settings.  Tested front- end code in multiple browsers to ensure cross-browser compatibility.  Maintained brand standards under company guidelines.  Consulted and documented UI best practices and code standards.  Participated in projects in all stages of the product life cycle.  Leveraged responsive web frameworks to consistently complete product deliverables ahead of schedule.  Programmed HTML5 canvases to animate particles on web backgrounds for site-wide promotions.  Designed and developed views/templates on top of C#, using the Razor templating engine.  Created and implemented a custom CSS grid system, with CSS media queries for mobile responsiveness.  Created user friendly, standards compliant, cross-browser normalization of HTML and CSS on both the desktop and mobile devices  Frontend performance optimization and web accessibility for users with disabilities    Technologies Used: C #, ASP.NET MVC, XML, AWS, Ajax, CSS, JSON, JQUERY, JavaScript, Bootstrap VS TFS, GitHub, Team City SQL 2008/12. Design Pattern: SOLID, TDD .Net Developer Progressive Insurance - Colorado Springs, CO October 2013 to October 2014 • Collaborate with a team of .NET developers, in designing and developing web applications for Comparison Rate Group.  • Responsible for enhancements for progressive Rates Revision projects developed in C#. Elevate and rollout company comparison chart countrywide for 2014.  • Involve in Gold server verification prior to production rollout.  • Work in collaboration as part of the on call developer and code review team.  • Work on Site Scope monitor application that is responsible for eCompare application.  • Handle over seventy-eight project within the time frame working with the team.  • Also, work on a Home owner's pilot project for Ohio/Kansas also responsible for SYMple Tools web application for Territory mover projects. Part of the Latitude/Longitude (Geo-Location) project.  • One of the main developers that work on the deductible serving Bank (DSB) project.  • Test Driven Development principle  Technologies: C #, XML, JavaScript, VS TFS, SQL 2008, ASP.NET MVC, Web Services, LINQ, VS TFS 2008/2010/2012. .Net Developer Insurance Technologies - Colorado Springs, CO September 2012 to May 2013 • Collaborated with a team of .NET developers in designing and developing enhancements to a Fixed Index Annuities application developed in C#.  • The application provided annuitant and brokers an illustration of Fixed, Variable and Universal life annuities product. Need to quickly learn many portions of the existing code base which included ASP.NET Web pages, Web Service code, and Windows Service code.  • There were 5+ web applications written in ASP.NET. Was responsible for both frontend solutions. https://www.annuities.pacificlife.com    • Programming and enhancement of Fixed Index Annuities Portal using C# and ASP.NET as presentation level.  • Data transfer between client and server is maintained using JavaScript and AJAX technology eliminating page post backs. Client side input is checked for validation error before data is parsing to the engine. https://www.allianzlife.com/    • Developed and implemented User Interface for Sun America AG 10 Index Choice product (project still on), 7Years Choice Index product.  • Was part of the development team on both Fixed Index and Variable Index Modules, made recommendation on the current rate page for displaying benefit in grid table and improvement of current database tables and relations, implementing business logic in .NET classes.  • Developed and redesigned the insurance application with strong frontend business, financial planning, and investment management. Services provided included: asset allocation, investment selection, management and review.  • Applications logic was developed using C# and used HTML helper in a view to render the HTML content.  • Used Razor Views to enable fast coding workflow and quickly integrate server code into HTML markup with minimum of keystrokes.  • Implemented MVC framework to reduce the complexity and to get full control over the behavior of the application.  • Used Microsoft Entity Framework Code First approach for the Data Access Layer for the ASP.NET MVC 3 application.  • Designed GUI using the HTML, Java Script, CSS and Custom Controls.  • Implemented of WCF services and better logging exception management support to help in the premature detection of new problems.  • Used JQuery to validate user controls and web forms.  • Worked on .NET security features such as Form-Based Authentication and Role-Based Authorization.  • Built significant customized professional services to high net worth clients. Created an Equity Portfolio and Bond Portfolio Management. https://www.sunamerica.com/    Technologies: ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, Ajax, CSS, JavaScript, LINQ, WCF, VS TFS 2008/2010/2012, SQL 2008/2012. .Net Developer GIMIT - Delhi, Delhi July 2009 to February 2012 • Analyzed poorly designed non-database driven legacy application developed in the C# Language.  • Was part of a team of developers that made recommendations on improving the design of this application and how to make its business logic configurable from a central database.  • Created relational SQL Server database model for future shop floor applications based on the use of non-relational data in existing legacy applications.  • Developed a .NET C# based exception handling software component designed to centralize application error information for errors occurring in current and future distributed shop floor applications.  • Collaborated with other developers to architect and develop a .NET based end-to- end manufacturing information system. The system was successfully deployed to a sheeted paper manufacturer at one plant and a corrugated paper manufacturer at three other plants.  • The system's many capabilities included production order entry, plant scheduling, distribution of real-time information to machines inside the factory, tagging of finished product in real-time, directing shipment of finished product, and tracking raw material in the customer's warehouse.    Technologies: .Net Framework 2.0, 3.5, C#, MSMQ, XML, JavaScript and SQL Server .Net Developer GIMIT - Delhi, Delhi May 2009 to May 2009 Project # 1: Developing code and testing  This project consists of two modules. One is a typical SMTP Server module to handle mail transactions. The other is the Intelligent Spam Filter module. The Intelligent Spam Filter contains an array of spam filters and monitors their performance and allots ranks accordingly  Environment: Windows 2000  Technologies Used: C #    Project # 2: Development & Integration  Real time flight information distribution engine to gather flight status information from Airport sources and prepare web services and xml documents feeds for various sources. The application is designed to run on Servers. Hence the application is built to have less memory footprint and consistency on robust performance. The team of developers which I was one of them developed the application as Windows Service Component which will run on the background. The Windows Service is approved by the Airport Authority.    Environment: Windows 2008 R2, .Net 3.5  Technologies Used: ASP.NET, MS SQL, CSS, Flash, JavaScript, HTML  m.newdelhiairport.in    Project # 3: Developer & Tech Support, Integration  This system is for reserving sleeping pods in Delhi Airport. The system allows users to search pods for the given time range, graphically select the pods and reserve them with online payment facility. The system is deployed with newdelhiairport.in.    Environment: Windows 2008 R2, Dot Net 3.5  Technologies Used: ASP.NET, MS SQL, CSS, JavaScript, HTML Education Associate degree in Software Engineering in Software Engineering National Institute of Information Technology - Delhi, Delhi Skills .net, Visual studio, Api, C#, Client/server, Html, Javascript, Ecmascript 6, Node.js, Redux, Typescript, Webpack, Json, Middleware, Wcf, Winforms, Visio, Visual sourcesafe, Ms visual sourcesafe, Xml, Git, CSS, HTML 5, ASP, Jquery Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems Windows (VISTA/7/10)  Languages C, C#, ASP.NET 3.5, ASP.NET MVC, PL/SQL, Java  Script JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Ajax, JQuery, Angular, Redux, Angular 2/4/6, RxJs  Reporting Packages SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services), SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services), Import/Export Data, Data Transformation  RDBMS MS SQL 2008, MS SQL 2012/2014, MS SQL Server Compact Edition, Oracle9i  Middleware WCF, XML, Web Services, WEB API, AWS  Other Tools  Team Foundation Server experience, IIS 6/7, Visual Studio 2005/08/10, MS Visio 2007, MS Visual SourceSafe, MS Access, TFS 2012/2013/2015    Methodologies Agile, DevOps    Infosys Ltd. May, 2019 to Present  Role: Technology Lead  Project: Ameren Missouri  Client: Ameren  Large group of applications that cater to business users in utility operations  Roles and Responsibilities  • Maintain and provide 24*7 support for existing applications in .Net, SQL Server, MS-Access and other technologies  • Coded in Angular MVC framework to build Web application for the internal use of the organization.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using Angular 4 for front- end development of a current web application.  • Provided on-site field technical support, including, but not limited to, end-user problem solving.  • Prepared reports, design plans and specifications projects.  • Performed detailed test and maintenance procedures.  • Developed and prepared long-range capacity and workload requirements.  • Identified optimal work schedules and workload requirements.  • Designed, built and maintained databases and spreadsheets tracking key service statistics.  • Monitored and examined performance against established service level objectives.  • Generated detailed engineering log and hardware test failure reports.  • Maintained record histories of all equipment utilizing the computerized maintenance management system for creating and documenting work orders for all required work.  • Developed and improved preventive maintenance procedures.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Frameworks Angular 4  • Work with business user to extract/detail requirements and provide estimates for units of work  • Create functional and technical design documents, build code, testing and deployment  • Performed extensive unit testing ( end-to- end) and prepared detailed test scripts.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and DOM.  • Worked closely with Technical Development Manager to help track, prioritize, estimate, and recommend resources for all Technical Development Team projects.  Technologies Used: Web API, Angular2/4, Angular Reactive forms, RxJs (Observables), Typescript, JavaScript ECMAScript 6, Sass, visual studio code, webpack, Jasmine and Karma. ASP.Net MVC    The Infosys Technologies Ltd Jul, 2018 to May 2019  Role: Technology Lead  Project: Payor Appeal Outcome  Client: CVS  Designed and implemented data extraction mechanism from flat files to a directory according to the appeal status. Create a sql table valued parameter query to reduce the offer head and increase the performance of the executable file that run the tasked of reading the bulk data into the table.  Technologies Used: Asp.Net, MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2012, C#, and Angular 2/4/6  Role and Responsibility  • Rearchitected and Upgraded Angular Enterprise App from Angular 2.0 to Angular 6.0  • Upgraded Angular npm packages and Third-Party Applications for Angular Enterprise App  • Developed Angular Single Page Apps that communicate with RESTful APIs  • Developed RESTful APIs that communicate with MongoDB using node.js, Express, TypeScript  • Designed Response Design Websites  • Improved Performance of Websites using Web Optimization Best Practices  • Developed Opensource E-Commerce Retail Website that served thousands of customers  • Wrote User Stories defining features of Websites and other Applications  • Wrote How to Documents detailing how to develop, build, and deploy code  • Optimized SEO, Managed Data Analytics, and Designed Features of E-Commerce Retail Website  • Developed Microsoft COM/DCOM Client/Server Applications  Technologies Used: Asp.Net, MVC 4.0, SQL Server 2012, C#, and Angular 2/4/6    Infosys Ltd. Sep, 2017 to Jul, 2018  Role: Technology Lead  Project: Electric and Support Services  Client: Exelon  Large group of applications that cater to business users in utility operations  Roles and Responsibilities  • Create knowledge repository and support documentation as part of takeover activity  • Maintain and provide 24*7 support for existing applications in .Net, SQL Server, MS-Access and other technologies  • Coded in Angular MVC framework to build Web application for the internal use of the organization.  • Implemented data-binding and MVC using Angular 4 for front- end development of a current web application.  • Prepared reports, design plans and specifications projects.  • Performed detailed test and maintenance procedures.  • Generated detailed engineering log and hardware test failure reports.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Enhanced user experience by designing new web features using MVC Frameworks Angular 4  • Experience in Agile SCRUM methodologies.  • Work with business user to extract/detail requirements and provide estimates for units of work  • Create functional and technical design documents, build code, testing and deployment  • Performed extensive unit testing ( end-to- end) and prepared detailed test scripts.  • Designed and developed code for table less web interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and DOM.  • Worked closely with Technical Development Manager to help track, prioritize, estimate, and recommend resources for all Technical Development Team projects.  Technologies Used: Web API, MongoDB Angular2/4, Angular Reactive forms, RxJs (Observables), Reselect, Typescript, JavaScript ECMAScript 6, Sass, visual studio code, webpack, Gulp, Grunt. Jasmine and Karma. ASP.Net MVC    The Infosys Technologies Ltd June, 2017 to August  Role: Technology Lead  Project: Commercial Pricing Platform Application  Client: Schlumberger    Commercial Pricing Platform is a very critical process for day-to-day business operations. All quote and field tickets with materials been added from the price book. Price books can be setup as reference, where it is applicable for any quotes or sales orders and as contract, where they are specific to a customer contract.    Roles and Responsibilities    • Built software application using Angular 2, Redux Architecture to maintain the state, Ngrx, RxJs (Observables), Reselect technologies.  • Is a part of the architecture team to build a full reference implementation for developers to use in their work.  • Create standard compliant, semantic web interfaces using HTML5, Sass, CSS and Foundation 6 Framework.  • Develop responsive websites for mobile, tablet and different devices using Foundation 6 Flex Grid system.  • Maintains and support new and existing applications.  • Research and implements new technologies and best practices.  • Handles code testing, deployment and installation.    Technologies Used: Web API, AWS, MongoDB Angular2, Angular Reactive forms, Redux Architecture, Ngrx, RxJs (Observables), Reselect, Typescript, JavaScript ECMAScript 6, Sass, Foundation 6, visual studio code, webpack, Gulp, Grunt.    The Infosys Technologies Ltd Jan, 2017 to June  Role: Technology Lead  Project: Global Activity Capture Application  Client: Schlumberger  Designed and implemented enterprise wide data access layer and involvement with WinForms, Web Services, Console application, MS SQL.  Refactored existing code libraries for performance optimization and responsible for creation of the Tables, Stored procedures and views in the application.  Wrote SQL queries, stored procedures and implemented SQL queries in the C# code to provide features like upload/download files from/to server, insert/update/delete data in SQL DB.  Work on various new requests that involved code and reporting changes. Analysis of the functional documents and responsible for the development of the various client-side modules in the Website by utilizing JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX.  Technologies Used: Asp.Net, MVC 4.0, Entity Framework database first, Web API,LINQ,SQL Server 2008,C#,Jqx widget, JavaScript, LoDash.Js, SQL Workbench, Nodejs, MomentJs, Angular, Flux Architecture pattern  Technologies Used: Asp.Net, MVC 4.0, Entity Framework database first, Web API, LINQ, SQL Server 2008,C#,Jqx widget, JavaScript, LoDash.Js, SQL Workbench, Nodejs, MomentJs, Angular, Flux Architecture pattern