Senior UI Developer Senior UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Senior UI Developer - Invesco Houston, TX ? Over 9 years of experience as a User Interface/ Front End Developer in working with various web technologies such as HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript framework, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML, SASS, LESS and object-oriented JavaScript Libraries like ES6, Angular.js, Node.js, React.js, Redux, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, Responsive Design.  ? Experience using AJAX to create interactive web applications, mainly optimizing performance.  ? Excellent programming skills in JAVA, C, C++, RUBY, JavaScript, SQL, PL/SQL, XML Technologies.  ? Experience in single page application reference implementation, using AngularJS and Browser, written in ECMA Script 6.  ? Experience on AJAX techniques for data manipulation and parsing of multiple data types including XML and JSON.  ? Experience in application development processes like Agile, scrum and waterfall SDLC Methodologies  ? Designed presentation layer for dynamic web forms using ASP.Net MVC 5.0 Framework, HTML5, CSS3, JSON, Angular 2 and Visual Studio.  ? Financial reports using Crystal Reports and XSLT Transformation  ? Experience in developing UI applications using Angular JS, Backbone JS, Ext JS, Node JS, JavaScript, J Query, CSS3  ? Developed Application to asses JSON and XML from Restful web service from consumer side using JavaScript and Angular.js.  ? Extensive experience in Angular.js 1.x/ Angular 2 with creating custom directives, filters, controllers and decorators.  ? Experienced with Vanilla JavaScript, including prototype, scope, and module concepts  ? Used D3.js for creating dynamic data visualizations and dashboards.  ? Good Experience on Quality Control, JIRA, Fish Eye for tracking the tickets like accepting the tickets/defects, Submitting the tickets, Reviewing Code and closing the tickets etc.  ? Experience in writing unit tests using Jasmine, Karma.  ? Experienced in various IDEs like Web storm, Notepad++, Sublime Text, Adobe Dreamweaver, Microsoft Visual Studio Code.  ? Strong Experience in SQL and database design, normalization and Database Management Concepts. Knowledgeable with RDBMS concepts like writing SQL Queries, Functions, Stored Procedures and PL/SQL Packages.  ? Extensive experience with Version Control tools including CVS, GITHUB and SVN for Source Code version.  ? Used redux-saga is a redux middleware, which means this thread can be started, paused and cancelled from the main application with normal redux actions, it has access to the full redux application state and it can dispatch redux actions as well. Work Experience Senior UI Developer Invesco - Houston, TX June 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for designing dynamic and multi-browser compatible pages using HTML 5.0, CSS2/CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Angular.js2, React js, JSON, AJAX to the requirement of the client.  ? Used Babel an ECMAScript 6 to ECMAScript 5 compiler which allows using ES6 features in project and then compiles ES5 to use in production.  ? Implemented a large part of the UI dynamic functionalities using CSS, jQuery, jQuery UI, Typescript, and HTML.  ? Used High Charts, D3JS and Ext JS4 for charting data and for supporting a wide array of browsers.  ? Built dynamic web pages with Angular 2.0 with styling supported by Twitter Bootstrap for creating Responsive Websites.  ? Developed components using React and all the advanced methods Functions in developing.  ? Worked with React.js to build bootstrap components for UI web objects. Linked with REST API for rendering data trough virtual DOM.  ? Experience working on CSS Preprocessors like LESS along with JavaScript task runners like Grunt.  ? Responsive web design(RWD) is developed using frameworks like Angular JS and MVC frameworks and Bootstrap.  ? Worked with UX Designers to translate visual concepts into functional online experiences, micro sites, and other digital content delivery.  ? Developed single application to render dynamically based on the JSON from the Node JS server.  ? Developed various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  ? React.js which allowed us to render pages on both the client and server using the same codebase.  ? Used React.js for adding client-side interface for JavaScript templating and function binding.  ? Written and modified the technical documents.  ? redux-saga used to make application side effects easier to manage, more efficient to execute, simple to test, and better at handling failures.  ? Used JIRA for tracking issues reported by testing team.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, JSON, AJAX, react.js, Es5/Es6, Angular.js, Angular2, LESS, Grunt, Jasmine, GIT. Front End Developer Maryland Department - Baltimore, MD September 2015 to May 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Developing web pages effectively using, Angular2, Angular.js, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Typescript and proficiently making web pages which are cross browser compatible.  ? Developing web pages as per requirement using HTML5 and CSS3.  ? Used JavaScript to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time in web pages to get user input and requests.  ? Implemented view model bindings using knockout binding handlers.  ? Used Bootstrap to build responsive UI Design.  ? Used Protractor for the purpose of automation in Angular.js applications.  ? Written Angular.js controllers and directives where the AJAX calls are made to the backend to fetch the respective data for the template and the directive is linked to the template.  ? Developing Angular2 and Angular.js structural framework for dynamic web apps.  ? Maintenance and Defect Tracking Using TFS, JIRA.  ? Responsible for quality assurance of finished websites including the validation of web forms and links.    Environment: HTML 4/5, CSS/CSS 3, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, Angular JS 1.x, Agile Methodology,JIRA, JUNIT, JBOSS, XML, D3.Js. UI Developer Cardinal Health - Twinsburg, OH September 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  ? Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS.  ? Involved in planning meetings to estimate the scope of a task pertaining to UI development.  ? Extensively used CSS to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  ? Created use case and class diagrams in MS Visio using UML notations. Developed applications using C#.Net.  ? Improved user experience by designing and creating new web components and features.  ? Implemented modules into Node.js to integrate with designs and requirement.  ? Created Node.js middleware application server to encapsulate modern JS widget framework and control set.  ? Worked with React.js in developing a website to make it more interactive, stateful and reusable component.  ? Worked with QA team on daily basis in fixing the reported bugs/defects using JIRA and checking cross platform compatibility.  ? Worked with the team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Bootstrap, Angular.js, Node.js, AJAX, JIRA, Visual Studio. UI Developer Suntrust Bank - Atlanta, GA November 2013 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  ? Responsible for creating efficient design and developing User Interaction screens using HTML5,  CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, AJAX and JSON.  ? Designed and Developed Web application using CSS pre-processors.  ? Developed components to fetch the data from the back end using AJAX.  ? Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the applications.  ? Designed CSS3 based web pages which were cross-browser compatible.  ? Used JQuery plugins for Drag-and- Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.  ? Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  ? Created Angular.js Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations in UI.  ? Involved in developing Front End Programming for Web applications.  ? Implemented Grunt Automation and designed my application using SASS.  ? Wrote the controller in Spring MVC which delegates the request from front end to the delegator layer and to make calls with backend systems.  ? Using Angular.js created custom directives for data manipulations and to display data in company standard format in UI.  ? Debug the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  ? Create complex JIRA workflows including project workflows, screen schemes,  permission scheme and notification schemes in JIRA.  ? Deployed the application to JBoss server and tested the front end using Karma.  ? Followed Agile Software Development Methodology in the progress of the project.  ? Used Subversion for source control.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS, CSS3, JavaScript, DHTML, XML, jQuery, Ajax, JSON, Angular.js, SVN,  Grunt, SASS, JBOSS and karma. Web UI Developer ANI Technologies Pvt Ltd January 2013 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  ? Developed UI pages using HTML,CSS, JSON, JavaScript, JQUERY and AJAX.  ? Extensively used CSS to change the styles to be used in future web layouts and debugging the errors issues with CSS.  ? Used JavaScript to build interactive web applications for portfolio.  ? Used AJAX with jQuery controls for listing all scripts in a grid and can edit it in the grid  which will reflect in the database table.  ? Developed web forms using Bootstrap for the application.  ? Used various jQuery plugins like auto complete, date picker, color picker, document slider to enhance the usability, functionality and overall experience for website.  ? Developed deployment tools using node.js scripts with shell commands using shell  controlled by grunt.  ? Analyzed the complete architecture of various applications in-order to design the application.  ? Used SVN for version control and JIRA for defect tracking.    Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON. Web Developer Medco Health Network May 2010 to December 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS.  ? Designed and developed intranet web applications using Java, JavaScript and CSS.  ? Worked on CSS to design the navigation, gradient background and used other style properties to enhance the look of the web page.  ? Used JavaScript to make dropdown menus on web pages and displayed part of a webpage  upon user request.  ? Used AJAX to improve interactivity and performance of the application.  ? Implemented pagination and sorting functionalities in different modules using JQuery plugins.  ? Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  ? Developed various objects using java and HTML and DHTML to maintain well-structured GUI and to interact with Controllers to get data from Oracle database  ? Involved in Consuming of restful web services designed and developed Views,  Model and Controller components implementing MVC Framework.  ? Utilized the mail merge techniques in MS Word for the time reduction in sending certificates.  ? Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  ? Involved in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from gathering user requirements to analysis, design, development, testing, deployment and production support  ? Wrote test plans and performed unit testing and performance testing.    Environment: HTML, DHTML, CSS, JQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Ajax, JSON. Education Bachelor's Skills Ajax (8 years), Bootstrap (8 years), Javascript (8 years), Jquery (8 years), User interface (8 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:    Web Technologies: HTML5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON, AJAX, jQuery  UI Frameworks: Bootstrap, Angular.js, React.js, Node.js, Redux, ES6  Programming Languages: Java, C, C++  Server Technologies: MVC, RESTful Services, XML, JSON  Databases: SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle  Continuous Integration Tools: GitHub, SVN, CVS  IDE: Eclipse, Sublime, Visual Studio, Notepad++, Dreamweaver  Operating Systems: Windows, LINUX, UNIX