UI Developer (Consultant) UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> (Consultant) UI Developer (Consultant) - Atria Wealth Solutions Rahway, NJ • Extensive experience in developing web-based applications using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular 2.x, Knockout.js, and Node.js  • Experience using Typescript and Angular 2.x with solid understanding of its style guide, modular design, routing, dependency injection & component structure.  • Experience implementing the latest ES6 (ECMAScript 2015) features including arrow functions, class, promise, etc.  • Experience in developing cross-browser, cross-platform, responsive websites and/or applications.  • Experience in Agile Methodology and SCRUM process which includes sprint planning and team standups. Work Experience UI Developer (Consultant) Atria Wealth Solutions April 2019 to Present • Worked on building a new platform 'Data Vision' that helps financial advisors to manage their clients. The application has different modules like Dashboard, Contacts, Reporting, Resources, and Admin.  • Using Angular v5 to build our Single Page Application, at the same time ensuring the app is highly modularized and easy to maintain.  • Responsible for the development of re-usable services, user interfaces, unit testing, and code reviews.  • Implemented lazy loading to reduce page load times  • Ensured latest technology standards, guidelines are utilized for development. Front- end Developer (Consultant) Morgan Stanley - New York, NY June 2018 to April 2019 • Worked in an agile team designing and developing single page web application for branch manager approvers to approve or reject accounts in pending approval state.  • Worked on CSSF Risk Reporting application which is used for supervisory purposes. The main aim of the project is to automate data entry and calculations, validate the data against standard rules, increase process efficiency and centralized data location.  • Used Angular v7 and typescript to build different components of the application.  • Used ag-grid framework to work with filters for making the search results more compact and display the results in tabular format.  • Recommended best UI practices to the team to improve the performance of the Web Application.  • Used Angular routing and features to navigate between different screens of the application. Web Developer (Consultant) LEEDS LLC - Newark, NJ August 2015 to May 2018 • The project involves developing a single and centralized web application for crime center department that delivers incident, investigation and intelligence management solutions.  • Have utilized various technologies like Knockout.js, Angular v4, Durandal.js, Bootstrap, AmplifyJS, RequireJS, jQuery UI, and jQuery. And  • Familiar using Microsoft SQL Server, and JAVA for debugging purpose.  • Used TypeScript and component-based programming to create less dependent and faster entities in Angular.  • Extensively used Knockout.js for data-binding purposes in NYPD Forms.  • Modularized the application by using different AMD modules provided by Durandal.js.  • Used custom bindings in Knockout.js to wrap jQuery plugins, which can be directly applied to any element.  • Used HTML5 canvas along with fabric.js for visual representation of diagrams and drawing capability.  • Implemented link analysis network graph for visual representation of events and associated entities like person, vehicle, property, with ability to search across entire database for matching results using vis.js Front- end Developer (Consultant) First Data - Wilmington, DE January 2015 to August 2015 • Developed a web user interface, which provides an integrated solution to the acquirers and issuers to control transaction authentication and authorization for debit card transaction processing.  • Involved in design, development and implementation of website based on Model-View-Control (MVC) architecture using AngularJS.  • Worked on two different applications, Exception Processing and Transaction Research.  • The project involved using technologies like AngularJS, JavaScript, AngularUI, jQuery UI, and jQuery.  • The applications involved 3 different major components: Search page, Summary Results, preferences and detail screen.  • Created reusable modules using AngularJS features like Factories, routes, directives and Dependency Injections.  • Involved in implementation of the home package which contains all the common functionalities for all applications.  • Made the website responsive for resolutions of larger screens using CSS3 media queries. UI Developer (Consultant) AT&T - San Ramon, CA April 2014 to December 2014 • Involved in designing a web version of "Q", where "Q" is an internal chat application for AT&T.  • Designed fully functional core components like Meetings, WebQubes, and My Team for Q web version using AngularJS, HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JSON and Bootstrap, following the MVC pattern.  • Developed Q API using angular services, controllers, templates, and custom angular directives.  • Used CometD and implemented listener structure in angular to update the data dynamically.  • Designed Q API components that are modular and independent objects, which the user can integrate, recreate, and redesign into their website. Apart from individual components, the API has a whole can be integrated into user's website.  • Created dynamic update of Presence which is the visual indication of a user's current availability in Q.  • Used CSS, HTML to make effective and cross-browser compatible front- end pages with attractive and easy to use functionalities.  • Drafted a documentation to provide brief information about all the working components and features of the Q web version with live examples, and how to use them. Education Master's degree in Electrical Engineering in Electrical Engineering State University of New York at Stony Brook - Stony Brook, NY December 2013 Bachelor's degree in Electronics & Telecomm in Engineering Shivaji University May 2012 Skills Git, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Svn, Html5, Knockout, Sass, Eclipse, jquery, Jira, Rally, Ajax, Version control, Frameworks