React JS developer React JS <span class="hl">developer</span> Dallas, TX • I have 7 years of experience as a Front- End Developer with different domains like Health-care, Logistics.  • Profound Knowledge in developing HTML pages using DIV layout, Web Accessibility and Web Usability.  • Strong Experience in dealing with CSS Animations, Backgrounds, Layouts, Positioning, Text, Border, Padding and CSS Box Model.  • Responsive Web Design (RWD) for several types of Devices like tablets and mobiles using media queries and libraries like bootstrap.  • Experience in JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS, NodeJS and libraries like jQuery, ReactJS, RxJS, D3JS, ImmutableJS, Lodash.  • Experience in build tools like Gulp, Grunt, NPM, Webpack, Namespacing, Webpack-loaders, Browserify, REST Web Services.  • Profound Knowledge in Document Object Model (DOM), OOJS.  • Experience in No SQL (Algolia).  • Extensive experience in making web pages cross browser compatible.  • Experience in Angular2, NodeJS(Express).  • Profound knowledge in typescript, C, C++, Java.  • Experience working with CSS preprocessors like LESS, SASS.  • Experience and knowledge about SASS/SCSS, ECMASCRIPT6/5.  • Experienced in architectures like MVC, MVVM, Redux.  • Good Team Player with Excellent Communication Skills and Highly Motivated analytical. Work Experience React JS developer AT&T - Plano, TX January 2019 to Present Description: Involving in developing e-support application using ReactJS. For easy customer support systems, implementing applications based in the customer frequently asked questions and online status check options.  Responsibilities:  • Using Agile methodology for design and development of project with 2 week sprints.  • Creating various UI components for different web pages using ReactJS Server side rendering, Typescript, SCSS and node.JS  • Working on Legacy project updates using jQuery, JavaScript, CSS and HTML.  • Implementing unit test cases for components using Enzyme and Jest.  • AEM integration for dynamic data view.  • Using internal libraries idp ui-components to develop all the components.  • Changed GIT(Code Cloud) repository and merged the changes in new repository.  • Implemented routing for all the components developed.  • code cleanup and push the code in Git repository.  Environment: ReactJS, Typescript, SCSS, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Jest and SSR. ReactJS-Redux Developer Walmart - Bentonville, AR April 2018 to January 2019 Description: Involved in developing SPInE(Sourcing and Procurement Insights Enablement) and COGS(Cost on Goods Sold) application using ReactJS and Redux. A holistic multi market scalable platform designed to host sourcing intelligence products across all SBU enabling sourcing teams to perform informed procurement decisions.  Responsibilities:  • String front- end(User Interface) development using HTML, CSS, ES5/6, JSX, ReactJS, Redux-saga and REST API.  • Changed GIT repository and merged the changes in new repository.  • Implemented the comments on Git pull request.  • To display analysis on the front- end, used react-vis libraries(Sunburst chart).  • Created test data components to show the data with text.  • Created tab bar components.  • Fixed styling of all components created.  • Created wrapper for Webservice calls.  • Integrated data from backend web service response, to the react components.  • Fixed tooltip of Sunburst chart.  • Did wiring of the components with redux and redux-saga.  • Integrated web service calls for Sunburst chart and text component.  • Implemented unit test cases for components using Enzyme and Jest.  • Implemented filters(country='US').  • Implemented sagas as a middleware.  • Implemented routing for all the components developed.  • created and injected reducers and sagas in store.  • Integrated all the components developed in a new repository.  • Did code cleanup and push the code in Git repository.  Environment: HTML, CSS, ES 5/6, JSX, ReactJS, Redux-saga, postman, Rest API, Enzyme, Jest and NPM. MEAN Stack Developer Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA December 2016 to March 2018 Description:  Involved in migrating the existing Angular1.4 application into Single Page Application using Angular2. Responsible to create a page that is responsible to take the request and show the status of the package of the customer using technologies like Angular2, Node JS, ECMA SCRIPT6.  Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing and maintaining entire web application using AngularJS, NodeJS, No SQL based on W3C standards.  • Used AngularJS for client side validations.  • Created Angular components like Controller, Directives, Services and Forms to collect the input from the User.  • Built SPA with loading multiple views using route services using Angular2 and NodeJS.  • Developer server-side application using Express JS framework and followed MVC architecture.  • Created Angular2 components, implemented Interpolation, Input variables, Bootstrapping, NgFor, NgIf, Router Outlet, binding the events, decorators.  • Involved Storing and retrieving data from Column Oriented Data Base MongoDB.  • Used Third-party API in application to add functionality of tracking.  • Worked on project following Scrum Agile methodology that includes iterative application development, weekly Sprints, daily stand up meetings and customer reporting backlogs.  • Utilized various jQuery plug-in to create Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Created and performed test cases on application using protractor.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS and NodeJS. ReactJS Application Developer GlaxoSmithKline - Durham, NC December 2015 to November 2016 Description:  Develop legacy transportation application into a Single Page Application (SPA) for internal client use using technologies like ReactJS, RxJS, NodeJS, D3JS, HTML5/4, CSS3/2 to provide Expected, guaranteed, Estimated Delivery.  Responsibilities:  • involved in ReactJS, RXJS, NodeJS, ES6/5 for developing UI.  • Analyzed Management needs and designed the application to match perfect visualization.  • Experience in working with REDUX architecture.  • Created different components using React to render an element.  • Added functionality to the web application using ECMASCRIPT 6/5.  • Used react-route module to develop Single Page Applications using React.  • Used Babel loader and Webpack bundler to create React component.  • Used JSX to make react look more elegant.  • Profound experience with props and states in react to manage data.  • Created Lists, Maps, Stacks, Records using Immutable JS.  • Involved in creating connections for HTTP requests using Web Sockets.  • Worked on Search Engine Optimization (SEO) tactics.  • Used Rally for task tracking and to build user stories.  • Used Webpack and NPM to manage dependency graph.  • Developed Validation forms using JavaScript.  • Tested React components and application using Jasmine and Karma.  • Used GIT for version control.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJS, Typescript, ES6/5, NPM, Webpack, No SQL, GIT, Jasmine and Karma. Front End UI Developer AMEX - Phoenix, AZ September 2014 to October 2015 Description:  I am involved in developing an application for internal client use to provide services like client login, to acquire required data from the database using HTML, CSS, AngularJS, NodeJS. Involved in developing application responsive using Bootstrap.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in the analysis specification, design, implementation and testing phases of Software following Agile Methodology.  • Worked with XML and JSON using jQuery and JavaScript.  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML5 and CSS3 according to internal standards and guidelines.  • Developed and validated login pages of the network for good using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Developed cross browser and multi browser compatible web pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Implemented AJAX functionality using JQUERY, JSON and XML.  • Designed custom directives using AngularJS.  • Worked on AngularJS features like Two Way Binding, Custom Directives, Controllers, Filters, Services and Project Architecture.  • Involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the on-going project status and issues.  • Used JSON to fetches the data from Web Services.  • Ensured site design integrity and quality control consistency throughout the project's lifecycle.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  • Worked with teams where requirements are constantly being implemented, tested and improved.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Bootstrap, NodeJS, AngularJS and GIT. Front End UI Developer Delta Dental - San Francisco, CA December 2013 to August 2014 Description:  Involved in development, design and implementation of front End part widget based application, report generation and Backend Integration.  Responsibilities:  • Coordination of project activities and ensure that all project phases are followed and properly documented.  • Involved in report generation.  • Backend Integration.  • Conducted daily scrum meetings and updated burnt chart.  • Utilized new software methodologies to be able to adapt to changes in requirements quickly.  • Involved in write application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Experienced with implementing different features of Bootstrap.  • Involved in client side tooling, testing & development with HTML, Modular JavaScript etc.  • Created Master Pages, CSS Styles Sheets and Integrated to Silverlight and got approval from Business Stake holders.  • Created and maintained the framework and layout of each portal with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).  • Involved in parsing JSON API to JDOs and use them in frontend.  • Involved in Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using AJAX, jQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  • Developed dynamic e-mails using JavaScript, and hand coding of HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Utilized various jQuery plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Extensively used HTML for audio and video playback. Worked on the MVP architecture.  • Worked one-on-one with client to develop layout, color scheme for his website and implemented it into a final interface design with the HTML/CSS &JavaScript using Dreamweaver.  • Used AJAX, JSON with jQuery for request data and response processing.  • Developed programs to port the XML data to database to make the website XML driven.  • Involved Finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  • Demonstrated implementation and up-gradation of JavaScript Library. Involved in configuring the GIT repository and maintain the version control using GIT. Discussed various ideas/suggestions for the ongoing web sites regarding the page layout and creative design.  Environment: Object Oriented JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, XML, HTML, DHTML, CSS, JSP, Dreamweaver, MVP, Jasmine, MySQL and Twitter Bootstrap. Junior UI Developer Augusta Hi-tech Soft Solutions - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu August 2012 to June 2013 Responsibilities:  • Developed web sites using JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  • Gathered data from API/web services via AJAX-JSON calls and updating the DOM within the result sets.  • Creating cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS based page layouts.  • Worked on fixing cross browser compatibility issues.  • Created Valid HTML, CSS templates.  • Developed and maintained Payment system using JavaScript  • Created pages in Site Core and validating the HTML code with W3C Validator.  • Fixed the HTML errors in site core content editor.  • Fixed Front- End issues with the layouts.  • Involved in developing code using core Java.  • Highly involved in making updates to the current website and simultaneously handling other projects.  Environment: HTML, CSS, Java, AJAX, Bootstrap and Usability Testing. Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Northwestern Polytechnic University 2015 Skills C++, Git, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, REACTJS, Front End, React, Front-End, UI, Angular, Redux Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/malavika-k-3168a4147 Certifications/Licenses SQL Certification from Oracle December 2014 to Present Driver's License Additional Information Technical Skills:  Web Technologies  HTML, HTML 5, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), scss, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular2/1.x, NodeJS, ReactJS, ImmutableJS, ECMASCRIPT6, JSON, AJAX    Testing Frameworks Jasmine, Enzyme, Jest  Languages C, C++, Java  IDE, HTML Editor Sublime, Notepad++, Eclipse IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver, WebStorm  Application servers Tomcat Server, WebSphere, WebLogic  Database Oracle11g, MySQL  Operating Systems Windows, Mac OS, Unix, Ubuntu  Version Controls SVN, GIT  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall