Sr. PHP Developer Sr. PHP <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. PHP Developer - JP Morgan chase, Columbos Baton Rouge, LA • 7 years' experience in Client server web applications development using PHP.    • Extensive experience in website design and development    • Experience in client language and server scripting languages like JavaScript and JQuery    • Experience in implementing open source CMS applications using Wordpress    • Proficient in Object Oriented programming design and concepts    • Knowledge in MVC programming architecture structure    • Experience with version control system GIT using Bitbucket and Github    • Experience with SonyDADC Ven.ue Content Management System    • Validate forms using JQuery, AJAX, HTML5 and PHP    • Experience working with Linux, MAC OS and Windows    • Experience working with the LAMP stack platform    • Hands on experience in using relational databases, writing SQL Queries and Stored procedures in MySQL    • Experience working with Atlassian JIRA Project management system    • Experience working with Advanced Custom Field (ACF) to design custom CMS applications    • Cross-browser front end development skills (HTML, CSS, JS, JQuery)    • Experience in Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Client/Server Connectivity, and Database Consistency Checks using different Utilities    • Experienced in solving issues in web browsers, following the W3C standards to maintain the website with defect free.    • Ability to learn new concepts and programming languages rapidly to meet demands of business application development.    • Self-starter, Quick Learner, Team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.    • Experience in web and mobile testing using emulators, mobile devices and browser like Safari, Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera.    • Excellent communication and documentation skills.    • Hard working, self-motivated, innovative, flexible and well organized.    • Strong knowledge of all functional areas of business including, finance, insurance.    • Strong self-motivated person and attracted by new technologies.    • Strong organizational and communication skills that facilitate success in attaining commitment and team work.    • Strong time management skills in handling multiple projects, releases and deadlines under minimal supervision. Work Experience Sr. PHP Developer JP Morgan chase, Columbos June 2017 to Present Responsibilities    • Designed and maintained Web forms and Banners using PHP5 and Laravel Framework  • Used Heroku for hosting PHP5 application, Data exchange with third party using PHP5/XML  • Used PHP5, HTML and JavaScript webpage coding integrated with MySQL using Apache HTTP and Optimized PHP5 project running on Symphony framework  • Enhanced exiting website using PHP5, MySQL, RESTful APIs, HTML, XHTML, Oracle, jQuery, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript and XML etc.  • Added functionality as career timeline and media (images / Video) upload using technology HTML, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS  • Implemented Laravel MVC Architecture for routing, authentication and implementing ORM Eloquent for querying Database  • Designed HTML pages using Jade templating engine  • Extensively used HTML5, React.JS, Angular.JS, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting for form validations And JSON for data exchange between client and server  • Specially working with AJAX data consisting of JSON responses, parsing the same and presenting on the UI layer and also used Ajax, JSON to send request to the server to check the functionality of the websites  • Used LAMP for hosting the Drupal application  • Used various Drupal tools including Drush, Memcache, Views, CCK.  • Involved in developing Custom modules and themes for Drupal application using hooks  • Used Require.JS for dependency injection  • Implemented a caching feature to cache static web pages in memory using XML and PHP  • Integrated and configured the Lucene search engine for PHP application  • Used agile methodology for the software development  • Involved in writing procedures, complex queries using PL/SQL to extract data from database and to delete the data and to reload the data on Oracle DB using Toad tool  • As a scrum team member worked on agile stories, trouble shooting issues and fixing defects  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, PHP, Lamp, MySQL, Drupal, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Apache Server, Word Press, NetBeans, Ubuntu, VMware, subversion. PHP Developer Group1200 Media - TX January 2016 to May 2017 Responsibilities:    • Developed applications using Object Oriented PHP    • Worked as part of software development teams in the design, development and support of both new and existing software products and systems; reporting status, monitoring issues/problems and recommending action plans.    • Build custom child themes using the Genesis framework and custom plugins for Wordpress CMS sites    • Build custom Wordpress CMS applications using Advanced Custom Fields (ACF)    • Development of scripts to achieve the scheduling and automation of daily, weekly and monthly processes which include the generation of reports.  • Worked in Agile based environment with daily scrum calls and coordination with team members.    • Developed and maintained functions, procedures, triggers, indexes using MYSQL database programming language.    • Involved in SEO and improving analytics, performance of the site using Schema SEO.    • Used Google Map API V3 to display selected counties and used custom pins in that and multiple points display.    • Develop web applications and content management systems within a LAMP environment that includes distributed servers and MYSQL databases.    • Responsible for supporting existing applications, developing new features for existing applications, and developing new web-based applications.    • Coordinating with Project Manager for getting the requirements and developing the code to support new applications    • Peer code review of the development actions as well as test case review of the test cases created by QA.    • Responsible for developing regression tests, reviewing documentation, implementing, maintaining and ensuring coding standards and guidelines, and source control procedures.  • Involved in database design, application design and site architecture design to meet requirements.    • Integrating RESTful Web services using the SLIM framework with Wordpress.    • Develop user interface using PHP5, AJAX, JQuery, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and LAMP to perform CRUD functions on multiple Wordpress CMS Sites.    • Participating in project design sessions to document technical specifications and to provide design options and solutions.    • Use JIRA, GIT and Bitbucket for project management of issues and source control    • Install, configure and manage Wordpress installations    • Writing cross-browser compliant HTML, CSS, JSON and JavaScript    Environment: PHP, Wordpress, MYSQL, GIT, Sequel Pro, JSON, PHPStorm, Firebug, Vagrant, SLIM PHP API Framework, AJAX, AngularJS, HTML5, Linux Front End Web Developer DYNAMIC INC - Sheboygan, WI March 2013 to December 2015 Responsibilities  • Developed code using HTML, PHP and JQuery for slideshows and designed images such as Logo using Adobe Photoshop.  • Building PHP websites using PHP based CMS frameworks like Joomla.  • Worked Extensively on MySQL as a backend.  • Implemented dynamic web applications using AJAX.  • Communicated with project manager to clearly define project specifications and plans.  • Modified pictures to fit better on webpages using Adobe Photoshop.  • Developed user interface using HTML5 and CSS3.  • Implemented fundamental web functions using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Prepared multiple validation pages using JavaScript and PHP.  • Solved the performance oriented problems by implementing new code and by modifying the existing code.  • Validated all the HTML/XHTML and CSS code per W3C and made it complaint.  • Fixed cross browser compatibility issues for Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and IE.  • Conducted multiple times of testing using testing tools such as Chrome Inspector, Firefox Firebug, and IE Tester  • Cooperated with teammates using version control tools such as GIT.  Environment: HTML4/HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, Python, HTML, Visual Studio, Photoshop. Front End Developer Thomson Reuters - Dallas, TX July 2011 to January 2013 Thomson Reuters Corporation is a Canadian multinational mass media and information firm. The firm was founded in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Thomson Reuters was ranked as Canada's "leading corporate brand" in the 2010 Interbrand Best Canadian Brands ranking. Thomson Reuters operates in more than 100 countries, and has more than 45,000 employees    Responsibilities:  • Built responsive webpages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, Handlebars JS, TypeScript and Angular 4.0.  • Worked in Agile environment with daily standups, weekly sprints, sprint reviews and sprint planning meetings.  • Experience in using various features of Angular 4.0 like data binding, routing, pipes, custom directives and string interpolation to meet the project requirements.  • Used Handlebars JS, javascript ES6 and SASS partials for building AEM marketing pages.  • Experienced in building progressive disclosure web forms using structural directives such as ng-if, ng-for and ng-template in Angular 4.0.  • Created custom animations on webpages using CSS3 keyframes, transitions and transformation effects.  • Used Promises and Observables to make RESTFUL API calls for persistence and data retrieval.  • Created live chat functionality and integrated with Salesforce Live agent - Live chat for on demand chat.  • Built multilingual web pages using i18n internationalization on Angular pages and YAML on AEM pages.  • Worked with tools such as Grunt task runner, webpack module bundler and NodeJSrun-time environment.  • Built webpages with support for multiple browsers such as, IE, EDGE, Chrome, Firefox, Safari with support for multiple mobile and tablet browsers as well.  • Stored and retrieved cookies and session tokens for persistence of user session and for storing user data.  • Performed SEO (Search Engine Optimization) on website through image optimization, HTML tag optimization and Video event tracking.  • Maintained a high level of Unit Test coverage with Jasmine testing framework and Karma test runner.  • Performed peer reviews on code and Merge approvals on merge requests by peers.  • Used GIT for version control with Github for Angular and Bitbucket for AEM part of the project.  • Used Jira for issue management and Zeplin for collaboration on designs with the design teams.  • Worked on bug fixes, performance optimizations and code refactoring.  Environment: Angular 4.0, NodeJS, TypeScript, Handlebars JS, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES6, JSON, SASS, GIT, Agile, AEM, Saleforce liveagent, YAML, Grunt, Webpack, Jasmine, Karma, Jira, Zeplin, Github, Bitbucket. Education AS in Interactive Multimedia Technology Columbus State Community College Skills HTML (7 years), JAVASCRIPT (7 years), AJAX (5 years), CSS (5 years), jQuery (5 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Web Technologies PHP, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, JSON, XML  Java Script Libraries JQuery, AJAX  Debugging Tool Chrome Inspector, Firefox Firebug, IE Tester  CMS Wordpress, Magento, SonyDADC Ven.ue  Browsers Platforms Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, Internet Explorer, Mobile  browsers  IDE's and Developer Tools Sublime Text, NetBeans, Notepad++, Dreamweaver, Eclipse,  PHPStorm, Xcode, Visual Studio (VS)  Application Servers Apache  Data Bases MySQL  SDLC Waterfall, Agile