Front End/UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span>/UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End/UI Developer - JP Morgan Chase Plano, TX ? Over 7 years of experience in the IT Industry Developing, Testing, Implementing the web based applications and UI applications.  ? Extensive experience in all phases of software development including identification of business needs and constraints, collection oniketa.rachhadia@gmail.comf requirements, architecture, UI Design, implementation, testing, deployment and maintenance.  ? Practicing standards and best practices for front end and full stack development. Example: Test automation, linting and code quality measures, test coverage and pipeline dashboards  ? Contributing to enterprise front end development framework using JQuery, Lodash, Handlebars libraries and many custom built libraries  ? Experience building front end using AngularJS,React, Materialize and Bootstrap CSS  ? Hands on building backend services (REST APIs) using Node.js, Express.js and Spring Boot.  ? Experience integrating with enterprise services like Message Queues, Distributed Logging, Content Management and Identity Management  ? Contributing to styling framework using LESS CSS preprocessor and raw CSS  ? Developing front end applications with mobile-oriented strategy with Responsive Web Design  ? Experience using JavaScript libraries like JQuery,Mongoose, Passport.js and xml2json  ? Developing accessible web applications collaborating with compliance and accessibility team  ? Experience using Selenium for Chrome for automation of functional end to end test cases  ? Implemented end to end test cases for back end services using Postman and SOAPUI  ? Developed custom log analyzer for Splunk to monitor and debug relevant issues  ? Practicing programming best practices like reusability, readability and consistency  ? Sound Understanding and good Experience with object oriented and functional programming principles  ? Intuitive insights in web design, user experience design and use journey identification  ? Experience with build and deployment pipelines using Webpack, Gulp, Maven, Jules and Jenkins  ? Utilizing package and dependency managers like npm, Bower and Maven  ? Experience with version control systems like Git, Stash and BitBucket  ? Implementing various levels of test cases using Mocha, Chai, Karma, Phantom.js and Sinon  ? Experience using relational databases like Oracle and document db (MongoDB)  ? Expert in designing web applications and web contents utilizing various Search Engine Optimization (SEO) techniques.  ? Expertise in analyzing the DOM Layout, Javascript functions, Cascading Styles across cross-browser using Firebug, Developer ToolBar.  ? Experienced in working in AGILE based development environment and participating in Scrum sessions.  ? Strong experience in writing and updating the technical documents on a daily basis with the changes made to the existing environment.  ? Excellent Technical, Analytical, Problem Solving skills, strict attention to detail and ability to work independently, work within a team environment.  ? Excellent communication skills, interpersonal, strong architectural skills, hardworking and a very good team player and ability to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization such as technical, management and customers. Work Experience Front End/UI Developer JP Morgan Chase - Plano, TX December 2017 to Present Responsibilities:    ? Extensively worked on developing credit card applications using enterprise front end development frameworks.  ? Experience using JQuery and javascript for screen design and development.  ? Used jQuery to simplify HTML DOM tree traversal and manipulation, as well as event handling, CSS animation, and Ajax  ? Used AJAX for making asynchronous calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it  ? Used Responsive Web Design approach so that web pages render well on a variety of devices.  ? Extensively used CSS and Bootstrap for styling the HTML elements.  ? on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  ? Extensively involved in redesigning the entire site with CSS styles for consistent look and feel across all browsers and all pages.  ? Used various libraries of JavaScript like JQuery, xml2json and passport.js.  ? Strictly followed Web 3.0 design features such as simplicity, fewer columns, separate top sections, fonts, simple navigation, logos, gradients, reflections and more.  ? Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML5 and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wireframes and process flows.  ? Used HTML templating frameworks like Handlebars  ? Implemented UI styling using Less CSS preprocessor  ? Developed application to match design specs for complex page layouts while adhering to code standards  ? Developing front end screens to be cross-browse & cross-platform based application while using CSS.  ? Implemented integration with Sonar to achieve code quality standards  ? Implemented test cases using Mocha, Chai and Karma with continuous improvements in test coverage  ? As a team member of Agile team, wrote new stories and groomed them to make them ready to play  ? Integrated backend services with Splunk and utilized Splunk dashboards to troubleshoot production issues  ? Implemented Selenium plugin for Chrome to automated functional test cases  ? Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional  requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  ? Developed full-stack skills including backend Spring Boot services  ? Setup CICD pipelines using Jenkins for UI and Services repositories  ? Experience with build and deployment pipelines using Webpack, Gulp, Maven, Jules and Jenkins  ? Utilizing package and dependency managers like npm, Bower and Maven  ? Experience with version control systems like Git, Stash and BitBucket  ? Coordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  ? Worked with a team of architects and back- end Developers to gather requirements and enhance the application functionality and add new features.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JQuery, AJAX, JavaScript, Responsive Web Design, bootstrap, passport.js, underscore.js, ajv, Node.js, DOM, JSON, XML, karma, mocha, chai, jenkins, jules, npm, bower, gulp, SOAP, postman, agile, Windows. Front End/UI developer Saturn Infotech - Richardson, TX July 2012 to December 2017 Responsibilities:  ? Bootstrapped project from beginning with inception, roadmap setting, requirements gathering and development cycles  ? Developed front end application using AngularJS, D3.js and Bootstrap CSS  ? Setup development environment, practices and technology stack including IDEs, development cycle, ways of working, version control practices and build process  ? Utilized Grunt and Jenkins for build and deployment pipelines  ? IImplemented test cases using Mocha and Chai  ? Implemented back end REST APIs using Node.js, Passport.js, Express.js, NodeRedis and Mongoose  ? Designed Responsive front end optimized for different displays.  ? Integrated with enterprise Hadoop cluster to queue, track and recycle large data batch processes  ? Utilized Redis to cache large amounts of data to support fast query support from REST APIs  ? Implemented coding standards and code review process aligned with git flow  ? Created templates for JIRA stories for consistency and quality of user stories  ? Added event handlers, D3.JS dynamic styling effects to links & nodes within main network graph.  ? Integrated with enterprise distributed log management (Splunk) using splunk-javascript-logging and splunk-bunyan  ? Implemented token based authentication for REST APIs and integration with active directory for front end authentication  ? Integrated with third party external APIs with throttle limits to collect quality data results at minimal cost  ? Developed AngularJS services to perform custom calculations and as a wrapper over HTTP service  ? Developed custom components from Bootstrap standard components  ? Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  ? Used Message Queue for Asynchronous communication between the applications.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JQuery, Java Script, XML, XHTML, DOM, JSON, Responsive Web Design, D3.JS, JQuery UI, bootstrap, Angular.js, Node.js, Ext JS, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flex, W3C, GWT, SOAP, agile and Windows. Associate Professor CIT Changa India December 2007 to May 2008 Organization: CIT Changa India  Responsibilities:  ? Programming Lab In Charge  ? Teaching Computer Engineering Subjects like Database, Data structure, Algorithms, Data Modeling, Data Mining  Programming Lab In Charge Research & Development CIT Changa India May 2007 to May 2008 Subject: Data Mining  ? Topic: Enhancing the scalability of Algorithm Attribute Oriented Induction  ? By introducing the entropy bases Information Gain Calculation method for Attribute Relevance Analysis, I have tried to improve the scalability of the existing algorithm. After doing the through research on this, I have implemented this project using Java-JSP technology to prove the desired results. Web Hosting Support Engineer STP Web Hosting LLC May 2005 to August 2006 India  Responsibilities:  ? Manage servers remotely.  ? Managing backups and restoration of database.  ? Providing on-line support to customers.  ? Domain Registration with various domain registries like Enom, Godaddy, Network Solution, DirectI.  ? Communication with different Data Centers like Atjeu, handy network, Ev1 etc for Server and database related issues  ? Install, configure, and upgrade software: server, tools, and applications  ? Design/model DB structures to support a variety of software applications  ? Solving customer's problems related to Server, email, DNS, FTP, SSL, databases, billings etc. Education Master in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Dharmsinh Desai University - Gujarat, IN 2006 to 2008 Bachelor of Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Dharmsinh Desai University - Gujarat, IN 2002 to 2005 Diploma in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Technical Education Board - Gujarat, IN 1999 to 2002 Skills VISUAL STUDIO, CONTENT MANAGEMENT, Git, JAVASCRIPT, MONGOOSE, NODE.JS, MESSAGE QUEUE, SVN, ANGULARJS, SPRING, jQuery, MONGODB, CVS, VERSION CONTROL, IDENTITY MANAGEMENT, ORACLE, LINUX, UNIX, PASSPORT