Sr. Software Developer Sr. Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. Software Developer Fort Lauderdale, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Software Developer Convey Health Solutions - Fort Lauderdale, FL December 2017 to February 2019 Convey Health Solutions is a specialized healthcare technology and services company that is committed to providing clients with healthcare-specific, compliant member support solutions utilizing technology, engagement, and analytics. Convey Health Solutions, the market leading provider of supplemental OTC benefit administration services, can provide health plan with an OTC benefit that members truly appreciate.    Responsibilities:  Load Testing Project:    ? Lead and Responsible for managing a team of 6 for the Load Testing Project.  ? Co-ordination, collection and documentation of the requirements, development of user stories, estimates and work plans.  ? Maintenance of Load Testing environment both in local server and cloud server.  ? Designed and developed two applications which automates the entire process of two modules using,  ? ASP.NET 4.5  ? C#  ? Bootstrap  ? JQuery  ? XML  ? AJAX  ? SQL  • Conducted comprehensive testing of developed application in development and QA environments in order to stabilize the application with no bugs.  • Hosting the application on IIS and Windows Task Scheduler.  • Worked on developing, deploying and running the services and application on Azure.  • Analysis and resolution technical and application problems  • Used Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) for source code maintenance.; Code and Database Deployments on QA environments.  • Managed project related documentation throughout the project.    Automation Project:  • Onshore Lead for a team of 5 for the automation project.  • Involved in the complete lifecycle (SDLC, STLC) of the project i.e. off-shore co-ordination, requirements gathering, analysis, planning, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.  • Debug the issues raised by the QA team and provide inputs to the developer.  • Oversee the coding techniques and ensure that the implementation done by the team satisfies the business requirements as specified.  • Project related document sharing and team collaboration.    Internal Project and OTC Project activities:    • Merge Co-ordinator - In-charge for performing code - merge on a timely fashion and final code - merge; Prepare Merging documents.  • Co-ordinator for 3 teams (QA and SDET resources) for the overall process confirmation in the projects.  • Effectively manage team members in line with company policy and procedures, including performance, development and conflict resolution with effective feedback.  • Gained business knowledge and actively participated in specifying software solutions for business needs.  • Worked closely with the business analysts and developers on issues related to design and requirements.  • Prepare, Process and debug 834 eligibility files on OTC applications.  • Guidance to other team for the resolution of technical and application related issues.  • Assisting offshore QA for building queries / procedures for backend testing and report testing.  • Configuration setup for multiple client environments.  • Assisting in weekly production deployments, verification testing (TiP) on LIVE environment.    Environment: Angular JS, JavaScript, JQuery, TypeScript, Bootstrap, NodeJS, ASP.NET MVC 3.0, C#.NET, Visual Studio 2013, EntityFramework, VB6, .NET4.0, IIS 7.0, Web Services, WCF, XSLT, Silverlight, AJAX, SOAP, ASP.Net, C#, LINQ, XAML, SQL Server 2008R2,2012,2014, LoadRunner, TestNG, Windows Server 2003. Sr.Net Developer Geisinger - Bloomsburg, PA November 2015 to November 2017 Geisinger Health System is a physician-led health care system of northeastern and central Pennsylvania with headquarters located in Danville, PA. It is widely recognized for its innovative use of the electronic health record and with the development of innovative care delivery models such as ProvenHealth navigator, ProvenCare and ProvenExperience.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in complete life cycle(SDLC) including design, development and testing.  ? Designed and developed N-tier applications.  ? Used agile methodologies while developing this software application.  ? Designed and developed Presentation Layer, Business Logic Layer and Data Access Layer.  ? Used MVC pattern for both UI development with AngularJS and application server-side development with C# and ASP.NET MVC.  ? Worked on AngularJS as the development framework to build a single-page application.  ? Extensively used UI Bootstrap components written in pure AngularJS in SPA's.  ? Used Typescript to develop AngularJS applications for improved source code maintenance and scalability.  ? Individually designed and developed Single Page web application using Angular 2 and Typescript 2.0 application.  ? Updated the application with new features of Angular 4.  ? Built custom Angular 4 Directives and Services for single-page web application for agile-based team.  ? Implemented client-side validations using AngularJS, JQuery and ASP.NET. MVC Validation implemented at Controller level.  ? Designed and developed RESTful Web API's using ASP.NET WebAPI.  ? Developed data driven test automation scripts and executes performance and load testing of the application.  ? Used Load Runner to design and execute load and performance tests against application, web services and SQL server.  ? Independently develop test scripts using load runner protocols and execute them.  ? Analyze test results using load runner analysis and write test reports.  ? Experience in developing SQL queries for database testing.  ? Strong exposure in automation framework designing and executed automated test scripts. Used SSRS Reporting services (SSRS) to write complex formulas and to query database to generate different types of reports (Drill Down, Drill Through, Linked, Sub-reports, and Parameterized) for Business Intelligence.  ? Developed WCF Webservices for export and import of data and exposed them through SOAP, HTML and XML.  ? Used SOAP UI tools for evaluating and testing the SOAP request and response.  ? Performed unit testing, module testing, integration, and system testing.  ? Grouping test cases and generate detailed test reports using TestNG.  ? Worked on identifying database test scenarios and data retrieval options and verify data integrity.  ? Used Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Git for version control and source code maintenance.    Environment: Angular JS, JavaScript, JQuery, TypeScript, Bootstrap, NodeJS, ASP.NET MVC 3.0, C#.NET, Visual Studio 2013, EntityFramework, VB6, .NET4.0, IIS 7.0, Web Services, WCF, XSLT, Silverlight, AJAX, SOAP, ASP.Net, C#, LINQ, XAML, SQL Server 2008R2, LoadRunner, TestNG, Windows Server 2003. Sr.Net Developer GE oil and gas - Houston, TX March 2014 to August 2015 GE oil and gas was a subsidiary of the American multinational conglomerate corporation. GE oil and gas also designs and manufactures surface and subsead drilling and production systems, equipment for floating production platforms, compressors, turbines and a broad portfolio of auxiliary equipment. The purpose of technology solution centers is to foster collaboration and allow customers to better understand GE products and services fit into their projects.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in Software Development Life Cycle including Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing and Maintenance.  ? Used AGILE SCRUM development Methodology to ensure teamwork, collaboration and process adaptability throughout the life-cycle of the project.  ? Worked on JQuery KnockoutJS a concise JavaScript Library for traversing HTML document, event handling and AJAX interactions.  ? Implemented UI layer with ASP.NET, Bootstrap, CSS, HTML5, AJAX and JavaScript.  ? Implemented session state in SQL Server to maintain consistency in Web Forms Environment.  ? Developed secure login interfaces with ASP.NET Server controls. Security features were provided using Cookies and Session ID, so that unauthorized access could be denied.  ? Used Validation Controls as well as Custom validation for corresponding validations required for business logic in Web Forms.  ? Implemented client-side operations using JQuery and AJAX functionality to call the WCF operation Contracts in Asynchronous manner and to get the data in JSON format  ? Developed WCF Web services for export and import of data and exposed them through SOAP, HTTP and XML.  ? Used LINQ to Entities heavily for CRUD operations, massage the data, various LINQ operators to improve the performance by reduce the roundtrips to database.  ? Used Team Foundation Server for Source Code Control, project related document sharing and team collaboration.  ? Worked on JQuery, a concise JavaScript Library for traversing HTML document, event handling and AJAX interactions.  ? Worked extensively on web forms and data binding controls like Grid View, Data List and drop down and Mapping page fields to the database fields.  ? Designed and implemented reusable software elements like Custom Controls and User Controls using ASP.NET.  ? Used web server controls like Login Control, Menu Control and Substitution Control extensively in designing web forms.  ? Created and used SSIS for extracting data from flat files, MS Excel files, OLEDB, MS Access to SQL Server database.  ? Implemented unit test and integration test using NUnit test, which was also used for debugging the program.  ? Executed user acceptance test scripts in electronic data capture.  ? Wrote ad-hoc stored procedures to generate various reports.  ? Wrote SQL statements on the source table and see the target table is been affected according to the business transformation rules.  ? Conducted comprehensive testing of developed objects in development and QA environments, including regression testing to stabilize the application with no bugs.    Environment: ASP.Net 4.0, VB.Net, SQL Server 2008, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, CSS3, HTML5, Visual Studio 2008/2010, .Net Framework 3.5/4.0, Enterprise Library 5.0, IIS 7.5, Team foundation server 2010, WCF SOAP/REST, ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.3 N-Unit test scripts. Net Developer Progressive Insurance - Mayfield, OH June 2013 to February 2014 Progressive Insurance is one of the leading Insurance Company, engaged in business of selling variety of insurance products including Motorcycles, Boat, Motor Homes and Trial Trailer insurance through internet or direct sales representatives. SLIQ (Special Line Internet Quote) is an Internet/Intranet application. Emphasis was laid on creating Quotes converting an existing quote into an application, creating policy coverage, make payments, adding and removing drivers for each vehicle. Progressive teamed up with Thought-works for the introduction and implementation of agile methodology and test-driven development with constant build and re-factoring.    Responsibilities:  ? Coordinating with all the team members and integrating various modules in the pages.  ? Involved in different tasks like offshore co-ordination, development, requirement gathering, preparing design documents, providing sign offs for documents.  ? Actively involved in designing, planning of applications and client defined requirements, with the front- end UI team.  ? Worked on Win forms.  ? Code and unit test VB.NET programs that comply with specifications at regular intervals.  ? Developing the pages in the application, web services, and writing stored procedures in SQL.  ? Used User Interface in front end and different JavaScript's in Angular and Knockout.  ? Created a VB.Net console application to clean up duplicates and unnecessary data in the data base and the active directory.  ? Worked with SSIS and SSRS Services.  ? Developed using C#, ASP MVC 2.0 and .Net 3.5.  ? Wrote database triggers in T-SQL to check the referential integrity of the database.  ? Worked with Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF)  ? Wrote stored procedures, Triggers, Views in SQL Server 2008, 2012.  ? Created runtime architecture for showing questionnaire for the product, which involved SQL for look and feel, Mainframe for storing questions and answers.  ? MVVM pattern for User Interface.  ? Conducted unit and functional testing on the whole application and deployment in QA and clone sites.    Environment: Visual Studio 2008, Merrill proprietary framework, UI, Win Forms, .Net Framework 3.5, MVC, T-SQL, WPF, VB.Net, C#, ASP.Net 3.5, ASP.Net AJAX, XML Web Services, SQL Server 2008, JavaScript, DHTML, TFS, Windows XP/2000/NT. Front- end Developer Quomatic Solutions April 2012 to May 2013 Quomatic Solutions Pvt Ltd is an end to end solution established by young entrepreneur, who want to contribute various innovative ideas to reduce unemployment and develop a new horizon among the youth. Quomatic Solutions provides various services to the corporate sector by getting the business process outsourcing services. Quomatic Solutions Pvt Ltd is a risk assessment and analytical solutions to Individuals. Quomatic Solutions Pvt Ltd has been formed with the vision of providing quality services in the field of Document and Data Management, Customer (Individual / Corporate) profiling, Business Process Outsourcing, Application Development and Maintenance. At Quomatic Solutions, we provide L2 and L3 support services for RFG Compliance Desktop Platform, which serves as an enterprise compliance-management solution platform that is deployed over the web to help RFG's client to manage their compliance structure and functions in a single portal.    Responsibilities:  ? Involved in the complete lifecycle (SDLC, STLC) of the project i.e. requirements gathering, analysis, planning, design, implementation, testing and maintenance.  ? Providing support for client production environment.  ? Used HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop dynamic web pages with attractive look and feel.  ? Developed Web Forms for User Interfaces using ASP.NET and VB.NET using Server Controls, HTML Controls and User Controls.  ? Developing the application based on the client's requirement.  ? Participated in Server side and Client-side programming to make sure both frontend and backend will be on same page.  ? Worked on cross browsers to make sure applications runs the same in all browsers without any compatible issues.  ? Upgrading clone sites, testing sites and production sites using PuTTY to maintain the stability of the application.  ? Used Tortoise SVN repository for version control, code commits, merges and updates.  ? Performed Unit Testing and fixing the bugs at regular intervals.    Environment: .Net Framework 2.0, Oracle, C#.NET, SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio 2005, Tortoise SVN, JIRA, PuTTY, Agile Environment. Education Bachelor's Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Technical Skills:    Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, VB, MySQL, T- SQL, PL/SQL  Scripting: JavaScript, VB Script, Typescript  Web Technologies: ASP.NET4.5/4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, ASP.NET MVC 5.0/4.0/3.0, Silverlight 4.0/3.0, Ajax 3.0/2.0 JQGrid, WEBAPI, REST/RESTFUL, HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, WebServices, XHTML, XML, XSLT.  IDE Tools: VisualStudio2015/2013/2012/2010/2008/2005, SQL Server Management Studio, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse IDE.  .Net Framework: .Net Framework 4.5/4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0.  JavaScript Frameworks: JQuery, KnockoutJS, AngularJS, NodeJS, Angular2  Databases: SQL SERVER 2012/2008/2005/2000, MS Access 2010/2007/2003, MongoDB, Oracle 10g/9i/8i, PL/SQL.  Reporting Tools: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS 2008/2005), Crystal Reports (2010/9/8.5/8), App Dynamics, Solar Winds DPA.  Version Control Tools: Team Foundation Server (TFS), Git, Visual SourceSafe (2005) version. Tortoise SVN.  Middleware: WCF, ADO.NET 4.0/3.5/3.0/2.0, MSMQ, EntityFramework 6/5.0/4.1, Web Services, Enterprise Library 5.0/4.0/3.1.  Web Servers: IIS 6.0/7.0/8.5, Tomcat, Apache.  Others: SOAPUI, Fiddler, Postman Rest Client, wampp, PuTTY