Job Seeker As a highly motivated and creative individual, my career aspiration is to contribute the best of my services  for the organization to achieve the goals and strategic directions. Obtain a challenging leadership position  applying creative problem solving and lead management skills with a growing company to achieve  optimum utilization of its resources and maximum profits. Work Experience Institutional Investment Passport December 2016 to Present Project #1: Offshore Team coordinator Institutional Investment Passport December 2016 to Present Description:  This Project aims to update its application "Passport" with better User Experience.    Benefits:  • Passport users can check their Notifications, reports, Assets, transactions details along with  Trending applications and news related to wealth management.  • Users can download their reports in pdf, excel format for their reference.  • All transaction data can be displayed as Table view, Chart View, List view and Chart view (bar and pie charts).    Contribution:  • Involved in the Product backlog analysis.  • Created Notification and Reports modules  • Proactively supported other team member's UI fixes  • Handling client calls and managing deliverables.  • Delivered all the changes with zero production issues. UI DEVELOPER American Express February 2011 to November 2016 American Express is a global service company, providing customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. American Express is the largest card issuer by  purchase volume and operates a worldwide network that processes millions of merchant transactions  daily, a leader in global payments. American Express Company is a global travel, financial and network  service provider, company provides individuals with charge and credit cards, Travelers Cheques and other  stored value products. It also offers financial planning, brokerage services, Mutual funds, insurance and other investment products.  Projects involved:    Nautilus project:  Nautilus project is aimed to update Global Networking Site Market Homepages and other card details  pages. This entire website is running on AngularJS. Homepage (without login) and Connect (with Login)  functionalities were introduced in this project along with iNav Header, iNav Change Country, Global Footer,  Non-JS Message and Cookie Overlay Message.    Benefits:  • The redesigned Layout will have the latest design with easy accessible.  • The redesigned Journey will meet the necessary SEO and Accessibility Standards    Contribution:  • Development of website pages  • Became Erudite all new AngularJS functionalities in short span  • Development of home page for all the cards where a user can view all the cards and can compare  multiple cards.  • Implemented All markets with minimal defects.    UK Welcome Center Redesign:  This Project aims to update old card landing pages to a responsive page with more attractive User  Experience.    Benefits:  • The new Card Landing pages will be Hosted in iCM, so that the business will be able to update the  Homepage Hero offers at any point of time.  • Better user experience with enabled iTag tracking so that business can understand the User needs and likes.    Contribution:  • In the Product backlog analysis.  • Creation of iCM Card Landing pages using the HALO Template  • Handling client calls and managing deliverables.    AMEX Apple Pay and Mobile App pages:  The main aim of AMEX Apple Pay and Mobile App pages project to enable user for their Apple pay and mobile app applications.    Benefits:  • Users able to know the process for Apple pay along with the terms and FAQs  • Users can understand the benefits of the Mobile Application and can bel able to see the account  details at any point of time  • The designed pages will have responsive design with better user interface    Contribution:  • In the project scope analysis.  • Build pilot pages for both Apple pay and Mobile app in UK Market and guide the team for rest of the markets build  • Handling client calls.  Brazil website uplift:  The main aim of Homepage to Brazil website uplift project is to redesign the current existing old Brazil  American Express homepage to newly customized business suggested design.    Benefits:  • The redesigned Homepage will have the latest design as per the Bradesco site.  • The redesigned Homepage will meet the necessary SEO and Accessibility Standards  • The redesigned Homepage will have custom navigation where the user will navigate to all the  Bradesco hosted sites    Contribution:  • In the Product backlog analysis.  • Identify the logic in the Login Module section  • Increasing the SEO and Accessibility Standards  • Handling client calls. STATIC CONTENT DEVELOPER American Express November 2010 to July 2013 Homepage Server Clean-up:  The main aim of Homepage Server cleanup project is to identify and resolve the security vulnerabilities across the international markets pages and decommission the obsolete pages based on the zero hit  analysis. We have Configured the market level vanities & redirections which will stream line the vanity/redirections procedure, this results better control over the market level vanity/redirections along with remediating Hail storm tool observations will remove the security vulnerabilities across the international market web pages.    Responsibilities:  • In the requirement analysis.  • Identified the page level redirects to move them to Server level i.e., implementing/moving the redirections at market specific .htaccess file and deleting the pages physically. This results better  maintenance of vanities & redirections and also increases the overall physical server space.  • Worked on Decommission of Zero hit pages.  • Responsible for The Hailstorm configuration/scan/bug fixing.  • Handling client calls.    home3 & www24 Migration:  As part of home3 & www24 domains Migration project, Edge technologies decided to migrate all the business confirmed active pages to Intl Brochureware home page/iCM & iForms applications by aligning with market specific Business POC(s), So Team has figured out the current active pages in both  ("home3.americanexpress.com" & "www24.americanexpress.com") legacy server and then categorize it into Static, Form & Obsolete pages then migrate the respective pages to either iForms or Brochureware  home page/iCM servers.    Responsibilities:  • Identifying obsolete pages and Interact with Business to get confirmation on the final list of obsolete pages.  • Wrote a code for XSS vulnerability which is initially implemented in Spain market later on executed on all the Brouchureware markets.  • Works 24X7 to get the business alignment on time.  • Build respective static pages for the existing pages in iCM using International Benefit Detail  Template (HTML dump approach). Offshore Technical Lead SEO 2013 to 2013 2013 project:  As the existing CMAX/Brochureware pages are not SEO compliant without having proper URL names to describe the page content and which is not understood by search engines to classify/index the page for  specific search on Amex cards. So the Amex engaged 'Green Light', a SEO optimization organization to enhance the SEO rating for Amex pages especially across Prospect site. They came with a solution to have  page URL names setup with meaningful and short names with words the search engines can index.    Responsibilities:  • Worked as Offshore Technical Lead for the content associated to International Homepages and  Prospect Journey pages.  • Resolved implementation challenges evolved during the migration on International Homepages with other applications and ensured delivery in stringent timelines.  • Apart from page performance, took the initiative of improving the SEO mark of the top level pages, by re-structuring the pages.  • Interaction with engagement team and business for requirements finalization and closure.  • Established empathy and rapport with the customer & ensured high customer satisfaction levels.    MVT TESTING ON AMEX PJ:  MVT or Multivariate Testing is a process by which more than one component of a website may be tested in a live environment. This is usually employed in order to ascertain which content or creative variation  produces the best improvement in the defined version of the website, the best will be later. As  part of this project developed different variations for each PJ page.    Responsibilities:  • Requirement analysis.  • Development of various hero offer pages.  • Bug fixing and unit testing of various modules.  • Handling client calls from analysis to delivery.    AMEX INTL BROCHUREWARE, TRIDION & INAV(MSE):  It is a very significant project for Amex. The objective of the MSE (Minor Site Enhancements) is to enhance the website continuously. It keeps refreshing the content and functionalities to keep improving the website day by day.    Responsibilities:  • Requirement analysis.  • Development of various hero offer pages.  • Bug fixing and unit testing of various modules.  • Handling client calls from analysis to delivery. Front End Developer Fundamentals Management Systems like Vignette 2011 to 2011 7.4, SDL Tridion 2011 tools.  • Having good exposure of Project Management along with Rally and JIRA tools.  • Having good exposure of Agile methodology and Waterfall methodology  • Possess strong Banking & Financial Services domain knowledge.  • Ability to establish priorities, work independently and execute projects good organizational and time management skills.  • Managing the Operational & financial activities, timelines, resource allocation and project end to end deliverables.    Skill Set  Front End Developer Fundamentals HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, JQuery, RWD  CSS Frameworks Bootstrap  JS Libraries and Frameworks React JS, Angular JS  Server Side Scripting Node JS  Version Control Tools Git, GitHub  Build and Automation Tools Gulp, Bower  Java Script Testing Jest, Enzyme  Content Management Tools Vignette 7.4, SDL Tridion 2011  Project Management Rally, JIRA Education B Tech in Electronics and Communications SISTAM College of Engineering 2008