Front End Developer (React JS) <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> <span class="hl">Developer</span> (React JS) Front End Developer (React JS) - Verisk, NJ Plano, TX • 6+ years of strong experience in designing and developing User Interface (UI) applications as a Front- end Developer.  • Extensive experience in designing professional UI web applications using front- end technologies like HTML5, DHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, XML, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Angular.js/2, Node.js, React.js.  • Expertise in client scripting language and server-side scripting languages like JavaScript, jQuery and Angular.js.  • Experience in applying the latest development approaches including MVC, event-driven applications using AJAX, Object Oriented JavaScript, XML and Responsive Web Design.  • Extensive experience on implementing the AJAX features using JavaScript and jQuery.  • Extensive experience in various UI widgets using JavaScript libraries (jQuery)  • Experience in developing Web-centric applications using XML, Angular.js1.4, React.js 0.13, Node.js, JavaScript, jQuery and CSS3.  • Experience of working on CSS Pre-processors like LESS and SASS.  • Very good experience in Document Object Model (DOM).  • Experience in working with Angular 2.0 with extensive knowledge on the latest ECMA6 features and Best Practices  • Good knowledge on creating services with Angular 2 @injectable property, as to make the service available for dependency injection when creating components.  • Expertise in building strong websites confirming Web 2.0 standards using jQuery, HTML5, DHTML & CSS3 to develop valid code and table-free sties.  • Professional in creating Templates, Mockups and Prototypes, Web Interfaces, Layouts and Flow of Future Pages.  • Expert in HTML5/CSS3 development and have experience in node.js, angular.js, Ext.js, Responsive design.  • Strong knowledge in cross browser compatibility issues and W3C standards. Good Knowledge in integrating back- end applications with AJAX driven web 2.0 front- end using JavaScript framework.  • Experienced in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/UDDI/WSDL) using Top Down Approach and Bottom up Approach.  • Good Exposure in writing SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures/functions etc for relational databases like Oracle 10g/9i/8i, DB2, SQL Server 2000, MySQL, and Sybase etc.  • Hands on experience in tools such as SQL Developer and MySQL Work bench, extracted data from Ms.-SQL Server, MySQL, DB2 and Oracle.  • Prepared and ran SQL queries.  • Used complex SQL Queries to perform back- end data base testing.  • Connected to database to Query the database using SQL for data verification and validation. Work Experience Front End Developer (React JS) Verisk, NJ February 2019 to Present Verisk insurance as an insurance company not only provides insurance but also plays a big part in technology. With an objective to secure customers sensitive information planned to work on building an iOS application which not only gives customers information about the sensitive information that have been compromised but also a way to secure it. In this process I played a major role of building the backend of application.  Responsibilities:  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive (UI) web pages using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS.  • Web designing & development using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React JS and Ajax.  • Working as part of a team developing applications and services using Agile development methods.  • Building a customer-facing UI in ReactJS with Redux.  • Refined JavaScript code with addition of TypeScript.  • Developing micro service-based+ application using NodeJS with the support of AWS lambda.  • Built backend RESTful APIs using Node.js, and NoSQL databases with DynamoDB.  • Testing code with Mockery, Mocha, Chai, and Chai-Promise.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Redux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React JS.  • Maintained high percentage of code coverage by adding unit test as well as integration test.  • Integrated all the project repositories with the help of yarn and mu.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries.  • Created load testing scripts in JavaScript using Artillery JS  • Closely worked with git for version controlling.  • Heavily using Promises in code to work around the Asynchronous behavior of JavaScript.  • Contributing in all phases of the Agile development lifecycle.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Developing automation scripts to test IOS/Android app with Appium framework.    Environment: ReactJS, Node.js, Redux, JavaScript, ES6/ES5, Typescript, jQuery, AWS lambda, Mockery, Mocha, Chai, GIT, Jenkins CI/CD tools. Web UI Developer NRG Energy - Houston, TX June 2018 to January 2019 Project: North East Sales and Retention  Description: NRG Energy is electricity provider. Where this application is selling electricity and Natural gas in 9 states in the northeast this is the main moto of this project. It uses data comes from rest services hosted by Amazon web services. NRG Energy have currently half million customers enrolled in electricity and natural gas plans. They are enhancing their existing application to better perform and layout matching with latest security and standards. This project has a target of getting more enrollments and new customers and retain 5000 existing customers year on year. This project has mainly 2 modules online enrollment module and online account management module. Customers will use OE module to enroll new plans such as Electricity and Natural gas plans. Using OA module customers will manage to monitor switching plans, transfer service, Registration, Multi account management.  Responsibilities:  • Developed web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.  • Involved in developing UI screens based on design.  • Working on user stories assigned in rally and committed the code.  • Creating CSS Media Queries to make application work in all the devices.  • Debugging, Fixing of defects and bugs  • Test and deliver quality code.  • Pair Programming and Peer Code reviews.  • Development of new features and automated tests.  • To attend daily meetings to discuss about the work that need to be completed every day.  • Designing Responsive pages using jQuery that can be reusable over multiple products.  • Implemented Jest Snapshot for component unit testing.    Environment: HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, SASS/SCSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular2, Bootstrap, Json, Usability Testing, Agile methodology, Web Storm IDE, Jenkins, Git, Rallye. Sr. .NET Developer Equinix INC - Gujarat, IN December 2010 to September 2016 Loan Organization System processes the loans, creates Service Requests in Branch and Call Center. Preprocessing of the loans is done to verify the eligibility and to approve the loan for the customer. When Service Request is created in Branch or Call center it must be routed to respective group, based on certain parameters like Location, Channel, Branch and Status. Escalation is required to keep track of processing of Service Request.    Responsibilities:  • Designed the application using HTML Helper and Razor Views in MVC architecture that promotes a clear separation between the different layers.  • Designing and developing User Interfaces ASP.Net on Visual Studio.  • Developed and enhanced the procedures and triggers in SQL server as per the requirements.  • Developed reports using MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and Crystal Reports.  • Developed System Settings module for user customization of the application.  • Developed Web services for Administrative Services, Configuration Services and Pricing Services.  • Followed agile methodology in developing the application and possess strong knowledge in agile methodology.  • Working as a team member and responsible for designing Clinical application.  • Worked on database modelling and database schemas and created stored procedures in SQL Server.  • Worked on Generic classes using C# to create Support Functions and Database Operations.  • Used Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) to communicate with other backend systems.  • Worked on major modules like Users, Roles, Entities, Entity Types, Pricing Records and Reports.  • Created Benchmarked Items, Active Pricing Records, Revision History, etc., reports using SQL Server Reporting Services.  • Worked on database and .Net application performance tuning to reduce the request processing load on server and having excellent .Net application and database debugging skills on SCALE UP and SCALE OUT applications.  • Used Team Foundation Server for integrating, maintenance, reporting and project tracking.  • Performed unit testing on every new version before sending it for User Acceptance Test.  • Documented the analysis and technical specification for future references.  • Implementing OOPS concepts like Inheritance to develop Base common and Base Secure modules.  Environment: .Net, ASP.Net, .Net Framework 3.5, Visual Studio 2008, XML, XSL, JavaScript, SQL Server 2008, SSRS, ADO.Net, Web services, AngularJS, SharePoint 2007, IIS, EO Tool kit, Crystal Reports and Team Foundation Server. Skills Ms visual studio, Visual studio, Git, Html, Javascript, Angular.js, Bootstrap, Node.js, Json, Scripting, Svn, Xml, Angularjs, Database, Ms sql server, Ms sql server 2008, Sql server, Sql server 2008, Oracle, Oracle 10g Links http://@injectable Additional Information Technical Skills: -  • Web Technologies HTML, HTML 5, DHTML, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), CSS3, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS, JSON, Bootstrap, AJAX and JSP.  • JavaScript Libraries jQuery, jQuery UI, jQuery Mobile, Angular.js/2, Backbone.js, React.js, Node.js.  • Scripting Languages Java, JavaScript.  • IDE's, HTML Editor Notepad++, MS Visual Studio 2012, Eclipse IDE, Net Beans IDE, Adobe Dreamweaver.  • Application servers WebSphere, WebLogic, Apache Tomcat  • Database ORACLE 10g/11g, MS SQL server 2008.  • Operating Systems Windows 98, 2000, XP, Windows7, Mac OS, Linux.  • Version Controls SVN, VSS, CVS, GIT and Harvest.