Web App Developer Web App <span class="hl">Developer</span> Web App Developer - BMW Chicago, IL • 7 years of extensive experience in designing and developing web applications using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS, React JS, Angular 2,4 Node JS, Redux, Bootstrap jQuery, AJAX, JSON that follow W3C Web standards and are browser compatible.  • Proficient in using HTML5 elements like canvas, audio and video to make the website interactive  • Extensive experience in client-side design and validations using HTML, HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Strong experience in working with CSS backgrounds, positioning, text, padding, layouts, tables and CSS behaviors.  • Good experience in using MVC (Model View Controller) framework as Angular to build Single Page Application.  • Pleasant experience in Angular for building apps and declarative templates with data-binding, created some custom directives in the application.  • Worked with Angular 2 framework to bind HTML(views) to JavaScript objects(Controllers) and model value.  • Profound experience in CSS with preprocessors like SASS/LESS.  • Experience in using version control software's like SVN and GIT.  • Good knowledge and experience of responsive web design using Bootstrap and CSS3 media queries to develop web pages that adapt to different environments.  • Good knowledge of Document Object Model (DOM) and DOM functions.  • Proficient in ReactJS for developing webpages for front- end.  • Extensive experience in using different predefined components from Redux library and NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Good understanding of Restful Web Services and APIs in AJAX, JSON.  • Strong experience in ReactJS for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, JSX, Virtual DOM, React Native concepts.  • proven ability to work with Angular routers, forms, expressions, events, DOM, filters, controllers and Http request.  • Worked with Firebug for Mozilla, Developer Toolbar for chrome and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer to check cross-browser compatibility.  • Experience in working on various IDEs like Sublime, NetBeans, Notepad++, IntelliJ, WebStorm and Brackets.  • Experience with task runners like Grunt, Gulp and Bower modules of NodeJS to manage project and to install libraries.  • Familiar with testing/building tools like Grunt, Jasmine and Karma.    TECHINCAL SKILL SET:    Languages/Script JavaScript, Typescript Work Experience Web App Developer BMW - Chicago, IL November 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Work with Product Team to categorize client requests as standard/non-standard to reduce time to assess alignment with business strategy and roadmap, and to simplify solution definition and estimation.  • Work with Product Team to analyze client requirements and determine the solution to be implemented to close any gaps.  • Work with UX team to understand and ensure technical feasibility for UX/UI.  • Work with Scrum master to define technical specification for the tickets and ensuring timebound delivery i.e., complete the task within 2-week sprint duration  • Work with Product Owner and Business Analyst to gather requirements, give technical view point for each user story (as part of sprint) like session timeout scenario of BMW Connected App  • Participate in Sprint Requirement meetings and give story points based on the technical complexity and the number of man days for each user story in the sprint backlog.  • Responsible for analyzing, Designing and developing user interface for enterprise-level Single Page web-applications using Angular 5 and Angular 6.  • Design and develop web application using HTML5, CSS3/SASS, AJAX and TypeScript.  • Designing web application architecture using Model-view-controller (MVC) and MVVM methodologies.  • Integrating web application calls with server-side REST APIs  • Testing and debugging web application using various tools  • Participate in peer code reviews and suggest improvements in code  • Performance tuning of the application using monitoring tools like Splunk and Google Analytics and develop transaction dashboards to measure time  • Fixing defects identified in pre-production environments, during User Acceptance Testing and Prod test cycles.  • Research technical design choices for Proof of Concepts like session timeout and later implement it  • Working on Git using Bitbucket repository and Jenkins for project build/deployment.  • Test the application using various testing strategies like Unit Testing for UI app in  • Angular 6 using Jasmine and Karma, Integration Testing, Downstream Testing and Regression Testing.  • Use XCode Simulator to simulate mobile phones and test how application behaves on a mobile device.  • Create Confluence documents for knowledge sharing between developers within the team and keep them updated with latest information.  • Create JIRA tickets to keep track of multiple tasks in the team, customer implementation checklists and core solution documentation for posterity. UI Developer Nemours Health System - Wilmington, DE June 2018 to October 2018 Responsibilities:    • Designed and developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular 2/4, LESS, AJAX, REST.  • Implemented new features of CSS3 like Flexbox, CSS Sprites.  • Extensively used Media Query with Grid System in Bootstrap and CSS3 to obtain Responsive Web Design.  • Strong experience with using AJAX features using Angular and JavaScript.  • Utilized third party components for date-picker, pagination etc.,  • Used Gulp task runner and Bower for scaffolding application development.  • Utilized RESTful web services to make GET, POST, PUT and DELETE requests by using Angular http services, Observables and promise objects.  • Developed single page applications using Angular 2/4, Typescript, web pack and grunt.  • Moved existing Angular services and controllers to Angular 2 components for less dependency and more responsive.  • Updated Angular 2 to Angular 4: updated to the latest version of the Angular framework.  • Involved in Agile methodology, monthly sprints and daily scrums to discuss the project development and progress.  • Documenting MongoDB installation, security, operations and auditing multiple environments.  • Used JSON for data transfer between front end and back end.  • Experience in using Bit Bucket for Source Repository.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, JavaScript, Angular 2/4 TypeScript, CSS Flex, Web Pack, Gulp, GIT. Front End Developer Charles Schwab - Austin, TX July 2017 to May 2018 Responsibilities:    • Designed and developed web pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, SASS, LESS, ReactJS, Redux, Node JS.  • Worked using ReactJS components, Forms, keys, Router, Animations, Events, Props and Flux concept.  • Implemented stable React JS for reusable UI components and stand-alone functions.  • Worked on ReactJS virtual Dom and React views to render components which contain additional components called custom HTML5 tags.  • Responsible in styling the look and feel of web page with SASS that extends CSS with dynamic behavior like variable, mixing operations and functions.  • Implemented various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from Redux library and Node Package Manager (NPM).  • Responsible for ReactJS user-interface and architecture, building components library including Tree, Table Grid and Slide-View.  • Used ReactJS to develop reusable components and templates for faster compilation.  • Developed the ReactJS container and presentational components (as functional and stateless components when applicable).  • Used NPM to manage modules &, to install helpful tools like Grunt and Express.  • Implemented modules into NodeJS to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Created single page application to dynamically render based on the JSON from Node JS server.  • Developed and implemented the MDR (Missing Data Re filler) module using MVC 4, jQuery, Razor, SQL server and AJAX to provide a process that fills the missing data from database.  • Utilized RESTful web services to integrate between Server side to Client side.  • Used JASMINE framework to perform Unit testing and write test cases for JavaScript code.  • Involved in all stages of SDLC like requirements analysis, Design, Development and Integration Testing.  • Used Agile and scrum methodologies to provide updates to business team and project managers.  • worked using JIRA to track outstanding bugs for reducing downtime, increasing productivity and improving communication.    Environment: HTML, HTML5, CSS/CSS3, jQuery, JavaScript, Bootstrap, React, Redux, RESTful services, NodeJS, Jasmine, NPM, GIT. UI Developer Landmark IT Solutions - IN May 2013 to July 2016 Responsibilities:    • Designed front- end web application structure and UI layout using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Used CSS media queries to maintain larger style sheets.  • Used Bootstrap to make the web application a responsive design.  • Implemented asynchronous functions and features by using AJAX and jQuery.  • Used jQuery for implementing user-interactive drag-drop operations.  • Implemented AngularJS calls like GET, PUT, POST to fetch or transmit data from RESTful APIs.  • Performed form validation and customer's data collection by creating AngularJS components like directives, controllers, services and so on.  • Performed debugging on HTML and JavaScript code with Firefox Firebug, Google Chrome JavaScript debugger and IE Tester  • Managed and implemented all code modifications through SVN project version control tool.  • Requirements gathering is done by implementing Agile methodology.  • communicated with QA team for code debugging, performance checking and defects resolving.    Environment: HTML, CSS, Media Queries, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, AngularJS, AJAX, SPA, Firebug, SVN, Agile. UI Developer Griscon Technology - IN July 2011 to April 2013 Responsibilities:    • Designed webpages and components by using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Created business classes and base objects.  • Utilized jQuery and JavaScript to improve the overall design and UI layout of campaign websites.  • Involved in troubleshooting JavaScript related issues with front- end connectivity.  • Used JavaScript to implement client-side validations.  • Used JSON format to extract data in UI from different clients.  • Implemented AJAX to speed up web application.  • Implemented tools as Web Developer tool bar, IE developer tool bar and Fire bug for browser compatibility and debugging.  • Involved in maintenance and production support.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Firebug and windows. Education Master's Skills AJAX, CSS, HTML, BOOTSTRAP, REDUX, Angular, Javascript, UI, React, Front End