Front End UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front End UI Developer - ADP Parsippany, NJ • Skilled and experienced UI developer with over 8 years in developing responsive and cross platform front- end web application.  • Experience in all phase of SDLC like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and Maintenance and extensive experience with Agile and SCRUM.  • Hands on experience in creating and refreshing a site page utilizing AngularJS, Angular (2-6), React JS, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and Responsive Web design (RWD), JavaScript, and jQuery crosswise over different programs and consequently accomplishing cross program similarity.  • Experience in working with Angular 2.0 with extensive knowledge on the latest ECMA6 features and Best Practices.  • Experience in consuming web services using AngularJS and interacting with server-side scripting language like Node.js, Express.js, and Backbone.js.  • Experience in using NodeJS.  • Experience with common front- end development tools such as Babel, Web pack, NPM, etc.  • Expertise in React developing UI components and implementing in Redux.  • Experience in developing modern web application using React JS.  • Experience in working with RESTful web services using jQuery, AngularJS and React JS to fetch response data for user interface.  • Experienced in using Text editors and IDE's like Espresso, eclipse, Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Cloud9, Atom, Text Wrangler, Sublime Text, NetBeans, XAMPP, Notepad and Notepad++.  • Experience in designing UI patterns and UI applications with the help of Adobe products like Adobe Dreamweaver CS3, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator CS3.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Experienced implementing Web Services using Apache SOAP, WSDL, JAX-RPC, JAX-WS, RESTful API and UDDI.  • Experience in working on CSS preprocessors like LESS and SASS along with JavaScript task runners like Gulp and GruntJS.  • Experience with Git as Version Control Tools for source code version management and communicating with the repositories in GITHUB.  • Familiarity with Version control tools like SVN, Git.  • Experience in various mobile frameworks like Ionic, phone gap/Cordova for mobile hybrid applications in both IOS and Android.  • Utilized React native components like Images, height, width, text input, flex box for development of new features  • Proficient in handling Twitter Bootstrap framework i.e., the concept of Grids, making use of advance components like Navs, Navibars, Pagination, Alerts, Progress bars etc.  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, SVN, JIRA, and Jenkins.  • In-Depth knowledge/Experience of Web 2.0, section 508 JavaScript, JQuery, W3C Standards.  • Proficient in debugging and troubleshooting with different tools such as Firebug, Chrome Inspector and IE Tester and unit test tool Jasmine.  • Skilled in solving complex issues related to browser and network performance, cross-browser and legacy IE compatibility, client-side scaling, data modeling, usability and testability.  • Possess excellent communication and Problem-Solving skills and the ability to work as a team member, as well as independently and adapt to new, evolving technologies and implement them in current projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Front End UI Developer ADP - Parsippany, NJ December 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Extensively used the Angular.JS, Angular 2.0, Angular 4.0and Angular 6.0, frameworks for single page application.  • Implemented Agile Methodologies SCRUM a light weight framework, UI SDE for managing and controlling iterative and incremental projects.  • Expertise in Angular modules like Angular-Cookies, Angular-Filter, Angular - Recourse, Angular- Route, Angular-Sanitize, Angular-Touch and Angular-UI-Bootstrap.  • Involved in web designing using HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and extensively used Table-less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Developed front- end components using Angular6, TypeScript, Angular Material and NgRx-bootstrap.  • Used NPM (Node Package Manager) and Browserify for dependency and version management of NodeJS packages for the application.  • Used @Input and @Output for passing data and triggering events across different components.  • Developed robust client and form management system with React Native, Redux, and Firebase.  • Developed the search engine and performance optimized front- end (HTML, CSS, and JS) for business and e-commerce Website.  • Have used AJAX to retrieve data from server synchronously in the background without interfering with the display and existing page in an interactive way.  • Created HTML5 navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Designed and developed functionality to get JSON document from Mongo DB document store and send it to client using RESTful web service.  • Designed and documented REST/HTTP APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy.  • Used special syntax called JSX to mix HTML with Java Script with the help of React JS.  • Developed different jQuery Component in MVC micro architecture Frame work which internally use various design patterns such as singleton, command, delegate, etc.  • Worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Worked on Bootstrap version 3.0.0, Knockout.js, require.js, Moment.js, jQuery JavaScript libraries to make website responsive and interactive.  • Developed complex compositions consisting of many dynamic components using React.js library.  • Installed node.js and utilized the NPM with Gulp-react and Gulp-concat for the build.  • Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript, OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration. Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support, CSS optimization, and ADA compliance support.  • Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.  Environment: Java, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, DHTML, NPM, Typescript, DOM, JSON, React.js, Redux, Ext.js, JSP, AJAX, SOAP, XML, XPATH, Adobe Flash, GWT, Photoshop, Karma, PLSQL, Oracle, Windows. UI/ Front End Developer Conduent - Austin, TX February 2017 to November 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in development, design and implementation of front end part of the document upload application.  • Responsible for the overall layout design, color scheme of the web site using HTML5, XHTML and CSS3 and Responsible for creating detailed wire frames and process flows.  • Used RWD (Responsive Web Design) techniques to enhance user's behavior based on screen-size, platform and orientation.  • Used ng2-pdf-viewer from Angular2 npm package to preview the pdf files  • Created many components with Angular2 for each single page application.  • Used Angular2 camelCase syntax for built in directives.  • Used router module from Angular2.0.  • Used Angular2 npm packages like ng2-datepicker, ng2-pdf-viewer, ng2-auto-complete etc., to meet the requirements of the project.  • Used Ajax, JSON with JQuery for request data and response processing.  • Implemented client side Interface using React JS for JavaScript templating, function binding, creating quick indexes.  • Created custom filter in React.JS in the application  • Used services to read data from remote server using React.JS  • Used React.js library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the application.  • Created React.js for reusable components (multi-field form elements, background file uploads.  • Architected and Developed for Large Scale JavaScript Application with React.js  • Internal Team Training Instructor ( React, React Native, Redux); Implemented AES Encryption (256)  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web Application, page navigation and form validation.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, Web Service call and JSON.  • Prototyped the new features and ideas using HTML5 and CSS3 (SASS).  • Developed front end web applications using React JS, LESS, Sass, and other front end libraries and frameworks.  • Developed complex, usable, attractive and cross-browser web interfaces that account for speed, file size, readability and accessibility.  • Worked extensively on applications to work properly on Android devices and all browsers like Safari, Windows IE, Firefox and Chrome. Worked on browser specific issues and supported IE7, IE8 and Firefox.  • Consumed REST based Microservices with Rest template based on RESTful APIs.  • Proficiency in developing based on Models, Views and Controllers (MVC) architecture.  • Was part of 2-week agile sprint cycles with end-of-sprint demos and retrospectives  • Worked in collaboration with Product Manager and visual designer to finalize the design.  • Used Perforce to maintain the Merchant Service Center.  • Used Dreamweaver for designing, coding and development applications.  • Developed a fully functional prototype application using JQuery and Backbone.js and connecting to a REST-ful server on a different domain.  • Involved in finding out the bugs, broken links and missing images etc. and rectifying them.  • Interacted with the analytics team and worked on Address validation and SSN/SIN validation for different locale such as Great Britain, Canada and United States.  • Used JSX to make React.js more elegant attributes.  • Prototyped the new features and ideas using HTML5, CSS3 (SASS) and D3.js.  • Created a single page site to display the status of customer orders using React and Redux.  • Designed and developed User Interface using JSP, CSS, HTML and JavaScript. Used JavaScript DOM manipulation and JavaScript event to generate the data result in UI.  • Used Git and SourceTree to maintain feature, develop and hotfix branches.  • Worked on documenting complex UI layouts and designs in Intuit's wiki.  • Enhanced website by creating new static models pages and presenting it to senior management for attracting the customers and existing users.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3,JavaScript, React JS, JQuery, JSON, Ajax, Bootstrap, Node.js, Agile methodology, Responsive Web Design, React JS, Adobe Dreamweaver, Windows, Perforce, Git, Eclipse Web/UI Developer Progressive Insurance - Mayfield, OH October 2015 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • Involved in Requirements and Analysis Understanding the requirements of the client and the flow of the application as well as the application Framework.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML5, HTML, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap and AJAX.  • Designed dynamic client-side JavaScript codes to build web forms and simulate process for web application, page navigation and form validation.  • Involved in the creation of interface to manage user menu and Bulk update of Attributes using Angular.js, Node.js, Require.js, Ext.js and Jquery.  • Used Flexbox a layout model that allows elements to align and distribute space within a container. Using flexible widths and heights, elements can be aligned to fill a space or distribute space between elements, which makes it a great tool to use for responsive design systems.  • Involved in developing XML, HTML, and JavaScript for client side presentation and, data validation on the client side.  • Used the Node.js and Angular.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Designed and developed User Interface Web Forms using Adobe Flash, CSS, Dreamweaver CS5, and JavaScript.  • Worked with Agile software lifecycle methodologies. Create design documents when and as required. Perform coding, debugging and testing.  • Reviewed and created Development Plan, Test Strategies and other related documents.  • Involved in writing various SQL Queries and stored procedures to satisfy various business requirements of the application.  • Responsible for cross browser compatibility and hence exposure to popular browsers.  • Successfully executed all the test cases and fixed any bugs/issues identified during the test cycles.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, XML, Bootstrap, angular.js, Require.js, Node.js, Ext.js, AJAX, Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver, Agile, Windows. UI Developer Talen Energy - Allentown, PA January 2015 to September 2015 Responsibilities:  • Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle phases like Requirement Analysis, Implementation and estimating the time-lines for the project.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery, XML and XSLT.  • Involved in developing the UI pages using HTML, DHTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, JQuery and Ajax.  • Developed presentation-tier JSP pages in HTML, Implemented JQuery Data Grid control, Validation control and other Widget controls.  • Developed Web forms/user interfaces using Struts MVC, JQuery and JSP.  • Used Ajax Controls, Web forms, JavaScript and HTML for Commission, Payment and Inventory reports.  • Worked on AJAX controls like Update Panel to manage the post back of the web page to server, AJAX Script Manager and Script Manager Proxy controls to register JavaScript and web service files.  • Used JavaScript accordingly for validation purpose, browser detection and controls.  • Developed various AJAX controls and widgets to build a rich User Interface for the application.  • Created Windows services to create automation processing of XML.  • Used Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) to maintain design consistency across all web forms.  • Involved in developing jQuery and AJAX wrapper classes for fast retrieval of data and for animations.  • Created Model objects using Entity Data Model with Entity framework using Hibernate.  • Worked with XPath, XML Node, XML Data documents to synchronize with dataset.  Environment: JavaScript, CSS, HTML, JQuery, XML, XPath, AJAX, MVC, Junit, Oracle, Windows. UI Developer Westfield Bank - Westfield Center, OH October 2013 to December 2014 Responsibilities:  • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework.  • Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  • Created and developed the web-page layout and positioned/developed design elements, using Dreamweaver, HTML and Adobe Photoshop.  • Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  • Refine and iterate user experience by designing and implementing new modules and interfaces in a complex, responsive site.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  • Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Node JS, Gulp, GIT, JIRA, Quality Control UI Developer CMB Holdings September 2012 to September 2013 Responsibilities:  • Involved in designing the user experience interface UI/UX strategy, UI requirements, converting findings into UI designs.  • Worked on the functionality using Angular.js.  • Functionalities include writing code in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and JSP making use of Bootstrap framework. My Specialty is large scale CSS, focusing on reusability and modularity.  • Enhanced an existing AngularJS application to follow strict MVC patterns for improved source code maintenance which resulted in 40% code reduction, ease of upgrade, scalability, ease of developer spin up and enhanced performance.  • Used the Angular.js MVC Frameworks in the development of the web applications.  • Involved in up gradation and maintenance of company's website to the new layout using the Grid orientation model Bootstrap framework.  • Extensively used CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) along with RWD to apply different styles to the layouts for varying screen sizes and pixels.  • Developed web applications using Restful and SOAP protocols.  • Refine and iterate user experience by designing and implementing new modules and interfaces in a complex, responsive site.  • Tested cross browser functionality and fixed major layout bugs for supported browsers.  • Developed the pages that are complaint to W3C and ADA section 508(c) standards.  • Involved in Agile/ SCRUM based approach to UI development.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Gulp, GIT, JIRA, Quality Control UI Developer Value Labs July 2011 to August 2012 Responsibilities:  • Built pages from Photoshop mock-ups using JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, and HTML.  • Experience on working with CSS Background, CSS Layouts, CSS positioning, CSS text, CSS border, CSS margin, CSS padding, CSS table, Pseudo classes, Pseudo elements and CSS behaviors in CSS.  • Developed HTML pages with Accessibility and SEO perspective.  • Developed CSS Sprites using Adobe Photoshop to decrease the number of HTTP requests and load time of web pages.  • Thorough understanding of the differences and bugs in various browsers and browser versions.  • Understanding of application development lifecycle methodologies.  • Knowledge of human factors and usability, best practices for interface design  • Strong communication, analytical and interpersonal skills working within cross-functional teams  • Deep understanding of JavaScript and the JQuery framework  • Involved in developing the UI pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery.  • Followed the Agile and Scrum development methodologies  • Integrated the Java code (API) in JSP Pages.  • Worked on Cross-Browser compatibility and fixed the bugs for several browsers.  • Created cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant CSS-based page layouts.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Chrome, Firefox, Internet explorer 8 and above. Education Bachelor's Skills Microsoft visual studio, Visual studio, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Front-End, Angular, UI, Front End Links http://@Input http://@Input