UI Developer UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> UI Developer Watsonville, CA • User Interface Developer with strong experience of 7+ years in developing, implementing and testing full-scale UI web applications across various platforms.  • Experience in understanding the requirements and develop, implement and test various applications in multiple domains like E-Commerce, Finance, Business 2 Business and Distributed applications.  • Good work experience in developing User Interface applications using web technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, React.JS, Redux, Angular2, Typescript, D3.js, Backbone.js., Underscore.js.  • Experience in requirement gathering, development, testing and production.  • Good understanding of ReactJS, its core principles and React workflows (Redux).  • Experience in developing responsive web design using Bootstrap, flexbox and media queries.  • Experience in creating components using ReactJS and its features like JSX, Virtual DOM.  • Experience in Node.JS for developing services and server-side programming.  • Experience with User Acceptance Testing and Accessibility Testing.  • Experience in AJAX based RESTful calls and implementation of third party API's.  • Good understanding of REST API and database.  • Good knowledge in splunk. Went through splunk trainings.  • Experience in creating the reports and dashboards in splunk and adding interactions with D3 and Javascript.  • Participated in TCM and SDLC releases.  • Designed, optimized Cascading Style Sheets using SASS, LESS, Stylus.  • Experience following W3C standards and validations using JavaScript and jQuery for building web applications along with sound understanding of HTML5 API's.  • Good working knowledge on Git and bitbucket for version control.  • Responsible for checking Cross browser compatibility and SEO/web standards.  • Strong attention to detail and a passion for crafting high quality applications for a wide range of devices and displays. Work Experience UI Developer Morgan Stanley - Watsonville, CA January 2019 to Present Project Description: Project is about detecting and responding to threats against the Firm for Cyber Analytics team at Morgan Stanley and developing dashboards to view the data and notify alerts for the threats.  • Collaborate with client and team leads about the requirements, enhancing the existing applications, adding new features and make effective, timely decisions.  • Develop and maintain production quality dashboards, custom views, saved searches and alerts for Splunk Operations for the client as per the requirements. Create a static data similar to search results  • Develop a dashboard with static data, get it reviewed to the client and take the feedback.  • Create a reusable custom view with D3.js to chart Splunk data.  • Use SimpleSplunkView base class to create basic custom view and add different features.  • Create custom tooltips and animations to show the data.  • Implement alerts for the threshold or the threats.  • Develop responsive charts to fit all kinds of devises like large high-resolution displays and mobile devises.  • Implement scrollbars so that the user can scroll over the chart to view the visualizations.  • Test the developed views for different sizes of data.  • Participate in sprint planning, scrum meetings and code reviews.  • Using BitBucket as code repository and Jira for project tracking.  • Went through splunk trainings.    Tools/Technologies: HTML, CSS, SVG, JavaScript, jQuery, ES6, Underscore.js, Require.js, D3.js (Data Driven Documents), Splunk, BitBucket, Linux, Jira Front End Developer Marriott - Bethesda, MD April 2018 to December 2018 Project Description: Project is about self-check-in application when helps customers to check in by themselves and get the keys to their room.  • Developed UI for different pages in the application.  • Written the code for creating the components in react and redux.  • Used styled components for getting the styles to the pages.  • Written test cases for the components in JEST.  • Published the app in chrome developer site.  • Worked on running the application as kiosk application in admin console.  • Used ES6 features for writing the components in react.  • Manually tested the application as an extension and as a kiosk application on chrome tablet.  • Used SOAP UI for testing the application using the mock data.  • Implemented new functionality on system to meet business requirements.  • Developed the UI using handlebars scripting engine, jQuery, JavaScript, Sass and JSON.  • Manually tested the application in all browsers and written unit test cases in Chai, Mocha.  • Ensured that designs are in compliance with specifications.  • Used npm for managing dependencies.  • Followed the grid layout for responsive design and followed the Marriott coding standards for UI.  • Used GIT for version control and nginx for checking the components in local.  Environment: React, Redux, Styled Components, Jest, SOAP UI, Postman, npm. Handlebars, SASS, JavaScript, webpack, gulp, grunt, JSON, GIT, Node, npm. UI Developer PayPal - Austin, TX September 2017 to March 2018 Project Description: Project deals with how merchants can start a new business, how they can manage a business and grow their business.  • Developed the application using KrakenJS, Express, HTML5, CSS3, LESS, JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJS, jQuery, JSON, Axios, Webpack.  • Developed various sections using ReactJS and Redux library.  • Implemented React container and presentational components.  • Experience in AJAX based RESTful calls and implementation of third party API's.  • Implemented flexbox layout for the responsiveness of the application.  • Developed react components using JSX and ES6 features.  • Manually tested the application in all browsers and all devices and fixed various bugs.  • Worked on form submission and form Live validations.  • Experience with writing code on server side using node js for managing the data.  • Ensured that application is accessible through keyboard focus and voice over.  • Used webpack as a build tool for managing the files in a dependency graph.  • Fixed various bugs related to ADA.  • Followed AGILE development methodology.  • Familiar with components, elements, virtual DOM, databinding in react.  • Worked on managing the dependencies using node.js and npm.  • Worked on Continuous integration through Jenkins and deploying in Altus for giving demos.  Environment: ReactJS, JavaScript, Node.js, HTML5, Dust.js, CSS3, LESS, jQuery, JSON, AJAX, webpack, grunt, NPM, GIT, Jenkins, Rally, Altus, Visual Studio Code. Web Developer Capital One - McLean, VA February 2015 to September 2017 Description: Capital One is one of the fortune 500 companies and it serves financial products and services to consumers. Project deals with online account opening and payments for commercial customers and Commercial customer registration, login pages and user management web pages.  Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements for the e-commerce application, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Involved in web designing using HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and extensively used Table-less Design in CSS for positioning.  • Created popup forms using Bootstrap Models, AngularJS Models and AngularJS Controllers.  • Implemented code per coding standards and Created AngularJS Controller Which Isolate scopes perform operations.  • Client Side code were written in ReactJS/Redux and Server Side Code were developed using MVC4.  • Successfully performed RESTful APIs Integration using XML and JSON.  • Developed various screens for the front end using ReactJS/Redux and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Enhancement of existing application utilizing JSP, Created HTML5 navigation menu that is role based menu items changes dynamically, derived from the database in the form of XML.  • Experience in handling data import from NoSQL solutions like MongoDB to HDFS.  • Designed and documented REST/HTTP APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy.  • Worked with making calls to APIs to fetch the data from the backend as JSON response and parse it on the UI for DOM/CSS Manipulation.  • Developed client-side AJAX application that uses XSLT, XPath, JavaScript, OOP, and more Bind objects and retrieve them via JNDI interface.  • Co-ordinate with QA for testing, Production releases, Application deployment and integration.  • Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support, CSS optimization, and ADA compliance support.  • Increased developer productivity by using efficient programming methodologies and local development.    Environment: CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Dreamweaver CSS, AJAX, JSON, ECLIPSE, MS Office, HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, DHTML, MVC, DOM, JSON, Angular.js, ES6, Node.js, D3.js, Express.js, Backbone.js, React.js, Redux, Require.js, JSP, ASP.NET, C#.NET, AJAX, SOAP, XML, Adobe Flash, GWT, Photoshop, Karma, Mocha, TFS, PLSQL, Oracle, Windows. Front End Developer COX Communications - Atlanta, GA February 2014 to January 2015 Description: COX communications is a broadband communications and entertainment company. In this project, we thrived to develop a typical bill pay application, using this bill pay service the users could pay their bills to the payees registered in the application either by a check or through a payment service.  Responsibilities:  • Involved in all stages of Software Development Life Cycle.  • Worked on building modules for e-commerce transactions for helping the users for paying the bills easily and securely.  • Used AngularJS and Bootstrap for effective design of web pages.  • Developed the front- end part of application, user interactive web pages using web technologies like HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular and Bootstrap.  • Worked on XHTML, CSS and assisted development with integration of User Interface into Java Application.  • Used JavaScript to update a portion of web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Worked on implementing directives and scope values using AngularJS for an existing page.  • Designed animated icons, vector images, banners, templates and presentations with the help of Macromedia Flash MX and Action Script 2.0  • Used JavaScript, Angular JS and XML to update a portion of a web page thus reducing bandwidth usage and load time and add modal dialog in web pages to get user input and requests.  • Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS minification and pure CSS layouts.  • Written application level code to perform client side validations using JQUERY, JavaScript.  • Followed AGILE development methodology.  • Providing support for System Integration Testing & User Acceptance Testing.  • Involved in resolving the issues routed through trouble tickets from production floor.  • Extensively involved in testing user interface of the application using Karma.  • Experienced in cross browser testing and fixed the bugs pertaining to various browsers.  • Worked actively with team members to meet the client requirements.  • Drafted usability evaluation as needed in planning, preparation, and follow up, so that each design iteration was evaluated effectively and at the correct time.    Technologies Used: HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSP, AJAX, JavaScript, JQUERY, AngularJS, Adobe Dreamweaver, Java, JSP, Apache Server, RESTFUL Web Services, Hibernate, Servlets, ANT, JSTL, Linux, GIT, SVN, GRUNT. UI Developer BB&T Raleigh NC - Raleigh, NC August 2013 to February 2014 Description: This project deals with online payments, user management, balance & transaction reporting. This project is responsible for handling Retail Banking and Payment Solutions.  Responsibilities:  • Involved with all stages of Software Development Life Cycle.  • Understanding client business requirements and participating in client meetings for developing user friendly front end customer facing product site using mix of technologies and techniques such as HTML5, CSS3, XHTML and JavaScript.  • Created single page applications(SPA) using AngularJS and involved in binding data to specific view and synchronizing data with server.  • Created custom directives in Angular JS to re-use components such as multi field form elements.  • Created design mock-ups and wire frames using MS PowerPoint, Adobe Photoshop CS4.  • Using advanced level of JQUERY, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS minification and pure CSS layouts.  • Designed graphics, buttons, logos and flash animation for the application.  • Designed responsive web pages using media queries and Twitter Bootstrap.  • Participated in Technical / Functional Reviews  • Wrote application level code to perform client side validation using jQUERY, JavaScript.  • Involved in resolving the issues routed through trouble tickets from production floor  • Providing support for System Integration Testing & User Acceptance Testing.  • Used Jasmine for testing JavaScript.  • Interaction & co-ordination and aiding for testing team as and when required.  • Extensively involved in testing User Interface of the application to improve the performance and provide bug free application.    Technologies Used: HTML5/HTML, CSS3, CSS LESS, SASS, JavaScript, AngularJS, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, Web Services, TOMCAT APACHE, Dreamweaver, Jenkins. Web UI - Frontend Developer Bluware - Houston, TX March 2012 to July 2013 Responsibilities:  • Built and maintained Web pages for the internal applications using HTML, CSS3, Ajax, JSP and jQuery based on the W3C standards and Web 2.0.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, RESTful Web Services using AJAX, JSON.  • Defined new validations through jQuery for the form field validation implemented through HTML5.  • Built highly modular HTML5 front end that built on jQuery optimizing for rendering performance.  • Implemented modules into Node.js to integrate with designs and requirements.  • Experienced in using Jira and other Atlassian tools for project management and version management.  • Used Fire bug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions.  • Extensively used JavaScript, jQuery to provide UI functionality Created pages for Login using single sign on, main page containing favorites and page for continuous integration configuration.  • Extensive experience in visualization, creating visual designs, product logos, developing high quality of work, maintaining team, and design reviews, handling whole project through its life cycle.  • Designed and developed custom jQuery components for the front- end client side validations.  • Managed and implemented all code changes via SVN. Deploying builds across development, staging and production instances and maintaining code integrity.    Environment: JavaScript, jQuery, Java, Node.js, Jira, HTML, CSS3, AJAX, DOM, Tomcat, Rally, REST API, Eclipse. Education Master's in computer science in computer science Missouri State University Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science in Computer Science Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Skills Git, JAVASCRIPT, D3.JS, NODE.JS, REDUX Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  UI/Web Technologies HTML5, CSS3  Scripting languages JavaScript, jQuery, React.js, Redux, Node.js, Angular2/4, ES6, Typescript, D3.js  Programming Languages Java, J2EE  CSS Preprocessors SASS, LESS  Operating Systems Windows, Mac, UNIX  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall  Version Control GIT, Bitbucket