Front End Software Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> Software <span class="hl">Developer</span> Software Developer - Wabtec Corporation Palm Bay, FL Results-driven Software Engineer with 7+ years of experience in both Front End and Back End  development, as well as a strong background in all levels of testing, including performance, functional,  integration, system, regression and user acceptance testing. Seeking an opportunity to work in a fun and  challenging work environment that will encourage me to improve and learn new skills, while also  improving productivity and driving business outcomes. Work Experience Front End Software Developer Wabtec Corporation - Melbourne, FL 2019 to Present • Design, develop, integrate and test software components for a Train Dispatch system.  • Front End: Java FX, Java Swing Back End: C++, Oracle DB Back End Software Engineer Harris Corporation - Melbourne, FL 2015 to 2019 Developed XML and Netcdf weather data decoders and persisted data in a way that  can be retrieved by Geoserver.  • Designed and implemented a subscription service for weather data using OASIS WSN  standards.  • Developed a suite of Python scripts to collect performance metrics including latency of products ingested, CPU, memory used, java heap utilization, etc. used to determine  bottlenecks, uncover performance spikes, and find opportunities for optimizations.  • Optimized MySQL queries for data insertion/deletion that lead to a 40% overall  decrease in latency for xml data.  • Designed and implemented a Project Manager UI to organize resources and store  them in a Windows-like folder system that used Adjacency Lists to insert/retrieve folder  structure. System Integration and Test Engineer Harris Corporation - Melbourne, FL 2012 to 2015 Created and executed automated test procedures, cases, and scripts to identify  software problems and uncover their cause.  • Created test framework using Sikuli to automate, allowing for the continuous run of tests overnight to reduce time, effort, and cost.  • Designed and implemented Test Results Dashboard using Java FX to determine  current test status of over a hundred tests.  • Created a JavaFX UI to graph performance metrics (CPU, memory, and latency) of several applications with a timeline filter to identify variances after every build. Education BS in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering University of Puerto Rico - Mayagüez, PR 2006 to 2012 Skills Java, Json, Python, Xml, Sql, Mvc, Rest services, Sikuli, Jira, Rally, Selenium, Linux, Unix, Rest, Css, Optimization Additional Information Skill Highlights  • Agile/Scrum methodology • HMTL, CSS  • Java, Python, SQL • REST services  • JSON, XML • Performance and scalability optimization  • MVC • Jira, Rally, Confluence, Crucible  • Unix and Linux • Automation Tools - Selenium, Sikuli