Java Front End /ReactJS/Web Developer Java <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">End</span> /ReactJS/Web <span class="hl">Developer</span> Java Front End /ReactJS/Web Developer - JP Morgan Chase Inc Columbus, OH • Passionate web developer with over 7+ years of professional experience as a Front- end UI/Web developer, debugging and testing of different modules of an application.  • Professional experience in Application Software Design, Object Oriented Design, Development, Analysis, Documentation, Debugging, Testing and Implementation of User Interface (UI) web applications.  • Experience in the Web Applications Development using HTML 4.01/5, CSS (2/3), XHTML, XML, JavaScript, Angular .Js, JQuery, Bootstrap, and Node. Js, React. Js, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Experience in developing modern web applications using Angular2, Node.js, React.js, Express.js and Mongo DB.  • Experienced in React JS and working with Redux architecture.  • Working with ECMA Script 6 features. Used Babel, web pack with es2015, react JSX presets.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  Implemented client side Interface using React JS.  • Developed various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Developed Single page applications (SPA) using Angular.JS 2.0, HTML5, CSS3, BootStrap3 for websites requiring data-rich and instant feedback on interaction.  • Experience with creating prototypes/wireframes of websites from PSD images and working with CSS pre-processors LESS and SASS.  • Experience with Angular2 & ES6 Features.  • Experience in development and implementation of Restful Web APIs, and exposes endpoints using HTTP verbs like GET, PUT, POST and DELETE  • Created RESTful APIs in Java environment using JAX-RS and Node.JS using Express.JSframework.  • Experience in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including requirement gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, Implementation and Maintenance support in various computing environment.  • Experience in designing database using PL/SQL to write Triggers, Stored Procedures and expert in writing queries using Oracle, SQL Server and MySQL.  • Good and extensive experience in Web designing technologies like HTML5, XHTML, JavaScript, CSS3, Angular. Js, jQuery, Ajax and JSON.  • Experience on working with CSS Backgrounds, CSS Layouts, CSS Positioning, CSS Animations, CSS Text, CSS Borders, CSS Margin, CSS Padding, CSS Table and Pseudo Classes.  • Experience in using AngularJS/AngularJS 2, ExtJS, React.JS, Node.JS, BackboneJS, knockoutJS Twitter Bootstrap and Underscores.  • Responsible for React UI and architecture. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • Used React-autocomplete for creating Google maps location search on the webpage.  • Extensive experience on modern JavaScript frameworks Node.js, React.js, JQuery, AngularJS etc.  • Using Angular 2 JS factory and services for dependency injection. Developed reusable components using Custom Directives in AngularJS.  • Extensive experience in jQuery, jQuery plugins, AJAX, dynamic HTML, JSON, AngularJS with Bootstrap.  • Proficient in making AJAX calls using JQuery and usage of JSON for faster and impulsive responses. Proficient  • Knowledge of developing SPA web UI using typescript 1.8 and JQuery and also expertise in developing, maintaining and debugging Rails framework.  • Experience with Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC), Model-view-view-model (MVVM), design pattern and Test Driven Development (TDD).  • Experienced in implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) with XML based Web Services (SOAP/UDDI/WSDL) using Top down Approach and Bottom up Approach.  • Hands on experience using Firebug for Mozilla, Developer Toolbar for Chrome and IE Developer Toolbar for Internet Explorer.  • Experience in Cross browser compatibility testing, cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.  • Experience in configuration management systems like SVN and GIT-HUB and experience in both Waterfall & Agile development methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Java Front End /ReactJS/Web Developer JP Morgan Chase Inc - Columbus, OH February 2017 to Present A leading global financial services firm and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with operations worldwide.    Responsibilities:  • An implementation of Client/Server, and Three Tier Architecture based applications using SpringMVC5, JSP, JDBC, Servlets, EJB, ExtJS, XML, and Web Services with Object Oriented (OOPs) Concepts with J2EE compliance.  • Handled client-web server data consuming by RESTful Web Services in Spring MVC and producing JSON/XML in AJAX and EXTJS5..  • Developed single page web application using JavaScript framework Angular JS.  • Applied standard JAVA/J2EE Design Patterns (MVC, Singleton, Session Façade, DAO, Intercepting Filter, Service Locator, and Factory Method Pattern, Command Object)  • Created Typescript reusable components and services to consume REST API's using Component based  architecture provided by Angular 2.  • Extensively used JQUERY, JSON, AJAX and DOM scripting to create interactive web applications like message posting and autocomplete form validations.  • CRUDed data to backend using SimpleJDBCTemplate and backend RDBMS - Oracle  • Made the Node.js EXPRESS Server consolidated with Socket.io to construct MVC framework from front- end side AngularJS to back- end Mongo DB, so as to give broadcast service as well as chatting service.  • Improved loading time of tree hierarchy page by implementing the lazy loading approach. Implemented this by data on demand approach where data or resources are made available only to the user as needed. This approach helped in eliminating the need to load nodes that are not required. Used Web Developer tools, Firebug and IE developer toolbar for debugging and to check the browser compatibility and also Responsible in implementing CRUD operation using grid with JSON restful services.  • Speeded up grid response time of pages by optimizing rendering algorithm and eliminating extra layouts called by the framework for seamless data rendering.  • Familiar with concepts of Directives, Data-Binding and Dependency Injection in Angular JS.  • Created custom Angular JS filters to provide better search experience, Implemented Angular JS client-side validation forms using various controls and filters.  • Implemented latest HTML5 and CSS3 features like creating various effects, shading, 2D 3D animation, Shapes, Handling multimedia files and many others.  • Build responsive application using AngularJS, NodeJs Application compatible with mobile devices and different web platforms and browser. Consumed different plugins and angular modules and providers.  • Successfully supported and maintained an existing Struts project with Jquery and DHTMLX.Rectified IE11 downward compatibility issues.  • Developed the functionality for communicating between the modules mostly involved in VIEW and CONTOLLER section of MVC pattern for CMS project, it includes HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI and AJAX which were used for UI development.  • Assumed the responsibility of a Software Developer, Quality Assurance Engineer, User Interface Engineer, Logic Designer and Deployment Engineer.  • Handling cross browser/platform compatibility issues on all major browsers like IE, Firefox and Chrome.  • Validated the Https request and response of the REST API using Postman which are generated by the node.js and express.js  • Exam was awarded an "Excellence Award" voted by clients and application users.  • Worked on Karma and Jasmine for unit test cases and used protractor for end to end test cases.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Redux, Angular.js, Angular Js 2, Angular-Resource, Angular-Route, Node.js, SASS, Mongo DB, Bootstrap3, AJAX, DHTML, JSON, Apache Tomcat, Web storm, JQuery, MVC, Karma, Bootstrap, Agile, SASS, GitHub, Firebug, REST Web Services, MYSQL Server, Grunt, Jasmine, strong loop, crypto.js, AWS, PUPPET, Chef, Docker, SEO, Passport.js, Mongoose, Body-parser, Eclipse. Java Front End /Web Developer Emprise Bank - Wichita, KS September 2015 to December 2016 Responsibilities:  • Involved in gathering requirements, design, and development of the components and worked in Agile and Scrum development environments.  • Involved in designing web pages using HTML 5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular.js, Redux, React-Bootstrap, Node.js, express.js, SASS, Mongo DB, Bootstrap3, and Underscore.js.  • Utilized AngularJS route for creating SPA (Single Page Application), implemented Model-View Controller  • Setting up Angular JS framework for UI development and developed HTML views with HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JSON,  • Built different modules, controllers, templates, custom filters and directives in Angular JS.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX, JSON and Angular resources.  • Designed and Developed Nested Views and UI-Views using AngularJS UI Routing, Each View had reusable  Angular Directives.  • Involved in development of HTML, prototypes and UI deliverables such as wireframes, flowcharts, screen mock-ups and interface design specifications.  • Used Express Framework to set up middleware to respond to the HTTP requests with the help of Node .JS.  • Developed Bootstrap responsive web application pages using Angular.JS services, controllers and directives for front end UI and consumed RESTful web service API.  • Designed and Developed User Interactive (UI) of Web pages with the help of HTML4, HTML, CSS3, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, JQuery UI, Bootstrap and AJAX.  • Worked on Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage the modules and used it to install useful tools such as Grunt, Express, underscore.js, require.js, crypto.js, passport.js, and mongoose.  • Implemented Angular UI router and replaced ng-route internal angular module and also solid understanding of React Virtual DOM Algorithm, for React performance optimization.  • Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpilers, etc. based on build target.  • Used Web storm as the development tool and Source tree as the Git version control tool.  • Implemented Bower to install required JavaScript libraries and also worked with Node.js to give a structure with rich API over a RESTful JSON interface.  • Developed few backend REST API modules Login, Profile, User manager for admin portal using Nodejs based on SOA architecture.  • Backend experience using Strong loop to provide applications with RESTful APIs and also used GIT-HUB for code management.  • Leveraged angular resources for all data access, encapsulating URLs and standardizing data access interfaces.  • Maximized page load by analyzing content and making adjustments to the code.  • Worked closely with business users and developers of team to resolve issues.  Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, React.js, Redux, Angular.js, Angular-UI, Angular-Resource, Angular-Route, React-Bootstrap, Node.js, Express.js, SASS, Bootstrap3, Underscore.js, AJAX, DHTML, JSON, Apache Tomcat, Web storm, JQuery, MVC, Karma, Bootstrap, Agile, SASS, Bower, Web pack, GitHub, Firebug, REST Web Services, MYSQL Server, Grunt, require.js, Jasmine, strong loop, crypto.js, AWS, PUPPET, Chef, Docker, SEO, Passport.js, Mongoose, Body-parser, Eclipse. Java Front End /UI Developer Squaremouth - Tampa, FL April 2014 to August 2015 Responsibilities:  • Responsible for developing the UI pages using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AngularJS, JSON, jQuery, AJAX.  • Developed web presentation layer using HTML and CSS according to internal standards and guidelines  • Designed Frontend with in object oriented JavaScript Framework like ReactJS.  • Involved in creating a reusable component using React JS for DOM manipulation  • Closely worked with Application using React.JS and Node.js libraries NPM, gulp directories to generate desired view and flux to root the URL's properly.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux libraries.  Involved in using React.js components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Experience in DOM, React Props, Lifecycle methods, working with React States and Events.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application  • As a developer involved in design and developing website using PHP, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, HTML5, AJAX and MySQL  • The front- end use HTML5, CSS3, ReactJS, jQuery and Bootstrap to build a single page web app that communicate with back- end via RESTful API  • Wrote CSS and JavaScript for browser compatibility. Re-skinned and created new theme for some of the forms using CSS and dynamic JavaScript.  • Used Bootstrap JavaScript plug-ins to implement Tabs, Scroll Spy, Tooltips, Pop Overs, Buttons and Alerts.  • Implement different modules in React JS.  Developed the UI component architecture for Developer framework using React JS.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering-using components, which contain additional components, called custom HTML tags.  • Also, developed Web API using Node JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Created dynamic forms for displaying the data in the React DOM according the information from backend.  • Used Babel for transpiling React code in ES6 to ES5, which is supported by most browsers.  • Used spatial navigation in React for navigating between the screens using remote buttons in implementing OTT using the fire stick.  • Developed various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Used AJAX with JQuery controls for Listing all scripts in a grid and making them editable it in the grid which will reflect in the database table as well (like margins).  • Designed XML schemas and parsers for scalable XML documents used with Web Services and real-time reporting.  • Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE.  • Utilized various JavaScript and jQuery libraries, AJAX for form validation and other interactive features.  • Used Angular JS (Single Page Application) for adding Routing, and Pagination Concepts.  • Using AJAX calls to get data from the backend and display data on multiple types like pie chart, bar chart and so on dynamically by using graph library like D3.js.  • Used JavaScript, jQuery, and Ajax for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Implemented the design to meet web standards (W3C) and SEO and worked on various browsers (IE 6/7, Firefox 3.0/3.5.7, Chrome, Safari and Opera) for cross-browser implementation. Thorough understanding of application development life cycle methodologies.  • Projects included design and coding of the corporate website built in XHTML, DHTML, CSS and Flash.  • Experience working with Docker containers, running/managing containers, container snapshots and managing images.  • Backend experience using Strong loop to provide applications with RESTful APIs and also used GIT-HUB for code management.  • Worked closely with business system analysts & Backend team to understand the requirements to ensure that right set of UI modules been built.  • Worked on Karma and Jasmine for unit test cases and used protractor for end to end test cases.  • Worked in Agile environment, attended daily scrum meeting to updating work status.  • Participated in sprint planning, estimating the work and delivered in time.  Environment: HTML5, XHTML, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, Jasmine, MySQL, PHP, AJAX ,XML, React Js. Jasmine, Mocha.js, Jenkins, Sass, Grunt.js, SEO, ES-5, Jira, Git-hub, React-Bootstrap, MVC, Agile, SASS, Eclipse, Webstorm, Brackets UI Developer Vector - East Greenwich, RI February 2013 to March 2014 Vector is a company located at RI which primarily focuses on developing software applications and embedded software testing for many clients all around the world. They provide open interfaces for the development of applications. Worked on developing the web interfaces related to embedded software applications and involved in creating the portal for customer interactions to provide test solutions for their software.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in all the phases of SDLC including Requirements Gathering, Design & Analysis of the Customer Specifications, Development and Customization of the Application.  • Design and development of Web pages using HTML, CSS including XML.  • Gathered and analyzed the requirements and converted them into User Requirement Specifications and Functional Requirement Specifications for the designers and developers to understand them as per their perspective.  • Created user-friendly GUI interface and Web pages using web development technologies like HTML, DHTML, CSS and JSP.  • Created HTML, CSS, JavaScript, DHTML pages for Presentation Layer.  • Developed the User Interactive web pages in a professional manner with using web technologies like HTML, XHTML, and CSS as per company's standards.  • Developed various objects using java and HTML and DHTML to maintain well-structured GUI and to interact with Controllers to get data from Oracle database.  • Developed CSS style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and icons. Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.  • JSF Framework used for UI pages and Faces Servlet acts as Front Controller.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, screen mock-ups, and interface design.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Involved in JavaScript coding for validations, and passing attributes from one screen to another.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using, AJAX, JSON and XML.  • Utilized various JQUERY plugins to build Rich Internet Application (RIA) to make it look more intuitive.  • Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and hence worked on different browsers like safari, Internet explorer, Firefox and Google chrome.  Environment: HTML, CSS 2/3, JQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Responsive Design, PHP, Bootstrap, Angular JS Dom, XML, MVC, SVN Firebug, DHTML, Adobe, Oracle, Windows. Web Developer Taproot Foundation - Oakland, CA June 2011 to December 2012 As a Web developer for this nonprofit organization, I was responsible for maintaining and adding new features to a monolith web application which facilitates the delivery of Taproot's programs and provides intake for volunteer consultants and nonprofit organizations. Through the web application, volunteers from various professional fields are matched with nonprofits who have a specific need.    Responsibilities:  • Dynamic web site design and programming using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery.  • Involved in Analysis, design and coding in J2EE Environment.  • Gathered and designed user cases for UI requirements. Prototyped UI designs using: Visio, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator, Flash, PowerPoint, and Visual Interdev. Hand coded prototyped UI designs using Home Site.  • Designed and developed User friendly web based interfaces using JSP, HTML, XHTML, CSS, JavaScript and Custom Tags.  • Developed UX design patterns (interaction patterns, navigational patterns) and used jQuery and AJAX for service calls on pages to interact with the server for information.  • Debugged the application using Firebug to traverse the documents and manipulated the Nodes using DOM and DOM Functions using Firefox and IE Developer Tool bar for IE and was responsible for website development and deployment on Apache Tomcat.  • Implemented and designed user interface for web based customer application.  • Successfully implemented Auto Complete/Auto Suggest functionality using Ajax, JQuery, DHTML, Web Service call and JSON.  • Worked on GIT for source code management and also fixed bugs and provided support services for the application using Jasmine.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, screen mock-ups, and interface design.  • Created Master Pages, CSS Styles Sheets and Integrated to Silver light and got approval from Business Stake holders.  • Written Ajax driven JSON consuming JavaScript functions to save User selections such as radio button, drop-down menu selections into a cookie.  • Implemented user interface guidelines and standards throughout the development and maintenance of the website using DHTML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and JQuery.  • Used JSF framework in developing user interfaces using JSF UI Components, Validator, Events and Listeners.  Environment: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, JSTL, XML, XHTML, Eclipse, Adobe Dreamweaver CS5, SVN, Adobe Photoshop CS5 and MS Office. Jr.Web Developer Betterweather Llc - Denver, CO May 2010 to May 2011 Responsibilities:  • Involved in extensive HTML and CSS coding.  • Worked closely with UI Architects, System Analyst and designers to understand the requirements.  • Developed web forms using HTML for the application.  • Designed the front- end applications, user interactive UI web pages using web technologies like HTML and CSS.  • Developed data insertion forms and validated them using JavaScript.  • Developed Page layouts, Navigation and presented designs and concepts to the clients and the management to review.  • Involved in writing SQL Queries, Stored Procedures.  • Developed profile page options with JQuery, AJAX.  • Designed profile option bar with CSS, JQuery and HTML.  • Developing complex user interfaces involving HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  • Expertise with CSS Selectors, classes, ids, pseudo classes and Inheritance concepts.  • Implemented various Validation Controls for client-side validation and implemented custom validation controls with JQUERY and JavaScript.  • Created basic animation for jQuery and rich interface components such as tabs & accordion.  • Actively participated in day-to-day meeting, status meeting, strong reporting and effective communication with project manager.  Environment: HTML, CSS, Java Script, JQuery, JSP, Photoshop, Java, MYSQL, XML Education Bachelor's Skills JAVASCRIPT (7 years), JSON (6 years), XML (6 years), jQuery (7 years), AJAX (7 years), UI, Angular, Front-End, React, Front End Additional Information Technical Skills    Web Technologies HTML/HTML5, CSS3,Bootstrap3,JavaScript, AJAX, JSON  JavaScript Libraries JQuery, Angular.js, Angular. Js (v.2), TypeScript, Backbone.js, Require.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, React. Js  Database Oracle 9i/10g/11g, PL/SQL, MySQL.  Web Services: XML, SOAP, RESTful.  Unit Test Framework Jasmine, Karma, Chai, Mocha, Protractor  Operating System: Windows 98/NT/XP/2000, Linux, Mac OS X  Methodologies Agile, Scrum, 41Waterfall  Version Control GIT, CVS, SVN, TFS.  IDEs worked on:  Notepad++,Eclipse, Visual Studio, Adobe Dreamweaver, Junit, Sublime Text2, Text Mate, Microsoft Publisher, WebStorm, Brackets    Web/Application Servers Apache, Tomcat, Glassfish, IBM Web Sphere, JBuilder.  Debugging Tools Firebug, Chrome Developer Tools, POSTMAN, IE Developer Toolbar.  Browsers Firefox, Chrome, IE, Opera, Safari