Sr. UI Developer Sr. UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Sr. UI Developer - US BANK Minneapolis, MN • Around 7+ years of Front- end Web Application Development experience with technologies using HTML 4.0/5, XHTML, DHTML, CSS2/CSS3, DOM, JAVASCRIPT, jQuery, AngularJS, Angular 2/4, AJAX, JSON, React JS, Node.js, D3.js, XML, ES 5 & ES 6.  • Professional experience in Applications design, Development, Integration, Testing and Maintenance of various client/server, N-tier and web application and its design, using various UI- TECHNOLOGIES.  • Expertise in using various front- end frame works like AngularJS, Backbone.js, knockout.js, Node.js, Ember.js, React.js, Express.js, D3.js.  • Good Knowledge on Angular 5/6, React Native.  • Expertise in developing Responsive Web Design, Grid Framework Applications using Twitter Bootstrap.  • Experienced implementing Web Services using Apache a, WSDL, REST API.  • Familiar with creating Custom Reusable React Components Library.  • Experience in Development and Documentation throughout the entire SDLC.  • Expertise in using XML/JSON and AJAX to link with back- end applications.  • Followed Waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodology of software development which satisfies the Customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.  • Expertise in styling the documents using CSS, SASS, LESS.  • Experience with SVG and HTML 5 canvas.  • Knowledge in working with applications using Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JSF.  • Experience in Version Control tools like Git and SVN for Source Code version management and merging Source code after intermittent Project releases.  • Experience in writing unit tests using Jasmine, Karma.  • Good knowledge in NoSQL database, MongoDB.  • Worked with task runners like Grunt, Gulp.  • Proficient in Object Oriented Design/Development (OOD), Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD), Model View Control (MVC) design pattern and Test-Driven Development (TDD).  • Experience in Jenkins and Maven. Work Experience Sr. UI Developer US BANK - Minneapolis, MN April 2018 to Present The project ICCE (Integrated Commercial Card Experience) was about EAP, Electronics Account Payable and T&E, Travel and Expenses. EAP allows customers to store their payment information and also allows the customers to make their payment in an easier way. Travel and Expenses project allows the customer to make a track of their expenses and provides the report of their expenses.    Responsibilities:  • Created various web page layouts using HTML and CSS, Bootstrap with focus on user experience and compliance to standards.  • Worked in a team, involved in developing the UI, layout and front- end programming (HTML) for a web application that matches requirements.  • Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as requirements gathering, modeling, analysis, design and development.  • Extensively used all the new HTML5 features like local storage, new input attributes, Canvas and SVG Worked with the SASS/SCSS pre-processor to simplify writing the CSS stylings Converted JavaScript classes to TypeScript classes.  • Good Experience in React.js for creating interactive UI's using One-way data flow, Virtual DOM, JSX, React Native concepts.  • Involved in using React.JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Involved in building stable React.JS components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Develop various screens for the front end using React JS and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and Redux library.  • Incorporated Google and D3 visualization tools to dynamically populate charts and tables.  • Performed various Validation Controls for form validation and implemented custom validation controls with JavaScript and with AngularJS 5 using custom directives.  • Worked with all the Angular 5 modules that are not part of the standard release like ui-route, angular-paginate etc.  • Used Babel an ECMAScript 6 to ECMAScript 5 compiler which allows using ES6 features in project and then compiles ES5 to use in production.  • Used Babel, web pack with ES2015, and react JSX presets.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Used twitter Bootstrap for creating responsive web design for varying screen sizes and devices.  • Implemented Angular Router to enable navigation from one view to the next as customer completes application form steps.  • Provided production level code to the engineering team for product development, including cross-browser support, and CSS optimization.  • Built PHP applications to meet product requirements and satisfy use cases using MVC architecture.  • Used Ng-Model to create two-way data bindings for reading and writing input-control values.  • Created custom, self-contained, reusable, and testable Angular modules, components and services to implement key functionalities.  • Used AJAX and JSON to make asynchronous calls to the project server to fetch data on the fly.  • Created various angular components, services, dependency Injection, forms and used angular life cycle hooks to tune the behavior of the components.  • Fetched data from mongo DB using Mongoose of Node.js.  • Implemented a Node.js server to manage authentication.  • Followed agile methodologies throughout the development.  • Used Gulp task runner for development.  • Experience in Creating and Consuming Restful Services using Node JS and Express Framework.  • Involved in deploying applications in AWS environment using Jenkins, Dockers, Nginx and Git.  • Monitoring the offshore work and providing technical help to the offshore team for their JIRA tickets.  • Called the Restful web service calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Sass/Less, JavaScript, ES6, Typescript, Bootstrap, XHTML, jQuery, JSON, Ajax, React JS/Redux, Angular 5, Dreamweaver, GIT, AWS, Jenkins, Dockers, Nginx, Gulp, Windows, Restful API, JIRA, Node.js Jasmine and Karma, Agile methodology Sr. UI developer Office Depot - Boca Raton, FL September 2017 to April 2018 Office Depot has two main websites. One is BSD for business customers and the other is WWW for regular customers. Worked for different projects at Office Depot like Business Select 2.0, Smart Enrollment, Employee Referral program.Business Select 2.0is a project where the customers can enjoy cost benefits, free delivery if they pay $99/year where they get almost same amount of credit back in the form of Depot dollars. Worked with ECMAScript 6, SCSS, Web pack, Node JS, Gulp for this project.Smart Enrollmentis the project where the users are asked to enroll into the rewards program of Office depot. Worked with React JS, Redux, SCSS, Web pack, Node JS for this project.    Responsibilities:  • Design, develop and test HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript,EcmaScript, jQuery and React.JS that meets accessibility and web browser standards for website.  • Designed CSS templates for use in all pages on the website working with CSS Background, positioning, text, border, margin, padding, and table.  • Applied optimization techniques to reduce page size and load times to enhance user experience using sprites.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented react JS code to handle cross browser compatibility issues in Mozilla, IE 7, 8, 9, Safari and FF.  • Used React-Router to turn application into Single Page Application.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations and Flux concept.  • Used Web services (SOAP and RESTful) for transmission of large blocks of XML/JSON.  • Worked on responsive design and developed a single ISOMORPHIC responsive website that could be served to desktop, Tablets and mobile users using React.js.  • Maintained states in the stores and dispatched the actions using redux.  • Implemented the Drag and Drop functionality using React-Draggable.  • Used React-Autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage Added Excel-Builder to download the Tabular data in Excel format using react.  • Used Excel Builder 3rd Party open source library and tweak it to make sure it will work with IE11.  • Used flickity.js for creating carousel-images.  • Component for UX-Library consisted of Button, Checkbox, Input, Icons, Toggle Button, Dropdown, Multi-Level Dropdown and many more.  • In Phase Two, worked closely with the Back- End team to display data using the Custom Components, library Components, and Redux.  • Used Middleware, Redux-Promise in application to retrieve data from Back- End and to also perform RESTFUL services.  • Added Dynamic Functionality by creating and dispatching Action Creators that deployed Actions.  • Created and used Reducers that received said Actions to modify the Store State Tree.  • Optimized animation logic with optimistic functions to increase performance in rendering.  • Worked with backend engineers to optimize existing API calls to create efficiencies by deprecating unneeded API calls.  • Called the Restful web services calls for POST, PUT, DELETE and GET methods.  • Have worked on AWS for fetch the pictures files from AWS to UI.  • Used React flux to polish the data and for single directional flow.  • Used Object Oriented Programming concepts to develop UI components that could be reused across the Web Application.  • For building the applications used Gulp and for bundling used Web pack.  • Extensively used Git for version controlling and regularly pushed the code to GitHub.  • Used JIRA as the bug tracking system to track and maintain the history of bugs/issues on everyday basis.  • Updated an internal application with new features of Angular 4.  • Worked on some of the new features of Angular 4 like new if else syntax, ng-templates, and form validators.  • Worked with Jest, Enzyme unit test framework to write unit tests for JavaScript code.  • Extensively used debugging tools such as Firebug and IE Dev tools to investigate the issues and fix the bugs.  • Monitoring the offshore work and providing technical help to the offshore team for their JIRA tickets.  • Interacted with Testing Team, Scrum Masters and Business Analysts for fixing of Issues.  • Performed the System Testing, Regression Testing for Complete UI after fixing the Issues which are reported by Testing Team.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, SASS, JavaScript, ES 6, Bootstrap, Ajax, React JS, Redux, Flex, Angular 4, XML, Web pack, Gulp, JSON, Github, Restful API, AWS, JIRA, Jest, Enzyme, IntelliJ and Web Strom. Angular Developer Bluestem Brands, Inc - Eden Prairie, MN August 2016 to September 2017 Bluestem Brands, Inc., is the parent company to 13 dynamic eCommerce retail brands. This also provides support for maintenance of web applications. The old Customer Service Website is being replaced with a modern, attractive, SOA-oriented site. It has various parts of the functionality to communicate with the backend system through web services.    Responsibilities:  • Developed the web application using Angular 2 along with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Node.js, Bootstrap and other web technologies.  • Implemented observables to get a pattern of dealing with data by using array-like operations to parse, modify and maintain data in Angular 2.  • Used Node Package Manager (NPM) to manage or install Gulp, Express, Underscore.js, mongoose.  • Worked with CSS3 and bootstrap to create Responsive web designs for multiple departments/pages.  • Created custom directives in Angular 2 for DOM manipulation and services for common functionalities shared by different controllers.  • Developed HTML prototypes and UI deliverables, such as wireframes, screen mock-ups, and interface design.  • Created custom directives in Angular 2 for reusable components.  • Involved in developing applications using Angular 2 - Bootstrap like Grids, Toolbars, Panels, Combo-Box and Button etc. Used filters while coding in Angular 2.  • Familiarity on developing multiple POCs to create an interface between Backend to Frontend by using MongoDB, Express JS, Angular 2 and Node.js.  • Created custom Angular JS filters to provide better search experience, Implemented Angular JS client-side validation forms using various controls and filters.  • Implemented Module in Angular 2 to group components, directives, pipes and services that are related.  • Built Web pages that are more user-interactive using ES6 (ECMA 6), Typescript and Angular2. Used Angular2 for building rich internet applications and to improve the Speed.  • Extensive use of jQuery Events for manipulation of events and jQuery plugins for menus and widgets.  • Developed Bootstrap responsive web application pages using Angular 2.0 services, components and directives for front end UI and consuming the Rest web service API and made use of CRUD Services for effective use of Web services.  • Developed REST services using Node-JS, Express-JS, Body-Parser, Mongoose, Underscore-JS and other node modules to serve the web application with JSON data.  • Used Angular 2 ngIf and ngFor directives used for validations for the input fields of the forms with the data existed in the database.  • Used SASS for creating CSS frameworks store things like colors, font stacks, or any CSS value and dynamically converting these SASS files into CSS files.  • Extensively used promises (Success and Error) while making sync communication. Wrote services with Angular 2 to store and retrieve user data from the Mongo DB for the application on devices with the Http service.  • Familiarity on Mongoose API in order to access the Mongo DB from Node JS and used Angular CLI and for scaffolding the Angular 2 Application.  • Used Continuous delivery / Continuous Integration (CD/CI) tools Docker, Jenkins to deploy this application to AWS and used GIT for Version Control.  • Used Mocha (a JavaScript test framework) to write the tests at server side and used Jasmine on the client side.    Environment: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular-2.0, Node-JS, Express-JS, JSON, MongoDB, Mongoose, Angular-CLI, REST web service, Mocha, Jasmine, SASS, Gulp, Agile, GIT, AWS. UI Developer/Designer Community Bank N.A June 2015 to August 2016 Community Bank, N.A. (CBNA), is a commercial bank serving customers in Upstate New York.  This project involves in business online banking lets you check balances, transfer funds, see images of cancelled checks, view previous checking and finally to set your own security levels. Managed the website applications and designing GUI screens using UI technologies.    Responsibilities:  • Successfully developed a web application by using ASP.NET MVC4, Web API with AngularJS in the environment by using Visual Studio.  • Developed Single Page Applications using Angular JS route providers and used Angular expressions and built-in directives to render functionality to the UI.  • Participated in requirement gathering meetings with the stakeholders for layout and color scheme development to enhance the website and implement them using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript.  • Developed Bootstrap responsive web application pages using Angular.JS services, controllers and directives for front end UI and consumed REST web service API.  • Developed Web API's for backend data communication.  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using Angular.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager).  • Experienced in using various Angular bootstrap directives like modal, popover, tooltip collapse etc.  • Developed Web Services for data transfer from client to server and vice versa using REST API, JSON API.  • Created sites to organize client contracts and to summarize monthly financial data using Ember.js, D3.js and MySQL.  • Built data visualizations to monitor file server load, Web server speed, Data Processing using D3.js and jQuery.  • Developed a modern web workflow using Grunt as a part of my project.  • Used Tools like Jenkins, Git bash. Front End Developer MassMutual Financial Group - Springfield, MA October 2014 to May 2015 MassMutual provides financial products such as life insurance, disability income insurance, long term care insurance, retirement plan services, and annuities. Project was to create Personal Banking Application Using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and AngularJS using agile Methodology.    Responsibilities:  • Committed to the web UI designing/web development activities and produced navigation flows, site maps, storyboards and wireframes.  • Management of a Portal application with the use of AngularJS and backbone.js  • Implemented unit test cases using Karma Runner and Jasmine for Angular js on client side and Chai for Node.js for testing endpoints.  • Developed application by implementing the web application template using AngularJS Route Providers.  • Knowledge on use of Node.js, Express js and Mongo DB along with Mongoose.JS to create server-side applications.  • Constructed and designed web pages and templates, including layout and navigation for the complete web application using HTML, HTML5, XML, and XSLT.  • Developed web user interfaces and Graphical User Interfaces utilizing JavaScript, Ajax etc to provide real time control in a separate program.  • Fabricated stylesheets to manage the look-and-feel of the complete site using CSS3, bootstrap, XML, and XSL.  • Worked with jQuery Widgets, Interactions, Effects, Widget factory.  • Called REST services from client side using JQUERY.  • Used Ajax to call the Java functions from the webpage via JavaScript. Web Developer NetCracker Technology solutions September 2012 to August 2014 Responsibilities:  • Designed the Web application layout and forms using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  • Worked with business analysts to understand their business models and goals and help define strategy, content, and features.  • Converted PSD mockups into pure hand-written HTML and CSS pages.  • Handled all the client-side validations, slide show, hide and show controls, dropdown menus and tab navigation using JQUERY.  • Responsible for transforming design mock-ups to W3C standards compliant HTML pages using HTML, XHTML, CSS.  • Developed consumer-based applications using Python, Java Script, jQuery, HTML and CSS.  • Used Python Programming and language to develop a working and efficient network within the company.  • Tested and implemented applications built using Python.  • Created stored procedures, functions, views in SQL Server 2016 database.  • Wrote code to fetch data from Web services using JQUERY, AJAX via JSON response and updating the HTML pages.  • Participated with SQA team in bug thrashing sessions to discuss and resolve bugs that were reported in JIRA.  • Used JavaScript libraries to create slider and page-turning animations on calendar widgets.  • Responsible for creating the screens with table less design following W3C standards. Web Designer Evergent technologies Ltd November 2011 to September 2012 Responsibilities:  • Interacted with the Business/Technical Architect to obtain the specific system requirements and in understanding the functional flow  • Developed various class diagrams, sequence diagrams using Rational Rose.  • Developed UI code using spring framework using MVC pattern, JSP, HTML and JavaScript.  • Developed the presentation layer using JSP and Servlets with Eclipse IDE.  • Developed Servlets, which support the GUI for retrieving and updating the form elements of Stock Purchase and Restricted Stock products.  • Provided direction and guidance to the team for implementing change requests / enhancements  • Responsible for creating views, triggers and tables.  • Created XML schemas, XML files (as a mechanism for storing configuration information)  • Involved in converting parts of the existing application to use Spring framework.  • Used VSS for keeping the track of all work and changes in a set of files.  • Involved in writing Test cases and Performance testing documents.  • Involved in defect tracking, fixing and enhancements and deployment in Web Sphere servers.    Environment: Eclipse, Java, MYSQL, XML, DHTML, HTML, CSS, JAVA SCRIPT Education Bachelor's Skills AJAX (4 years), AngularJS (2 years), BACKBONE (Less than 1 year), Bootstrap (4 years), CSS (5 years), Dreamweaver (1 year), Eclipse (Less than 1 year), Git. (3 years), HTML (6 years), Java (3 years), JavaScript (7 years), JIRA (3 years), jQuery (6 years), JSON (5 years), mongo DB (1 year), MS SQL SERVER (1 year), Rest (2 years), SQL (1 year), SQL Server (1 year), XML (2 years)