Front end UI Developer <span class="hl">Front</span> <span class="hl">end</span> UI <span class="hl">Developer</span> Front end UI Developer - AmeriPath Lubbock Horsham, PA 6+ years of experience in Front end development and Web applications with HTML 5, CSS 3, React JS, Angular JS, jQuery, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON and XML  • Hands on experience in development utilizing JavaScript frameworks like jQuery as well as front- end technologies HTML 5, CSS 2/3, React JS, AJAX and JSON  • Expertise in designing and developing applications using Java, J2EE Technologies like Servlets, JSP, JDBC, XML, JMS and AJAX.  • Experienced in server-side CSS pre-processing platforms, such as LESS and SASS.  • Developed and updated the webpages using HTML5, CSS3, React JS, AngularJS, Java Script and JQuery achieving cross browser compatibility.  • Converted the mock-ups into hand-written HTML, CSS, XHTML, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, XML and JSON.  • Experienced in client-side design and validation using HTML5 and JavaScript.  • Good knowledge of JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as AngularJS, ReactJS, jQuery, node.js and Bootstrap.  • Developed Web API using Node.JS and hosted on multiple load balanced API instances.  • Experience in Node.JS modules like gulp, grunt, bower, express and mongoose.  • Experience in Windows Azure services like SaaS, PaaS and Iaas.  • Expertise in using source code control systems such as GIT, JIRA and Jenkins.  • Worked with JASMINE and MOCHA in testing and performed Unit testing and execution testing utilizing JUNIT.  • Experienced with implementing different features of Bootstrap.  • Hands on experience with Web Responsive using Bootstrap's templates.  • Experience in Web Services like Restful API'S, SOAP and good Knowledge in SOA.  • Experience working with developer tools like Firebug, Chrome or Safari web inspectors and IE Developer Toolbar.  • Experienced with Docker container service and applications by creating Docker images from Docker file.  • Extensive experience in creating style guides and setting UI Standards for enterprise/consumer applications.  • Involved in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile, Waterfall and SCRUM. Work Experience Front end UI Developer AmeriPath Lubbock - Horsham, PA February 2018 to Present Role: Worked with Team Management concept designs and implementation of prototype for new and undeveloped features that allowed customer representative team to track customers' instant payment notifications reports.    Responsibilities:  • Analyzed business requirements, participated in technical design, development and testing of various modules assigned.  • Designed business applications using web technologies like HTML4/5, XHTML, and CSS2/3 based on the W3C standards.  • Used Node JS for heavy DOM manipulation.  • Developed user interface by using the React JS, Flux for SPA development.  • Implemented client-side Interface using React JS.  • Worked on Redux -actions to send data from applications to the store.  • Maintained STATES in the store and dispatched the ACTIONS using Redux.  • Experience working on Redux Uni-directional data-flow achieving the predictable application behavior.  • Involved in building flexible UI, more user interactive and user-friendly web pages, reusable classes, functions using AJAX and JavaScript for client-side validation.  • Developing application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools and existing designs.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components.  • • Maintaining parent and child elements by using State and Props in React JS.  • Architected and Developed for large scale JavaScript application with React JS.  • Used React-Router to turn application into SPA.  • Maintained Cross Browser compatibility and implement Responsive Design using Twitter Bootstrap, custom media queries, etc.  • Involved in development of rich user interface components using JSON, Ajax, JavaScript, jQuery and HTML5.  • Used JavaScript for adding little functionality to the existing application (calendar, tooltips, hiding elements, etc.  • Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects.    Environment: HTML 5, CSS3, Sass, Less, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Ajax, ReactJS, Redux, Flex, My SQL, XML, XSL, XSLT, JSON, Git hub, Restful API, AWS, JIRA, Jasmine and Web Strom. UI Developer Adt Corporation - Boca Raton, FL February 2017 to January 2018 Role: Development of software applications solutions for E-commerce website of moderate complexity projects. Develops, codes, tests, debugs, and documents applications systems to achieve the objectives of the client group relative to identified system needs, which may be new, replacement of existing systems, or significant modifications of existing software modules. We wanted to update the structure of our system to a more updated framework which provided better performance and was not as heavy/bloated as web forms, React JS was the simple, lightweight alternative that we chose.    Responsibilities:  • Working in designing the user interface for the application.  • Used React Material UI components as reusable components.  • Involved in designing and developing the web pages using HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQUERY, Material UI, React.js, Redux, Flex, Rest API.  • Worked on React JS Virtual Dom and React views, rendering using components that contains additional components called custom HTML tags.  • Involved to implement various screens for the front end using React.js and used various predefined components from NPM (Node Package Manager) and redux library.  • Worked in using React JS components, Forms, Events, Keys, Router, Animations, and Flux concept.  • Implemented stable React components and stand-alone functions to be added to any future pages.  • Developed a fully functional prototype application using JavaScript (jQuery and Backbone.js) and Bootstrap.  • Responsible for React UI. Building components library, including Tree, Slide-View, and Table Grid.  • Used React JS for templating for faster compilation and developing reusable components and worked on React workbook.  • Used React-autocomplete for creating google maps location search on the webpage.  • Configured Web pack to execute linters, magnifiers, pre/post-processors, tests, transpires, etc. based on build target.  • Used JIRA to keep track of outstanding bugs to reduce downtime, increase productivity, and improve communication.  • Developed the React container and presentational components (as Stateless and Functional components when applicable).  • Developed the flux pattern by using redux framework as a core dependency.  • Building reusable components and front- end libraries for future use.  • Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code.  • Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers.  • Participated in code review, mentoring sessions and used GIT as version control for GIT interactions.  • Involved in understanding the responsive web design principles and making the site responsive without using bootstrap framework.  • Involved in Green Field development projects. To start a project without the need to consider any prior work. They tried to make it very hard on this due to the dependency.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, ES6, React JS, Redux, MySQL database, GIT, Jenkins, JIRA. Web Developer Fenwal Inc - Chicago, IL August 2015 to January 2017 Role: Fenwal Inc, is a global blood technology company dedicated to supporting transfusion medicine and cell therapies, ensures the availability, safety, and effectiveness of treatments that depend on blood - medicine's most vital natural Resource. These applications provide the feasibility to the donors and related medical representatives involving advanced medical technologies used in blood separation, collection, filtration, storage and transfusion.    Responsibilities:  • Involved in developing Front- end presentation using CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery Bootstrap, and Angularjs.  • Developing and designing SPA user interfaces in Angularjs.  • Used Angularjs multiple in-built directives such as filters, root scope, scope, modal, template, etc.  • Used AJAX extensively to implement front end /user interface features in the application.  • Parsed JSON data and displayed it in the frontend screens using Angularjs.  • Involved in writing application level code to interact with APIs, Web Services using AJAX and Angular resources.  • Developed on MVC framework providing very clean division between controllers, flexibility with the use of interfaces and providing thin web layer over business layer.  • Handled response data from RESTful web services using XML, JSON, and Jquery to update UI Interacted with java controllers (Jquery, Ajax, and JSON to write/read data from back- end systems).  • Used Jquery for basic animation and end user screen customization purposes.  • Responsible for making responsive web pages using twitter bootstrap and media queries.  • Worked on Agile methodology with one of the most flexible Agile project management tool JIRA.  • Worked closely with QA team and fixed QA bugs as well as production issues with a quick turnaround time.  • Used Jasmine& Karma for Unit testing Angularjs.  • Connected server and database to update data information MongoDB.  • Implemented new Docker container creation process for each GIT branch gets started on Jenkins as Continuous Integration server.  • Developed creative intuitive user interfaces that address business and end-user needs, while considering the technical, physical and temporal constraints of the users.    Environment: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angular js, AJAX, JQuery, JSON, XML, LESS, Mongo DB, Jasmine, Karma, RESTful, Docker, GIT. Software Developer Tata Consultancy Services - Bengaluru, Karnataka January 2013 to April 2015 Enterprise Information System (EIS) project was developed for Reddy Laboratories, Hyderabad. EIS provides the following facilities to employees to view their paychecks, tax cuts, to update their personal information and to search the information about the other employees working in that company.    Responsibilities:  • Designed the class diagrams and sequence diagrams using Microsoft Visio.  • Developed the UI Screens using HTML, DHTML, XML, and JavaScript, jQuery Custom-tags, JSTL DOM Layout, Ajax and CSS.  • Client-side validations are developed using jQuery and JavaScript.  • CSS based page layouts that are cross-browser compatible and standards-compliant were developed.  • Responsible for the color scheme of the website, overall layout design using HTML, XHTML and CSS.  • Implemented AJAX methodologies for required page update for improving the efficiency of the page load of the application.  • XML, XSLT and XPATH were used for cross platform information parsing.  • Designed graphics using Fireworks and Adobe Photoshop.  • AJAX scripts were used to improve the performance of the page.  • Involved in designing wire-frames and process work flow of the application.  • Extensively used/modified jQuery to perform AJAX calls for creating interactive web pages on JSON response.  • Played active role in Analysis, Design, Coding and Development of customized application interfaces.  • Designed the presentation layer and GUI framework for the view part of the application written using JSP and client-side validations were done using JavaScript.    Environment: HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, XSLT, DHTML, ADOBE DREAMWEAVER, PHOTOSHOP, ADOBE FLASH, USABILITY TESTING, MICROSOFT VISIO, AGILE METHODOLOGY. Education Bachelor in Information Technology in Information Technology Gujarat Technological University 2013 Skills • Web Technologies: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, WordPress, JSON, Twitter Bootstrap, React JS, Angular JS 1.x, Express JS, Node.js, GitHub (6 years), • Development tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Web Strom, Sublime, Dreamweaver, and Notepad++. (6 years), • Debugging tools: Firebug, Bugzilla, Chrome Developer Tools and IntelliJ. (6 years), • Frameworks: React JS, Angular JS, Node JS. (6 years), • Servers: IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA WebLogic 8.1, J Boss, HTTP Web Server. (6 years), • Platforms: Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista, Sun Solaris 9/10, IBM-AIX 5.2/5.3, Linux 5/6. (6 years), • Methodologies: Agile, Water fall (6 years), • Database: MONGO DB, SQL Server 2000, 2005 & 2008; IIS 6.0/7.0 (6 years), • Frond End Tools: CorelDraw, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator (6 years) Additional Information Technical Skills: -  • Web Technologies: HTML, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, XHTML, XML, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, WordPress, JSON, Twitter Bootstrap, React JS, Angular JS 1.x, Express JS, Node.js, GitHub  • Development tools: Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, Web Strom, Sublime, Dreamweaver, and Notepad++.  • Debugging tools: Firebug, Bugzilla, Chrome Developer Tools and IntelliJ.  • Frameworks: React JS, Angular JS, Node JS.  • Servers: IBM Web Sphere, Apache Tomcat, BEA WebLogic 8.1, J Boss, HTTP Web Server.  • Platforms: Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista, Sun Solaris 9/10, IBM-AIX 5.2/5.3, Linux 5/6.    • Methodologies: Agile, Water fall  • Database: MONGO DB, SQL Server 2000, 2005 & 2008; IIS 6.0/7.0  • Frond End Tools: CorelDraw, Dreamweaver, Adobe Photoshop CS5, Illustrator