Senior VMO/ IT Project Manager Consultant Senior VMO/ <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Consultant Administering vendor managed inventory programs for offshore sheet metal and critical components commodity Round Rock, TX Nate is a persistent and discerning Supply Chain Project Manager bringing along over 10 years of experience in developing supplier strategy, long-range plans, global supply chain optimization, and building supplier relationships for the Graphics and Communications commodity areas, in partnership with business partners. He is adroit in utilizing executive level communications, influence, and engagement with senior engineering, marketing, and sales leadership as well as daily interaction with suppliers to gain agreement and address contractual and business requirements.    Nate has gathered proven track record in managing program to achieve schedule and performance objectives; reporting, preparing contingency plans for risk areas as well as providing frequent communication of program status and issues to management and team members by interpreting requirements, establishing the performance schedule and cost requirements. He is deft at tracking progress against the project plan anticipating problems, taking timely action to resolve them and revising the plan to account for changed circumstances.    Additionally, Nate is skillful in developing and sustaining world class supply chain processes to deliver improved materials cost, lead time, and freight optimization. He also brings along demonstrated ability in regulating oversite, planning and management of all activities involved in procurement, inventory management, material flow and logistics by working in tandem with site leadership and material management professionals to strive towards material optimization including Scrap reduction and cost optimization.  To know more about him, or how he can help your business, contact Nate at: nlh433@gmail.com Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior VMO/ IT Project Manager Consultant TeckPartners - Milwaukee, WI 2018 to Present Manage staff of IT team & Global System Administrators and perform day-to-day project planning, execution, issues resolution, system administration, sourcing, vendor management and resourcing planning.  ? Identify, manage and mitigate project risk, by anticipating issues and providing immediate resolution or escalation where required.  ? Perform technical configuration and budgeting for Jaggaer Software (SciQuest) sourcing, contracts and eProcurement's modules.  ? Act as the liaison between business and technology functions, including working closely with the key stakeholders and the end users.  ? Manage all stages of the project lifecycle, including: scope, schedule, risks, issues and budget using established methodology (e.g., SDLC, Agile or Waterfall).  ? Led short term engineering, construction & procurement project for high end global data center provider.  ? Supported cross-functional team of engineering, supply chain, construction and general contractor with a $36m budget for CDI Corporation client Veritv.  ? Reduced system processing and user error from 80% to 24% in 1yr after deployment in 2018. Supply Chain Project Manager - Associate Consultant Booz Allen Hamilton - McLean, VA 2015 to 2018 Led and drove strategy development through the execution of transformation, merger and organization consolidation of 2 federal contracting sites in process improvement, cost management, resource allocation and training activities across all facets for Supply Chain Management, Manufacturing (non-classified) and IT sourcing.  ? Managed procurement and vendors to maximize business investments in key commodities while at the same time minimizing business risk.  ? Led a client's Consolidated Nuclear Security $33M budget for SAP HANA procurement (P2P), Ariba sourcing, warehouse and quality management system implementation.  ? Reduced materials transit time to the end user, improved inventory turns, cycle counting accuracy, and return materials process.  ? Created & implemented performance management and risk management process as well as built methodology to measure and improve vendor performance. Project Lead, IT Project Sourcing Manager - Contractor Superior Group- MD Anderson - Houston, TX 2014 to 2015 Led staff of 2 contractors at MD Anderson Cancer Center, providing service in strategic sourcing, vendor management and project support for $122M budget highly visible EHR software and professional services.  ? Completed seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client, accomplished with no downtime.  ? Headed supplier transition project teams & coordinated engineering tests, quality reviews & service requirements.  ? Generated effective communications, good relations, and a positive image with suppliers and coworkers, promoting courtesy, objectivity, and fairness.  ? Performed continuous professional development activities relevant to their area and ensured training in processes and systems relevant to their position. Purchasing Commodity Manager Powell Industries Inc - Houston, TX 2012 to 2014 Achieved annual saving $11M over next 5yrs, reduced the supply base by 30% and open 3 offshore outsourcing manufacturing facilities. Project Lead, IT Global Commodity Business Manager Adecco- Applied Materials - Austin, TX 2010 to 2012 Adecco-Celestica Aerospace • Senior Project Manager    ? Awarded long term agreement with tier 1 computer hardware, professional service provider and achieved savings $13M annually for 5 years.  ? Delivered defect- free product on time to the client and $2M under project budget through careful project planning. Project Lead, Construction Category Manager Precision Resources- Lower Colorado River Authority - Austin, TX 2009 to 2010 Released $1B state of the art natural gas plant on-time and $4.2M savings over 3 years of the contract.    Silicon Graphics, Inc. (Rackable Systems, Inc.) • Sr. Manager of Supply Chain & Operations    Beam reach Networks • Sr. Manager of Supply & Manufacturing    Electronics for Imaging • Manager of New Products Development    PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT & CREDENTIALS  Bachelor of Science in Public Administration San Jose State University, San Jose, California Education Bachelor's Skills • Strategic Planning • Supply Chain & Operations • Product Development • Supply & Manufacturing • Sourcing • Purchasing • Project Management • Global Commodity Business Management • Cost Control & Avoidance • Enterprise Resources Planning • Business Transformation • SDLC • Waterfall & Agile Methodologies • Process Design & Improvement • Quality Assurance & Testing • Resource Optimization • System Administration • Vendor Management • Test Strategy & Plans • Project Budget & Forecasting • Relationship Management • Defect & Issues Management • Team Leadership • MS Windows; MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint & Outlook) • MS Project; Daptiv PPM • ERP/Spend Management Systems (SAP, Ariba & Jaggaer) Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E5 Certifications/Licenses Certified Professional in Project Management (PMP) – In Progress Professional in Project Management (PMP) Training Certified Professional in Agile Scrum Master Training