IT Project/Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project/Program Manager Frederick, MD IT Project/Program Management Professional with a background in business/finance and 10 years experience specializing in Software Development and IT Department Management for public and private organizations. I can implement effective project management strategies on all levels. My greatest strength is business awareness as it enables me to permanently streamline better business processes. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project/Program Manager ActioNet February 2019 to July 2019 • Served as the Project/Program Manager, directly collaborating with a multi-disciplined team of 15 consultants to provide enterprise innovation and engineering solution implementations, IT strategic planning, IT governance, analysis, and business process improvement support in the areas of budget, acquisition, Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC)/portfolio management, communications, general project/program management, and Enterprise Architecture.  • Created, managed, and reported financial performance for an enterprise architecture view as it relates to business systems, IT systems and system infrastructure.  • Managed and led all aspects of delivery for systems engineering, IT systems integration, data management and analytics, strategy and cybersecurity tools and projects across the DoE totaling $50M in expenditures.  • Oversaw between 15 to 20  projects simultaneously; managed full life cycle of projects from inception through completion.  • Designed and implemented new policies that provided total accountability for personnel and solutions resulting in a cost savings of 10% within 5 months. IT Sr. Business Analyst December 2018 to February 2019 • Defined gaps in information and/or knowledge around solution innovation.   • Completed in-depth analyses for enterprise optimization projects increasing solution implementation by 5%.  • Developed a strategy to removed barriers, gathered requirements and provided key information to relevant stakeholders.  • Managed and monitored relevant metrics in customer service as well as system performance with a focus on continual improvement.  • Performed complex analyses of business goals, objectives and needs of the general business environment.  • Planned and designed business processes and made recommendations in order to improve business systems.  Project Lead/Business Analyst III Omnitek Consulting, Inc May 2018 to December 2018 • Maintained and monitored project timelines and ensured accuracy in reporting of project status.  • Managed internal releases for client products across the organization to develop, launch products on time and on budget.  • Confirmed all backend and front end application systems were updated accurately to handle new product enhancements.  • Managed a key project involving 5 pharmaceutical product releases for the region.  • Cross trained more than 20 employees in one month.    Key Achievement(s):  Successful Migration of legacy system to new platform for the regional IT infrastructure. Founder/Owner Inspironow, LLC December 2013 to May 2018 • Product Management - Consulted short and long-term projects to deliver market research, product strategy, competitive analysis, market analysis, and developing market requirements documents.  • Project Management - Provided project management support, including executive coaching, stakeholder management, meeting design and facilitation, knowledge capture, and reporting.  • Contract Oversight - Responsible for all facets of contract development, including analysis, negotiation, and closeout.  • Business Development (BD) - Identified new business areas to assign closeout responsibilities and pinpointed areas for improvement.    Key Achievement(s):  Successful prototype and demo of automated solution (Capture Management System) reducing departmental manual process by 70% in 2017.  Worked with internal departments to secure product for FY14 sales projection of $500K prior to re-assignment. Deputy Project Manager/Lead Health IT Business Analyst HHS/SAMHSA - BASCIC August 2017 to April 2018 • HHS, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), Behavioral Analytic, Scientific, and Clinical Information Component (BASCIC) Program.  • Developed an advanced web explorer/system and website incorporating an Amazon Alexa skill and virtual assistance in the tiag Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud to guide behavioral health workers, organizations, and members of the public to rapid, trusted, and actionable information and resources.  • Employed an agile approach, led an integrated team of experienced, high-performing, cross-functional technology, data science, behavioral health, and natural language processing (NLP) professionals.   • Conducted managerial review, consultation and approval of all algorithmic software development activities, quality performance, communications, risk management, and white paper development in accordance to the BASCIC project processes.  Agile Product Owner/Business Analyst Watershed Security, LLC, NOAA - Office November 2016 to August 2017 • Reduced software defect backlog by over 95% across the seafood inspection project.  • Partnered with IT and product leadership to drive and manage the solution.   • Negotiated sprint goals with the team, which resulted in slashing delivery time by 20% in a single quarter.  • Maintained the solution vision, roadmap, and backlog of work through the project's life cycle.  • Managed the successful development and release of 20 Seafood Inspection certificates for worldwide clients.    Key Achievement(s):   Received NOAA's 2016 Team Member of the Year Award. Project Manager/Operations Manager Caregiver International Services Inc August 2008 to June 2012 • Managed the design and implementation of 2 automated solutions (Records Management System and Employee Tracking System).  • Set comprehensive goals for optimal performance and established policies that promote the company's culture and vision.  • Developed, maintained, monitored and tested business continuity plans that will keep the organization functional in the event of a crisis.  • Reduced departmental manual process by 80% in 2010.  • Led a team of 8 employees and oversee daily operations of the company.    Key Achievement(s):   Received the Employee Recognition Award 2008, 2009 and 2011. Education Master of Science in Management Information Systems State University January 2015 to May 2017 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Maryland University College September 2008 to May 2012 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/meetnicholasbrumant