CFO IT Project Manager III CFO <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> III CFO IT Project Manager III Davis, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience CFO IT Project Manager III Scrum Master Verizon September 2016 to August 2017 • Developed weekly executive presentations and reports for initiatives, developed action plans, established milestones, and status updates for SVP and VP leaders across Technology and partner organizations.  • Spearheaded conversion of big data analytics team from Waterfall to Agile strategy leadership as Scrum Master.  • Transformed Finance reporting systems into a seamless world-class system resulting in simplified, accurate, timely statistics used to plan, report, analyze, forecast and collaborate in decision-making using actionable data-driven insights.  • Lead cross-functional Big Data initiatives, including the development of roadmaps, key metrics, success criteria, and managed key timelines and deliverables to execute on strategic initiatives through facilitating scrum meetings, encouraging creative collaboration and reporting progress.  • Evaluated vendor products as proof of concept for new Big Data AI initiatives and maintained positive vendor relations.  • Organized and lead 9 teams to collaborate and facilitate the execution of new opportunities to address business challenges offering constructive feedback on their performance and implemented a set of comprehensive tracking processes to monitor scrum teams performance.  • Researched new technology opportunities, analyzed and stayed up-to- date with industry trends, delivered compelling, quantitative data-driven recommendations to guide business decisions and improve business performance. IT Program Manager II Scrum Master Verizon August 2014 to September 2016 methodologies within PMO by coaching and directed all phases of Customer Resource Management application from initiation to implementation including sprint planning, daily stand ups, story development, test, demo, production and retrospectives.  • Coordinated UX design and decision-making meetings across teams to develop a collaborative work approach to solve complex problems and develop customer-specific solutions across varied Finance, Business and IT stakeholder groups while maintaining key relationships.  • Lead evaluation of go/no-go criteria for technical release and business cutover.  • Drafted project plans and sprint velocity and reported semi-weekly status dashboards to provide transparency on product and sprint backlogs.  • Created more efficient user experience for clients by establishing stakeholder value though monitoring and executing data analysis for monthly and quarterly KPIs. IT Project Manager I Verizon June 2013 to August 2014 • Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts for multiple projects including Customer Service Management program and decommission of non-directional legacy systems which unified business operations and processes with savings of $600k/year.  • Reviewed customer concerns and new opportunities to drive business strategy at weekly planning sessions.  • Coordinated quality assurance and end-to-end test strategy efforts to maximize credibility and minimize system downtime.  • Overhauled all release management communication designs. Education Bachelors of Science in Business Administration & Computer Information Systems in Business Administration & Computer Information Systems Colorado State University August 2009 to May 2013 Spanish Literature Universidad Veritas January 2012 to May 2012 Skills Business intelligence (1 year), data analysis (3 years), Design Development (Less than 1 year), MARKETING ANALYSIS (2 years), Unix (2 years), JIRA (3 years), Scrum (3 years), Leadership Development (2 years), Project Management (5 years), microsoft office (7 years), Photoshop (1 year), SQL (2 years), Javascript (3 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/betsy-hawkins Additional Information Skills  • Application and Software Design Development: Agile & Standard Delivery Lifecycle management Scrum & Kanban  • Programming languages: SQL Java Visual Basic, Linux/Unix ERP JQL Jquery  • Jira Confluence Microsoft Project, Word, Excel Photoshop Lightroom Spark inDesign ICOES certificate in Interior Design  • Data analysis Business intelligence Machine learning  • Excellent interpersonal, influencing, communication and organizational skills Creative Problem solver Detail oriented Passionate