Project Manager-Supply Chain and Retail Channel Management <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>-Supply Chain and Retail Channel Management Gallagher, Lead Implementation Consultant Webster Groves, MO ? Managed existing client PBM contract portfolio and ensured all guarantees were being met.  ? Lead the entire implementation for clients including the RFP cycle, complex needs analysis, preparation of timelines and objectives, and core team assembly.  ? Managed project timelines and responsibilities to deliver high-quality work products for diverse client needs.  ? Consulted clients on best practices and assisted in decision making to ensure the project would meet their long-term expectations and lead to customer satisfaction.  ? Acted as liaison between vendors, clients, and other Gallagher teams throughout projects.  ? Assisted the business development and underwriting teams throughout the sales process to obtain new clients.  ? Created and frequently reviewed detailed reporting mechanisms for both internal and external use.  ? Participated in industry and vendor conferences for ongoing professional development. Work Experience Project Manager-Supply Chain and Retail Channel Management Express Scripts January 2016 to April 2017 Utilized and developed Agile style of Project Management through procedures for iterative testing during all client  installs and requirement stages across Supply Chain.  • Designed and implemented supply chain initiatives for company's largest clients.  • Chief negotiator for $130 million+ client and provider contracting efforts.  • Utilized project management software to ensure accurate and timely completion of projects across multiple  departments.  • Wrote SQL queries to extract information to support client initiated projects.  • Performed detailed training to executive leadership, clients, and peers on the features surrounding current  projects, identifying opportunities for client growth, and sharing new policies and procedures.  • Created public health policy that is in compliance with federal, state and local criteria. Implementation Manager Express Scripts July 2014 to December 2016 • Managed hiring, training, and performance management for team of 18 direct reports.  • Acted as liaison for team with leadership, cross functional teams, and departments on projects and deliverables.  • Maintained all ongoing audit maintenance reports and internal and external audit inquiries for division.  • Served as PM on multiple projects simultaneously reporting on milestones and projected completion dates.  • Supply Chain Employee of the Quarter - (August 2015) Pharmacy Network Analyst Express Scripts September 2012 to 2014 • Initiated new policies concerning daily network support standard procedures.  • Represented Network Support team with internal business partners regarding number projects and inquiries.  • Delivered presentations to supply chain leadership regarding network support team processes.  • Contact for management of historical contract records and requests for reference and ongoing investigations.  • Facilitated training and creation of training materials for new analysts. Associate IT Analyst Express Scripts September 2008 to September 2012 • Practiced internal customer service as the point of contact for various projects.  • Supervised daily reporting procedures on IT service requests and project completion.  • Created and edited printed materials for corporation wide distribution. Education P.M.P. Certification St. Louis University 2019 Masters of Public Policy in Public Policy University of Missouri St. Louis - St. Louis, MO 2019 BA in Public Policy Administration & Business Administration University of Missouri St. Louis - St. Louis, MO 2011 Certifications/Licenses P.M.P. Certification - St. Louis University - 2019 Additional Information Agile Project Management, MS Word, Excel, Access, Visio, Microsoft Project, SQL Query - TeraData  PowerPoint, Outlook, SharePoint, Microsoft Project, Adobe Illustrator, Learning Management Systems.