BIOMEDICAL ENGINEER / LASER SERVICE ENGINEER BIOMEDICAL ENGINEER / LASER SERVICE ENGINEER BIOMEDICAL ENGINEER / LASER SERVICE ENGINEER - Evolution Laser Repair Clearwater, FL My background is biomedical engineering specializing in laser service engineering. Passionate about new medical technologies but have always been a very technologically adapt person with experience in IT, project management and engineering. Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal abilities as well as wide range of technical skills. Work Experience BIOMEDICAL ENGINEER / LASER SERVICE ENGINEER Evolution Laser Repair - Vero Beach, FL September 2018 to Present • Installed, repaired, upgraded and maintained a variety of ophthalmic, dermatological, dental and surgical lasers and equipment.  • Worked closely with manufacturers and clients to provide rapid repair response.  • Provided accurate documentation on all services and R&D feedback to manufacturers.  • Planned work schedule efficiently and maintained test equipment and parts inventory. IT Systems Administrator Updegraff Laser Vision - Saint Petersburg, FL December 2016 to September 2018 • Designed, budgeted, proposed and implemented new EMR, network, automation, electrical, AV and HVAC systems.  • Worked with the clinical director to determine needs for the practice and drafted proposal reports.  • Communicated and negotiated with vendors to get the best prices and equipment for the business.  • Diagnosed, repaired and corrected any computer system issues in hardware or software.  • Maintained servers and EMR systems, installing new software and hardware as needed.  • Stayed current with latest security technology to maintain all HIPAA regulations. PROJECT MANAGER / LIGHTING AND AUDIO ENGINEER Multiple nightclub venues - Tallahassee, FL August 2013 to December 2016 • Designed, built, and installed lighting rigs and sound for various business and venues throughout Tallahassee.  • Managed a team of technicians and was responsible for all technological aspects of nightclub functioning.  • Proposed and implemented new network, POS, audio/visual and electrical technology.  • Maintained venue, working with suppliers and coordinating any upgrades or repairs. Education Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL December 2016 Skills Instrumentation, Solidworks, Lasers, Matlab, Spectroscopy, Ms project, Billing, Ultrasound, Excel, Microsoft office, Word Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Proficient in all Microsoft Office programs such as MS Project, Word and Excel, as well as medical profiling and billing software. Experience in Solidworks, CADCAM, Matlab and Archicad software.  • Experienced working with CO2, Argon, diode pump and YAG lasers as well as ultrasound equipment.  • Optometry experience with all diagnostic testing, surgical technician and optician's apprentice.  • Vocational electrician's classes, well experienced with commercial, residential and high-voltage.  • U.V. spectroscopy, IR, AA instrumentation, H.P.L.C. and G.C. instrumentation experience.