Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager - Cilek Kids Room Santa Ana, CA Experienced in agile/ scrum and waterfall methodologies with a clear understanding of the SDLC and tools to execute objectives. Senior I.T. professional, with experience providing management over large-scale IT initiatives and budgets. I excel at liaising between business and technical areas to achieve on-time, on-budget and on-spec project completions. I'm able to merge customer and user needs with business requirements, budgetary restrictions, and logistical considerations to meet project deliverables using complex data models. I am also authorized to work in the US for any employer. Work Experience Sr. Project Manager Cilek Kids Room - Costa Mesa, CA April 2018 to Present • Develop, implement, and improve governance, policies and standards  • Execute the upgrade initiative(s) as identified together with internal and external stakeholders.  • Cultivate best practices and data integrity improvements  • Responsible for the creation and management of project plans to optimize deliverables, scope, and time through all phases including project impact, design, development, testing, go live and the on-going support plan to meet project goals and objectives.  • Apply the most appropriate methodology or toolset, in a team setting, that can address organizational alignment and acceptance, process defects, process flow issues, or process sustainment.  • Manages multiple large-sized projects, programs and initiatives.  • Identify and develop a variety of practical data-focused solutions, and construct the development of appropriate policy, process, internal staff capacity, and tools to process metrics that engage team members and provides leading and predictive insight into process performance.  • Periodically audit data to identify areas that require additional focus, data quality issues, root cause, and resolution based on data integrity management best practices. Improve compliance based on review of audits and anticipate risk perspective and data integration initiatives.  • Supply Chain: Worked with global CPG manufacturer to resolve quality and packaging issues negatively impacting the bottom line. Lowered defect rate by 18% and improved manufacturing flow by 15%.  • Evaluates performance and provides developmental opportunities to staff. Provides training of new staff as appropriate. Counsels performance problems or issues when needed. Reviews and signs time cards.  • Attend inter-departmental meetings; establishes and actively manages all project and key stakeholder's expectations and relationships.  • Develop a team environment that elicits optimal team member performance and innovation.  • Create representative, diverse teams to accomplish business goals, drive consensus and engage departmental contacts, members, and providers.  • Hold status meeting and prepares a weekly status report which includes identification of, and updates to issues and risks  • Addressing the needs, expectations, and concerns of the stakeholders during the course of the project. Includes appropriately managing the expectations of the business.  • Balancing competing project constraints, including Scope, Quality, Schedule, Budget, Resources, and Risk(s)  • Transitioning ownership of project activities to business owners upon successful delivery of project.  • Status Reporting, Budgets, Project Plan, Resource planning, meeting facilitation, overall team coordination.  • Develop common strategies for release governance across multiple departments.  • Establish consistent release management processes.  • Facilitate cross-department coordination of release management functions.  • Track an enterprise-wide release calendar.  • Inform senior management of enterprise-wide exposure to release risk and effectively mitigate it.  • Measure release cadence and effectiveness using common metrics across the entire software portfolio.  • Create common standards and formats for release playbooks and work with production control to standardize release decision-making.  • Define common mechanisms for capturing release-related performance indicators.  • Forecast demand for release resources and identify opportunities for greater efficiency.  • KPI Dashboards: Built KPI dashboards that improved the accuracy, transparency and compliance of financial reporting and planning for numerous client businesses. IT Program Manager The Revival Boutique - Chicago, IL November 2017 to May 2018 • Manage large-scale client programs focused on business growth, technology advancement and process improvement across value-chain activities such as logistics, operations, sales and service.  • Team Leadership: Built and managed talented teams of business analysts, programmers, developers and other specialists. Supervised up to 20 personnel per engagement, coordinating between in-house and client teams and keeping stakeholders informed of progress and milestones.  • Process Mapping: Saved company $1.3M annually after leading end-to-end mapping of procurement process.  • IT Infrastructure: Evaluated and streamlined core IT systems for multiple clients. Retired obsolete apps, established scalable platforms supporting business growth and strengthened information security.  • Planned release windows, cycles and release calendars across a portfolio of products  • Managed risks and resolved issues that affected release scope, schedule and quality  • Measured and monitored progress to ensure product releases were delivered on time and within budget  • Managed relationships and coordinated work between different teams at same or different locations. Managed all key stakeholders expectations.  • Conducts Weekly Release meetings, Weekly Change Control meetings, Release Readiness reviews, Milestone Reviews, and Business Go/No-Go reviews  • Lead and co-ordinated the Go-Live activities including the execution of the deployment plans and checklists.  • Maintains the release schedule for all core services and ensure alignment across key partners and vendors.  • Maintained a release repository and managed key information such as build and release procedures, dependencies, and notification lists  • Managed the movement of code for planned releases through build, test, and production thru hand-off meetings and follow-ups.  • Interface and communicate with various IT teams including Business Analysts, Delivery Managers, Development / QA Teams including infrastructure teams.  • Coordinate with other IT release management to determine if dependencies exist. Apply critical thinking to release planning including scope meeting to understand business urgency and impact along with consideration for release capacity.  • Monitor Post Implementation issues and manage key metrics from Release standpoint. IT Project Manager of Safety & Soundness Wells Fargo September 2017 to November 2017 Safety & Soundness:  • Mitigated vulnerabilities and risk.  • Understand vulnerabilities and create resolution plans with team.  • Present issues to steering committee on behalf of business and technical teams to retain funding for initiative's to maintain compliance.  • Created budget and forecast with milestones and any ROI's.  • Create stories and points within Jira.  • Facilitated Scrum meetings and sprints.  • Worked with governance to maintain project health.  • Managed and approved change request.  • Updated, viewed, and facilitated analysis of data.  • Maintained compliance of financial institution with all federal rules and regulatory boards.  • Evaluated the soundness of the institution's assets and the effectiveness of its internal operations, policies and management.  • Analyze key financial factors, such as capital, earnings and liquidity  • Assess the institution's sensitivity to certain risks.  • Periodically review and analyze various reports to gauge the overall soundness of District institutions and identify those that fail certain financial criteria.  • Drove complex projects and programs to achieve targeted and measured business goals and key objectives.  • Coordinated and scheduled resources across multiple organizations to align project requirements with business goals and objectives.  • Identified, monitored, reported and escalated project-related issues to achieve timely resolution.  • Developed and implemented corrective action plans to mitigate impact to project schedules and overall business objectives.  • Utilized project tracking tools and systems to accurately document milestones completions, project issues, corrective action plans, project jeopardies, and overall project completions.  • Maintained excellent communication with functional team members and direct management to ensure early identification of issues and a timely reporting of status.  • Provided input to teams as needed for guidance on Cyber Security matters, Cyber security knowledge and best practices. IT Program Manager Pallidum Staffing May 2016 to March 2017 • Project initialization, planning, execution, monitoring, control, budget, and closing  • Integration of disparate information systems, installation of on-board vehicle technologies, competitive vendor selection and management, procurement via a comprehensive RFP/RFI process, and strategic analyses and assessments  • Lead multi-departmental project teams to ensure that assigned projects are completed within scope, schedule, and budget. Track, monitor, and mitigate risk as necessary  • Recommend project approach, controls and appropriate performance measures. Apply those measures as needed, directed or required  • Analyzed, developed, and prioritized business and technical requirements in consultation with end users, project stakeholders and IT support groups. Documented requirements, user stories and tracked their completion  • Created and tracked detailed budgets for all projects. Reported on progress (and variances) to stakeholders, senior management, and the Project Review Board  • Developed and maintained a detailed project schedule in MS Project, SharePoint, Viso and Jira. Tracked tasks, milestones, and resources. Understood how (and when) to baseline a project, create a WBS, or level resources  • Developed and maintained standard project documentation such as: project charter, project plan, business cases, cost/benefit analysis, scope of work, risk management plan, change management plan, communication plan, issue management plan, requirements compliance and traceability tracking, test plan, development, execution and control, training plan, management reports, benefits achievement and project close-out reports  • Developed, reviewed, and managed contracts for assigned projects; worked with legal to ensure compliance and track contract details throughout life of project;  • Developed Requests for Information (RFI), Requests for Proposals (RFP) or Requests for Quotes (RFQ) and work with legal and procurement to ensure a fair and uniform process when selecting 3rd party solutions  • Ensured all projects maintained compliance with all relevant State, Federal, local, and industry laws and regulations; responded to audit requests, curated project documentation, and created comprehensive project archives.  • Established appropriate steering and governance committees for each project; planed and coordinated steering committee meetings and document decisions; provided timely status reports, assessments, issue identification, risk reports, and related project analyses as required  • Perform other duties as assigned Jr .Program Manager Blue Cross and Blue Shield October 2015 to March 2016 • Managed large-scale initiatives involving the transition of programs to new platforms and the merger of disparate systems from acquired client companies.  • Achieved seamless migrations and integrations that were transparent to client customers, accomplished with no unscheduled downtime and delivered under budget.  • Presented deliverables that were created using complex data models on behalf of PMO. As well as creating and flow charts to emphasize impact on lines business and other applications. using network engineers and system architects to create concise streamlined projects.  • Created, approved and edited change documentation and change request for PMO.  • Directed global rollouts of new software and systems for clients.  • Ensured defect-free releases through careful planning, testing and QA efforts.  • Managed, and scheduled impact of over 200 lines of business  • Created and maintained accurate project plans in conjunction with the client and Project Delivery Team  • Directed and managed ERP projects from beginning to end  • Authored and maintained clear, concise project documentation  • Proactively managed changes in project scope, identified potential risks and devised contingency plans  • Managed change control  • Project QA and performance monitoring  • Tracked project status and managed project issues and risks  • Established project governance and delivered projects to successful conclusions  • Prepared project reviews after each major phase and/or on the completion of projects  • Provided status reports to project sponsors  • Identified, analyzed, tracked and prioritized project risk then developed response plans  • Coached, mentored, motivated and supervised project resources and influenced them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work  • Liaised with third party suppliers and coordinated resources and tasks  • Contributed to the continuous improvement of internal project management practices Project Manager JP Morgan Chase November 2014 to June 2015 • Prepared and reconciled financial month-end and quarterly variance reports.  • Developed and managed budgets and forecasts, for government contracts totaling over $260M.  • Led cross functional business team in the selection, migration and deployment of company's new financial management system.  • Maximized project success and mitigate risk  • Lead conversion of Waterfall to Agile methodology.  • Lead scrums and sprints in Agile environment  • Delivered projects and products into production using the appropriate agile project management methodology, learning & iterating frequently  • Worked with Product Managers, Scrum Masters, and Engineering Leads to define the roadmap for any given product and translate this into actionable development artifacts  • Lead the collaborative, dynamic planning process - prioritizing the work that needs to be done against the capacity and capability of the delivery organization  • Built and maintain motivated teams, making sure there is an iterative plan to work towards  • Coached team members and others, facilitate continuous improvement and apply the most appropriate agile and lean tools and techniques for their environment  • Proactively managed dependencies, overcame obstacles and got the best value against constraints  • Partnered with Quality Assurance to ensure all products were built to an appropriate level of quality for the stage (alpha/beta/production)  • Actively participated in the JP Morgan Chase and broader delivery community, sharing and re-applying skills and knowledge and bringing in best practices  • Represented team management as needed when it came to incidents, technical direction, and planning  • Worked with our external vendors, service providers, and partners on appropriate solutions for achieving operational excellence  • Establish a culture of high performance, transparency and continuous improvement as it relates to the development and support of our applications and services and to the streamlining of the delivery process  • Encouraged and motivated the delivery organization and protected it from external distractions so team members are able to focus on what they were best at  • Researched and recommended the latest tools, evolving methods, and industry techniques to achieve optimal results  • Matrix-managing multidisciplinary teams  • Gathered requirements, fine-tuned user stories, and created technical specifications in conjunction with Product's to create deliverables for engineering teams  • When required, worked extended hours at times under considerable pressure, including holidays and weekends if necessary to ensure operational compliance with JP Morgan Chase Bank service level agreements  • Handled outward facing tasks and included financial tracking, hiring, stakeholder relationships (supporting the product owner), and reported to the wider JPM organization. Education Associates in Information Technology in Information Technology Triton College - River Grove, IL Skills Pmp, Project lifecycle, Jira, Migrations, Sharepoint, Visio, Peoplesoft, Requirements definition, Sdlc, Budgeting, Project scheduling, Cost controls, Scheduling, Team building, Quality assurance, Excel, budget, Outlook, Estimating, Microsoft Project