Concessions Supervisor Concessions Supervisor IT Support Technician Saint Paul, MN IT Support Technician with a wide experience and education in maintaining the daily performance of computer systems. Hoping to secure a help desk position in an organization where my IT abilities will be maximized. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Concessions Supervisor Delaware North - Saint Paul, MN July 2019 to Present Oversee day to day operations of the concession stands. Performing end of shift procedures. IT Support Tech Insight Global - Minneapolis, MN February 2019 to June 2019 Duties include;  • Managing and solving tickets on the ticket board  • Transcribing voicemail tickets and troubleshooting  • Answering phone calls from clients in about 28 states & 420+ stores  • Remote desktop troubleshooting  • Remote servers troubleshooting  • Install, configure and maintain internal applications and web apps Call Center IT Support Kelly IT Services - Brooklyn Park, MN October 2018 to January 2019 Duties include;  • Receive, respond to and resolve inbound Client contacts, including NON-Technical issues as needed  • Manage unresolved incidents utilizing appropriate resources within required timelines  • Coordinate internal resources as necessary to ensure effective resolution  • Document and communicate to appropriate resource any recurring/critical client issue received  • Write, edit and proof project documentation and correspondence  • Knowledgeable about assigned Client, service offerings, policies/standards, and processes  • Performs to and maintains acceptable performance levels as measured against the following metrics: client hold time, call lengths, call volumes, call quality and overall customer satisfaction Help Desk/ In-house IT OfficeTeam - Seattle, WA August 2017 to September 2018 Duties include;  • Manage network and cloud servers; Share File, Citrix, ComputerEase  • Set up/delete new employee/former employee accounts through MS and Azure  • Diagnosed and Troubleshoot Network problems for all offices  • Utilize TeamViewer and or Remote desktop to help colleagues in other locations  • Migrate, manage and or back up data  • Set up data and information servers, like PowerEdge T640 Tower Servers Sales Consultant Toyota of Seattle - Seattle, WA June 2016 to July 2017 Main duties include:  • Selling cars with utmost honesty and integrity.  • Responding to customers about their online inquiries on cars.  • Educating customers about the cars and products  • Reviewing customer's financing options with them.  • Answering and sourcing phone calls from the direct line. Host/Front Desk W Hotel Seattle - Seattle, WA June 2012 to June 2016 Duties included:  • Check in and check out.   • Answer a multiline telephone and transfer to different departments for different callers.  • Working as an active member with the front-office team and ensuring maximum comfort for guests  • Greet guests and make them feel welcome both in person and on the phone.  • Reviewed and verified data such as: age, name and addresses of guests.  • Compiled, sorted and verified the accuracy of data before it entered  • Set up and make reservation arrangements for large parties.  • Assist other department when and as needed.  • Manage event related work.  • Completed shift end report and safety logs. Volunteer Impact Project Case Manager Somali Youth and Family Club - Renton, WA May 2012 to April 2016 Main Functions include:  • Help clients with English language barriers.  • Schedule appointments for people meeting with the chief of community relations of the organization.  • Assist in planning community events  • Refer interested and qualified clients meeting criteria to applicable program service providers.  • Perform clerical duties necessitated by program activities including data entry.  • Support establish relationships with entities such as partner agencies and area employers to coordinate services and outreach efforts.  • Help clients with job search. Education Associate in Hospitality and Tourism Management Highline Community College - Seattle, WA 2012 to 2014 Associate in Computer Science ITT Technical Institute-Seattle - Seattle, WA Skills Microsoft office, CCNA, Network Administration, Active Directory, Server, C++, Customer Relations, Data Entry, Database Management, Firewalls, Web Design, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Tech Support, Service Desk, MAC Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) CCNA Routing and Switching Network+ Certification Assessments Proficiency with Microsoft Office: Mail & Calendar (Mac) — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate’s proficiency in using Microsoft Office Mail and Calendar tools to manage their workload. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/zcwdx1actx9jahv4 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.