Scrum Master/ Project Manager Scrum Master/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Ambitious, Self-starting, Tech Savvy St. Louis, MO Exceptionally innovative and dependable tech professional with an eagerness to learn more skills. I am a natural self-starter with knowledge in a wide variety of tech competencies. Highly adaptable to a variety of working environments and possesses great communication skills to work efficiently with a team of other professionals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master/ Project Manager Mastercard - St. Louis, MO December 2018 to Present Guiding the team and organization on how to use Agile/Scrum best practices; Facilitating scrum ceremonies to help team self-organizing and foster a trusting, transparent environment; Assessing the Scrum Maturity of the team; Removing impediments and guiding the team to remove impediments to create a continuous workflow with minimal interruptions; Helping to keep external distractions from affecting team members workflow; Facilitating and coach team on effectively using Kanban board as the team's workflow visual aide; Providing all support to the team using a servant leadership style whenever needed Epic Users Specialist Washington University in St. Louis - St. Louis, MO January 2018 to December 2018 Played a key role in the data migration for the entire BJC and Washington University network of 300k records and assisted in the Go-live process, Supports and implements front desk settings and registration workflows, including patient registration and scheduling (Cadence and Prelude) process, RTI Insurance services coverage and guarantor verification to enhance operational efficiency by 40%, Functions as a go-to Super user for front desk staff to increase staff skill levels. English Teacher/English Curriculum Technical Writer Horizon International School - Sendai July 2015 to August 2017 Created reader-friendly promotional and marketing documents such as: brochures and content for social media mediums; Edited and translated documents related to school’s curriculum; Edited and enhanced School employee handbooks and other institutional documents to be clear and concise; Researched articles and reports on relevant educational trends; Presented data using tools on Powerpoint and Prezi, including graph, tables, and charts IT Support Specialist Mercy Health System - St. Louis, MO April 2014 to June 2015 Provided help desk support and resolve problems to the end user’s satisfaction; Monitored Service Desk for tickets assigned to the queue and process first-in first-out based on priority; Modified configurations, utilities, software default settings, etc. for the local workstation; Utilized and maintain the help desk tracking software; Assisted with on boarding of new users; Maintained inventory of all equipment, software and software licenses; Reported issues to the Service Desk for escalation; Assigned users and computers to proper groups in Active Directory; Performed timely workstation hardware and software upgrades as required Education M.A. of Global International Relations in Global International Relations Webster University - St. Louis, MO 2014 Bachelor's in Sociology Howard University - Washington, DC 2010 Skills Microsoft office Suite (10+ years), Adobe (6 years), HTML (2 years), CSS (1 year), CRM (3 years), Salesforce (1 year), Javascript (1 year), SQL (1 year), JQuery (1 year), Web Design (1 year), Kanban (Less than 1 year), Agile (Less than 1 year), Scrum (1 year), Scrum Master, Agile Scrum, Jira, Rally, CSM, Certified Scrum Master