Advisory Consultant Advisory Consultant Infosec & IT GRC Professional San Juan, PR Highly dedicated and conscientious individual with extensive years of experience in information security management, implementing cyber security measures and data privacy. Well-versed in identifying issues, providing world-class customer service approach, analyzing system requirements for internal audit and regulatory reporting, troubleshooting network infrastructures, network monitoring security software installation, evaluating and identifying vulnerabilities as well as improving overall system efficiencies. Adept at training and educating internal users on relevant cyber security procedures and preventative measures. Impressive capacity to thrive in fast-paced environments while delivering quality results. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Advisory Consultant Deloitte - San Juan, PR July 2019 to Present Assists organisations in building value, by taking a Risk-Intelligent approach to managing financial, technology and business risks. Leverage leading industry practices, to assist organisations in mitigating the risks associated with internal and external systems, business processes, projects, applications, data and third-party reliance. Technical Project Manager Banco Santander - San Juan, PR January 2019 to May 2019 -Provide overall information security program delivery.  -Work cross-functionally with multiple business units, including Product Management, Development, Compliance, Vendor management, change management, and Finance to implement new company and process improvement initiatives.  -Manage project delivery activities and communications across all project teams.  -Assist in the identification and remediation of risks to delivery scope, quality timeline and budget.  -Assist with communication with 3rd parties, contract/SOW management, and service level agreements.  -Support audit and compliance requirements and controls.  -Management of information security projects and support he day-to-day cyber security activities.  -Provides program reporting and status to senior management.  - Helps develop, implement, and manage process, policies, standards, and procedures.  -Provide information security training and awareness to employees  -Support on Cyber resiliency efforts, incident handling and threat analysis. IT GRC Analyst Banco Santander Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR November 2017 to January 2019 - IT third party service provider risk management by overseeing, monitoring and auditing provider’s processes.  -Software Asset Management by keeping track of versions, agreements with providers and risk associated with such software.  -Assisted in IT audits and control testing  -Supported IT GRC activities throughout the organization  -Performed Vulnerability and Threat Management (utilizing Nessus and other tools for analysis)  -Supported the GLBA Officer in compliance with Data Privacy Programs  -Provided GLBA and Social Engineering training and awareness to employees  -Supported on Cyber resiliency efforts IT Analyst Banco Santander Puerto Rico - San Juan, PR June 2015 to October 2017 -Managed Information systems on the human resources department (payroll, HCM, benefits, training and evaluation).  -Aided in troubleshooting users and help coordinate training when needed.  -Maintained databases quality and data integrity  -Created queries and custom reports for upper management.  -Manage HRIS projects.  -Implemented a Data Warehouse for Business Intelligence  -Performed Identity Access Management and portal administration for HR related systems.  -Provided and assisted process information needed for audits  -Verified control testing and risk appetite indicators with action plans when applicable. IT Technical Consultant Dr. Rosado Medical Clinic - San Juan, PR July 2012 to May 2015 -Trained personnel.  -Managed Database, platforms and network.  -Provided audit electronic records to health insurance companies.  -Implemented an electronic health record system.  -Managed Active Directory Users, Computers and Group Policies. Education MBA in Finance UMET - San Juan, PR Bachelor's in Industrial Engineering Universidad Del Turabo - Gurabo, PR Bachelor's in Science UPR - San Juan, PR Skills Information Security, CISSP, IT Management, Risk Management, IT Governance, ITIL, It Project Management, Incident Management, Peoplesoft, Governance, CISM, Management, Customer Service, Security, Word, Organizational Skills, Excel Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/raul-rosado-pagan Awards Young Leader 2018-11 Selected as part of a group of 200 professionals worldwide as Young Leaders in the Santander group Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) ITIL v3 Security+ Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)