IT Project Manager, Senior Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Senior Associate IT Project Manager, Senior Associate - DRT Strategies Washington, DC Work Experience IT Project Manager, Senior Associate DRT Strategies/Federal Drug Administration 2018 to Present Responsibilities  • Manage and direct project  • Identify and monitor relevant risks and provide mitigation strategies  • Perform status reporting on project progress, milestones, and decisions using various tools such as SharePoint, clarity, PowerPoint, Excel, pmt etc.  • Manage plan and track project schedules, baselines and budgets using Microsoft Project  • Illicit and document requirements for new and ongoing business needs  • Participate in agile and hybrid agile methodologies using sprint stories and tools such as JIRA Agile  • Communicate regularly with stakeholders, both Government and Contractor through regular and ad-hoc meetings; Help plan for and facilitate the meetings necessary with the business stakeholders and other groups as needed to accomplish the above tasks; be able to plan and facilitate independently.  • Own project deliverables such as requirements and functional specifications and support quality processes by reviewing team documents and following standard quality processes.  • Work independently with minimal supervision performing project tasks  • Review and contribute to development of test cases  • Participate in end-to-end testing activities  • Manage multiple simultaneous projects using primarily Agile/Scrum methodologies; assist in technical proposal development and other business development activities; develop project plans and work breakdown structures; identify resource conflicts; manage schedule and risk; ensure deliverables are accomplished on schedule; as needed, conduct business analysis and develop requirements; communicate project status, risk and schedule changes; manage customer expectations, ensure proper documentation of all project phases; provide weekly updates to company executive staff regarding project progress and issues    Experience and Skills  • Highly Experienced in Federal Software development application  • Highly Experienced in Federal EPLC Framework and IT governance methodology  • Experience working within a federal consulting environment  • Experience working within an agile team environment  • Experience with process-driven requirements elicitation such as use cases, business process modeling, RUP and user stories  • Proactive problem-solving skills  • Excellent written and oral communication skills  • Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize workload based on needs of the client  • Ability to deal with ambiguity and frequent changes in priorities  • Self-Starter, but able to work well in a team environment Commercial & Operations Manager IPX Communications, Inc - Rockville, MD 2013 to 2018 Drive expansion and the continuous improvement of major IT projects in a global communications company that delivers complete communications solutions to clients in the Oil & Gas, Government/Military, University, and Telemedicine industries. Tapped to relocate back to the USA to oversee critical domestic technical projects, in addition to managing IPX Gabon remotely.  • Successful leadership over the entire Africa operation, primarily focused in Gabon.  • Direct management of 20 associates, including 15 Techs and 5 Administrative Associates.  • Managed $20M broadband fiber optic warehouse & procurement project in Maryland with successful results.  • Managed a $2M Ericsson/AT&T project to upgrade the cellular tower antennas at 50 sites across the east coast USA; utilized riggers and construction subcontractors for successful completion within budget/deadlines.  • Managed an $800k T-Mobile project to upgrade cellular tower antennas across the east coast USA.    • Serve as NOC Operator (Network Operation Center), utilizing solar winds software to manage VSAT and Microwave nodes in the field.    • Led $10M project to install CTBTO for Hughes Networks, including performing IT Technical functions.    • Led $1.8M CWE (Collaborative Work Environment) installation project for Shell, including writing the proposal and performing IT Technical duties (installed 3G and 4G networks).    • Held key role in a $10M Blue Force Tracking Project (BFT), a global VSAT install and maintenance project that involved several phases over a 10-year period. Gabon Country Manager IPX Communications, Inc 2011 to 2013 Gabon, Africa  Promoted to lead several key business initiatives to expand market share, drive efficiency gains, and cost reductions in Gabon. Reported directly to the Owner/President. Successfully managed 30 French-Speaking Tech employees with oversight on all technical and commercial operations.  • Performed installation and network configurations at all POP and Data Centers for a major IPX Ace Fiber Infrastructure build out project. Enabled IPX to have fiber circuit direct to Europe, which allowed IPX to be an active ISP/WSP provider in Gabon. Achieved data flows at 160 milliseconds and earned $200k/month.  • Utilized French language speaking proficiency to overcome language barriers for successful project leadership. This included critical government relations with local leaders to overcome business obstacles.  • Performed accounting (AP/AR), payroll, and tax related functions for local contracts and contractors.  • Managed scheduling and calendars for concurrent projects utilizing an internal tracking system to ensure efficiency and completion on time within budgets.    • Prepared and held monthly service quality meetings with the customer and weekly status meetings contractors to discuss progress, assess challenges, and strategize on potential solutions.    • Maintained detailed project plans to oversee, organize, and track projects from initiation phase through completion with excellent results. Telecommunications Engineer IPX Communications, Inc 2009 to 2011 Gabon, Africa  Performed a wide range of technical functions related to telecom installations, IT configurations, and the installation of VSAT, Microwave, Radio, and Fiber Optics for ongoing projects in Gabon. Served as a Network Manager for all IPX Gabon ISP clients on shore and off shore.  • Managed, supported, updated, and troubleshot technical issues at multiple locations, working with internal business teams to design and improve performance to boost overall customer experience.  • Designed, configured, and assisted with installation, maintenance, and troubleshooting of network and telecommunications infrastructure equipment, phones, and other peripheral equipment.  • Provided recommendations to management related to purchasing and installing hardware, software, and telecommunications equipment for optimal results. Education Bachelor of Science in Political Science Loyola University - New Orleans, LA Skills PM, SDLC, Scrum Master, PMP, Waterfall