IT Project Manager| Leader Services <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>| Leader Services IT Project Manager| Leader Services - Federal and State Kingston, PA Work Experience IT Project Manager| Leader Services Federal and State - Hazleton, PA 2018 to Present • Lead a team of developers across all phases of the SDLC.  • Proficient in the subject matter of Federal and State laws and practices.  • Collaborates with multiple client contacts in cooperation with internal web development team during design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance phases of each project.  • Works directly with clients to identify and document business needs, workflows, and functional  requirements to ensure technical compatibility and end-user satisfaction.  • Defines level of effort estimate and project plans by identifying requirements, available resources, and milestones of the requested project.  • Works directly with internal development team to develop a suite of custom web applications and development technologies.  • Clearly communicates all new client requirements for efficient development by the team.  • Create and conduct test case scenarios against completed projects to ensure the system's proper  functioning, user friendliness, and adherence to business requirements.  • Provides documentation on system's technical and functional elements.  • Act as company liaison with bi-monthly travel to client location IT Project Manager CSS Industries - Moosic, PA 2016 to 2018 • Understand business processes and constraints for assigned business functions.  • Analyzes business problems and processes, develop alternative solutions and improvements and present recommendations to project teams and business customers.  • Produces clear and detailed requirement documents.  • Develops technical designs that satisfy the customer requirements and clearly document the data, logic,  processes, flows and outputs. Identifies cross system dependencies, information flows, and interface  requirements and designs/  • Develops and configure business systems that follow the technical designs to meet customer  requirements.  • Works with IT and customer resources to develop and execute test plans that validate system  functionality.  • Develops appropriate system and customer documentation.  • Assists in the implementation of new systems and system changes.  • Maintains proficiency in analytical and development skills and up-to-date knowledge of applications and tools.  • Provides support and maintenance for assigned business applications and processes.  • Develops awareness of business data, industry standards and regulatory requirements for assigned  business areas.  • Participates in project team meetings and follows project plans and project reporting requirements. Senior Business IT Analyst/ Project Manager Genpact - Wilkes-Barre, PA 2011 to 2016 • Develop business architecture using requirements such as scope, processes, alternatives, and risks.  • Analyze client's business requirements and processes through document analysis, interviews,  workshops, and workflow analysis.  • Conduct 5+ levels of testing including functional, regression, user acceptance, integration and performance to verify the client's needs are met.  • Communicate client's business requirements by constructing easy-to-understand data and process  models.  • Provide input into developing and modifying systems to meet client needs and develop business  specifications to support these modifications.  • Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure a mutual understanding of processes and applications.  • Troubleshoot problem determination support and coordination for major problems in the network  services, facilities, software, and systems  • Performed the installation, customization, implementation and problem determination for telecommunications, network control software for OCO's network interfaces and connectivity to local  area and/or wide area networks.  • Collaborated and negotiated with vendors on interconnect protocols, hardware and software and deals  with multiple complex arrangements.  • Written standard operating procedure manuals (SOP) for IT operations. Prepares written work products  such as project plans, status reports, contact reports, executive level briefings, procedures and training  packages. Education Masters in Business Administration in Business Administration Wilkes University - Wilkes-Barre, PA 2011 Bachelors in Business Administration in Communications Misericordia University - Dallas, PA 2008 Skills SDLC, Information Technology, Software Development, PM, Waterfall, Scrum Master, Project Management, PMP Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    • Experience across multiple business analysis cases.  • Presenting information in an intelligent and clear way in order to communicate project  requirements.  • Revenue generation via business solutions.  • Possess knowledge of data modeling.  • Familiarity with SQL, VBA, MS Project and Agile Project Management methodology.  • Experience in working with stakeholders across a range of levels.  • PMI Trained.  • Understanding conceptual ideas.    Technical Profile  MS Office Suite, MS Project, SQL Server, MySQL, Visual Basic, Adobe Pro, TrainCaster LMS, ServiceNow,  Business Objects, Birst BI, SAP, Nielson, SPARK, JIRA, Sharepoint