Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Atlanta, GA Highly-productive experienced professional with several years of functional and technical expertise. Visionary, results driven, analytical problem solver with exceptional organizational,facilitation, communication, interpersonal and time management skills. Motivated team leader and player, focused on quality process improvements and achieving goals with excellent presentation and customer relationship skills. Proven ability to secure business relationships with stakeholders,clients and vendors and function as consultant and liaison between functional groups. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Healthcare - Available Upon Request - Atlanta, GA 2018 to Present Implemented technology projects from requirements through implementation within a matrix environment utilizing Agile and Waterfall SDLC methodologies. Managed project schedule, budget, and resources. Worked with stakeholders and vendors, oversaw project risks, took corrective action as necessary, and provided input to manage project roadmap.  • Implemented Research Electronic Internal Review Board SaaS system to allow the replacement of manual processes, enhance compliance, increase data integrity and allow reporting functionality, resulting in a reduction of 10-15 labor hours per week.  • Migrated Marcus.Org website to the latest site core environment to improve functionality; prevent incompatibility issues and an unsupported platform.  • Migrated SharePoint from the 2010 to 2016 platform to improve performance, increase growth and prevent an unsupported platform.  • Implemented Intellectual Property Management SaaS system to allow the replacement of manual processes, improve security and accessibility of intellectual property information and allow reporting functionality, resulting in a reduction of 15-20 labor hours per week. Senior Analyst / Project Manager COX MEDIA GROUP - Atlanta, GA 2015 to 2017 Implemented enterprise technology and process improvement projects from requirements through implementation utilizing Agile and Waterfall SDLC methodologies. Managed project schedule, budget, and resources. Oversaw project risks, took corrective action as necessary, and provided input to manage project roadmap. Managed balanced scorecard and reporting. Created business, system and user training documentation.    • Implemented Jira Agile tool to improve agile tracking, management, and productivity, resulting in $100K cost savings annually.  • Provided guidance, support, and training to team members and project and program managers, analyzing, tracking, and resolving project data.  • Improved project performance measurements through design and implementation of continuous quality improvements, metrics collection, reporting, processes, and tools.  • Served as product / process owner, administrator, and subject matter expert, advancing maturity of enterprise project portfolio management tools. Project Manager Consultant AT&T - CHARTER GLOBAL - Atlanta, GA 2014 to 2015 Utilized Agile methodology to manage big data analytics projects from requirements through implementation. Provided oversight for project scope, schedule, budget, and matrixed resources. Provided input to guide project roadmap.  • Acted as consultant, working with Business, IT Teams, Delivery Leads, and Managers, defining scope and ensuring deliverables were being met.  • Served as Scrum Master, monitored team Sprint backlog, guaranteeing it accurately reflected the current state. Communicated committed stories for the upcoming Sprints to the backlog owners and stakeholders. Senior IT Analyst / Project Manager SUNTRUST BANKS - Atlanta, GA 2010 to 2014 Led enterprise technology and process improvement projects from requirements through execution utilizing Agile and Waterfall SDLC methodologies. Managed balanced scorecard, reporting, new project requests, resource allocations, metrics, and change requests across matrix environment.  • Acted as Technology Project Management Office liaison, working closely with Enterprise PMO to ensure governance, quality, and training measurements were being met at enterprise level.  • Served as PMO process owner, administrator, and subject matter expert for processes, reporting and tools, supporting governance and process improvements.  • Led work sessions and performed workflow analysis, identifying inefficiencies for recommendation of process improvements and system enhancements in support of Lean Six Sigma methodology.  • Performed user acceptance testing (UAT) and validation on system and software functionality. Business Process Analyst / Project Manager Consultant VOLT TECHNOLOGY - Atlanta, GA 2009 to 2010 Directed business software process improvement projects from initiation through implementation utilizing Agile methodology. Managed risks, client expectations, and change management process.  • Provided consultation, eliciting, analyzing, documenting, communicating, and validating business and system requirements in development of processes and system improvements.  • Guaranteed prompt delivery of software updates by functioning as Release Manager between organizational groups.  • Acted as product owner, working with vendors and users on software enhancements, issue resolution, and user acceptance testing (UAT). Education Master of Science in (MSc), Project Management honors, Keller Graduate School of Management - Atlanta, GA Bachelor of Science in (BSc), Technical Management, Computer Information System DeVry University - Atlanta, GA Associates in (AA), Computer Information System DeKalb Technical Institute - Atlanta, GA Skills PMBOK, PMI, SDLC, SaaS - Software as a Service, Agile, Scrum, PPM, Microsoft Office, Sharepoint Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) Certified Project Manager Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Additional Information Technical Skills    Microsoft Office Suite / Office 365, Project, Access, Outlook, SharePoint, Salesforce CRM, Remedy, Service Now, JIRA, Version One, Rally, Primavera, ClarityPPM, Cognos, Apptio, Visio, SQL, Kiss Flow, Act Fast, On Base, PMI, Scrum, Agile, PMBOK, SDLC, Waterfall, Six Sigma, Software as a Service (SaaS)