Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Irving, TX • Highly motivated team player with excellent interpersonal, organizational, analytical, presentation skills, and leadership qualities.  • Project Management experience: 2 years  • Business / Technical Consultant experience: 3 years  • Business Analyst + QA experience: 4 years  • Experience in: Workforce Management, Time & Attendance, Task Management, Business Intelligence, Predictive Analysis, Database Upgrades, Major System Upgrades, Ordering and Shipping solutions, Payment Device configuration, GS1 barcode implementation, Promotions Engine configuration etc.  • Clients: Sally Beauty Holdings, Cosmoprof Beauty, Misumi USA, Southwest Airlines, 7-Eleven Inc., 7-Eleven Australia, 7-Eleven Japan, Carrefour, Michaels Companies, Inc. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS - Denton, TX January 2019 to Present • Implementation of Reflexis WFM and Time & Attendance System  • Rollout of the system to 4k+ Stores, 14 Distribution Centers and all corporate departments totalling 30k+ users  • Rollout of the Employee Self Service iOS and Android apps to 20k+ users in 4k+ Stores  • Customer Support, system management, administration and troubleshooting level 1,2,3 service tickets, calls  • Product Roadmap creation for future updates as well as current legacy systems decomissioning which leads to data remapping  • Decomissioning of legacy systems (fully and partially)  • Creation and validation of RACI for 8+ departments and production support turnover as well as creation of data flows and integration graphs IT Business Consultant SALLY BEAUTY HOLDINGS March 2018 to January 2019 • Implementation and Rollout of Reflexis Task Management system to 4k+ Stores and corporate departments totalling 25k+ users  • Implementation and Rollout of Reflexis Document Repository system to 25k+ users  • Implementation of xStore POS with main focus on Business Intelligence In Store and Corporate Reporting  • Implementation and Rollout of Store Surveys, Store Walks, Forms  • Reflexis System Administration and systems Integration with legacy and 3rd party solutions, level 1,2,3 support  • Data mapping to 10+ systems, creation of mapping documentation that includes locations, tables, columns, formulas and logic  • Integration feeds troubleshooting and collaboration with development team to apply fixes IT Business Consultant NRI IT SOLUTIONS AMERICA, INC (7-Eleven) - Dallas, TX April 2016 to March 2018 • Establishment of RFI / RFP processes. Established processes provided departments clear guidelines resulting in reduced response time by 35%.  • Participation in various RFI and RFPs from existing and potential clients, providing them with business and technical expertise, and options to achieve the fastest ROI.  • Creation of the Enhancement plan for current clients and assisted the development and Project Management teams in implementing the system enhancements.  The enhancements plan provided up to $4.5 mil in annual savings and enhances day to day operations by cutting the task time in half.  • Performed Market analysis and evaluation of potential clients in North and South America, Europe and Asia.  • Preparation of the detailed SWOT analysis of each targeted client and identified the pain points of their business.  • Assessment of current client's situation by setting up interviews, workshops, questionnaires. Prepared and presented the recommendations and solutions, prepare detailed solution roadmap to drive Business and IT changes.  • Assisted the Client, Development, Project Management and Production Support teams in implementing the solution and resolve any occasional discrepancies.  • Provide guidance for any occurring problems and issues.  • Built training materials and facilitated training workshops for the training department on the client's side. Business Analyst DATASMITH SOLUTIONS GROUP - Dallas, TX February 2016 to September 2017 • Discovery of fuel shrinkage and ways to reduce or eliminate the shinkage  • Performed process analysis and compared the observations with ATA spec (A4A) and API best practices  • Reviewed SWA corporate accounting processes, tank inventory and fuel delivery processes  • Identified gaps and areas for improvement  • Prepared the documentation to close the gaps and tighten fuel accounting Sr. Business Analyst NRI IT SOLUTIONS AMERICA, INC (7-Eleven) September 2014 to April 2016 Facilitation, implementation and rollout of the following projects:  Full SDLC    • BI: Headquarters and Store Information Analysis web based tablet reporting tools  • Business Intelligence Transformation solution EDH solution  • Information Dispatch communication solution between HQ and stores/field  • Inventory Analysis Reporting - Loss prevention driven project  • Promotions Improvements - coupon stacking, in store and corporate promo ladders  • GS1 Barcode implementation - government regulated project  • Product and Recipe Specification - food manufacturing solution  • Database Upgrades - Item and Store data Maintenance, Order Processing, Route and Logistics Management data Maintenance Project Manager/Business Analyst MICHAELS STORES INC - Irving, TX March 2012 to August 2014 Facilitation, implementation and rollout of the following projects:  Full SDLC    • Customer Special Order Solution, Buy Online, Pick up in Store for 3k+ stores  • Payment Device configurations for Special Order solution  • Expedited Shipment solution for customer orders and warehouses  • Expanded Assortment solution - ordering system  • Database Upgrade - Oracle Retail Merchandise System from v6 to v12 Education Master of Business Administration in International Business VIRGINIA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY - Fairfax, VA Bachelor & Master of Public Relations and Advertising in Political Campaign Management, Journalism INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS - Yekaterinburg, RU Skills DATA MAPPING, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, GAP ANALYSIS, Outlook, Word, Microsoft Project, Customer Service, Maintenance, budget, Scheduling, Estimating, Excel, testing, Business Intelligence, access, MS Office Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Project Methodologies: Waterfall and Agile.  • WFM / HR systems: Reflexis (WFM, T&A), Lawson, Kronos.  • BI systems: Microstrategy v9, v10, Teradata v16, Tableau, Alteryx, Oracle xAdmin, xOffice.  • Master systems / Databases: AS400, Oracle v8, v9, v10, Custom homegrown systems.  • POS system: Oracle xStore  • Merchandising systems: Oracle RMS v6, v12  • Requirement Management systems: JIRA, Rally, Rational Requisite Pro, SRX.  • Defect Tracking systems: JIRA, Rational Clear Quest, HP Quality Center, SRX, CHAMPS.  • Business Applications: MS Project, Access, SharePoint, Visio, PowerPoint, Excel etc.  • Testing systems: Mercury Quality Center, Quick TestPro, WinRunner, LoadRunner  • Other systems: Shoppertrak, Pega, ServiceNow, MobileIron, SQL Server, SQL Developer.    OTHER SKILLS:    • Gathering of complex Business and System Requirements and Technical Specifications, Sprint Planning  • Capturing Detailed Meeting Notes and Action Items and follow-up with responsible parties  • Creation of BRD, FRD, Basic Design, Technical Design and Requirements Traceability Matrix  • Data mapping to current and legacy systems  • Creation of As-Is and To-Be diagrams, GAP Analysis  • Creation of User Stories, Use Cases, Test Scenarios, UAT scenarios, Score Cards and facilitation of UAT  • System Administration and UI configuration  • Creation of system Mock-ups, Screen Notes, Data Dictionary, Run Book and App Book.  • Production Support turnover and training of end users  • Supervision of third party implementors and offshore teams    • Languages: Russian - Fluent, Spanish - Intermediate.  • Authorized to work in the USA without restrictions.  • Avid Salsa, Bachata, Merengue dancer, piano player and painter.