MBA Intern, Global Logistics MBA Intern, Global Logistics Ex-Amazonian & Automotive Expert | MBA & MA in Industrial Research & Post-Master's Certificate in Marketing San Francisco, CA Amazonian | Cross-functional Professional (Supply Chain, Entrepreneurship, and Marketing) | Value Chain Entrepreneur Multinational Leadership (Taiwan, China, and U.S.A.) | Researcher on Mobility as a Service | Sharing Economy Experts Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience MBA Intern, Global Logistics Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZL) December 2018 to February 2019 ? Acted as a PM role with the management team in the area of the cross-border projects, global fulfillment service, quantitative pricing strategy, and scaling plan in the user portal for achieving 95% on-time-delivery rate as Amazon’s core competency   ? Conducted the pilot plan of super warehouse & drop-off solution with the cross-functional team between Amazon Global Selling and Amazon Global Logistics for improving the synergy Advisor (Director-level), Sales & Marketing Zheng-Lao Lin Hotpot, Ho's Restaurant January 2016 to August 2016 ? Innovated 20 years of a family-owned restaurant by creating a digital marketing program, increasing gross profits by 30% YoY Project Manager, Aftersales Service Luxgen Motor, Yulon Group (TW:2201) January 2013 to January 2016 A holding company of Taiwan’s first auto brand Luxgen and of China’s automaker Dongfeng (Forbes #598) Yulon Motor  ? Led a 20-person cross-functional team of a joint venture and maximized Yulon’s profit by negotiating with Dongfeng’s team  ? Upgraded 152 dealers’ services by extending the value chain with motor-related business, including used car, auction, flexible financing option, extended warranty insurance, key account leasing, car rental package, and value-added accessories, increasing aftermarket’s gross profits by 43%YoY and strengthening Luxgen 7’s residual value as the Top SUV among self-owned brands  ? Analyzed the trends in the auto industry, predicted future customer behavior, and further implemented these findings and results as Yulon’s 5-year plans, including 3 new subsidiaries for the high-growth rental, car auction, auto finance markets Sales Manager & Project Executive, Retail Operations Taikoo Motors, Swire Pacific (HK:0019) July 2011 to December 2012 A subsidiary of 200 years diversified group Swire Pacific (Forbes #491) and Taiwan's largest automotive distributor/dealerships  ? Built Taiwan’s 1st solution team in the auto industry to customize the company car solutions for key accounts and led 4 B2B salespersons to achieve the annual target of 120 cars in the first month  ? Planned 133 points checklist for Das WeltAuto pre-owned car program and executed this Standard Operating Procedure in Volkswagen AG dealer networks (30 showrooms and 25 workshops), increasing dealers’ used car replacement rate by 30% and website traffic by 177%  ? Launched Taikoo Premium used cars as the spinoff brand for expanding the luxury car market, contributing 10% net profit margin as the main business after Taikoo Motors lost Volkswagen distribution rights  ? Promoted Taikoo Sales team by proposing talent competency report to Towers Watson Business Competition; won “Top Sales Award” championship IT Project Coordinator, Strategic Partnership Group Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) March 2010 to April 2010 ? Diagnosed a launched personal finance software for 5 Chinese-speaking countries by using linguistic and user interface review Education Master's in Business Administration Lehigh University - Bethlehem, PA August 2017 to May 2019 Master's in Industrial Research National Taiwan University August 2007 to December 2009 Bachelor's in Political Science National Cheng-chi University August 2003 to May 2007 Skills shipping, Logistics, inventory, Excel Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/chengchunho Military Service Branch: 1st Mechanized Infantry Battalion, Guandu Area Command Service Country: Taiwan Rank: Lieutenant As a company commander (Lieutenant) in Taiwanese Reserve Infantry, I was responsible for the daily operation of the 128-person mechanized infantry company, including a 50-square-meter workshop (equal to 538-square footages), 16 CM-21 Armored Vehicles (prototyped by the US Army's model M113 APC), an AM General Humvee (High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle), and 20 driving/maintenance soldiers.  • Led 128 soldiers in the infantry and promoted to 1st lieutenant as Captain Commander due to the combat readiness evaluation Awards Top Sales Award, Towers Watson Business Competition 2010 • Promoted Taikoo Sales team by proposing talent competency report to Towers Watson Business Competition; won “Top Sales Award” championshi Certifications/Licenses Certificate: Program in Post-Master's International Marketing at International Trade Institute January 2015 to Present The Taiwan External Trade Development Council is entrusted by the Bureau of Foreign Trade of the Ministry of Economic Affairs to handle the "Post-Master's International Marketing Program", with international marketing as the mainstay of the professional training of economic and trade courses, providing a half-year period of 210 hours of intensive training. Publications Independent Innovation and Industrial Innovation Systems of Auto Industry in China http://www.airitilibrary.com/Publication/alDetailedMesh1?DocID=U0001-2701201017102200 2010 In the past, the studies on the automobile industry always are focused on the management of learning, and most tend to micro-case studies, such as business or marketing strategy. The studies on the macroscopic scale are relatively few, in particular, which is to explore the industrial policy in developing countries.    Thus, this research focuses on the problem of " industrial innovation system in China's automobile industry to improve their lack of industry innovation", and I hope, through interpretation the concept of "independent innovation" and "industrial innovation system", will provide a mechanism design for automobile industrial policy in developing countries.    The research approach adopted a comparative analysis and system analysis. By comparison China's automobile industry, the course of development, different stages of industry, technology, policy thinking, to clarify that the importance of "independent innovation"; in addition, the government play a role in "industrial innovation system" to integration is also change from the past, which directly leading become to indirect support functions.    Finally, to assess the level of independent innovation on current enterprise in China's automobile industry, through on the self-owned brand, technologies and products of independent intellectual property rights and independent innovation capability to describe the three major elements of industrial innovation system in China's automobile industry, included how to improve the innovation of its industry, and short-term structural problems which can't be improved. Additional Information Dear recruitment team,    As a cross-functional professional who has 6-year management experience, 100 people military leadership, 3 countries work-life experience, 3 master-level educational backgrounds (MBA & MA in Industrial Research & Post-Master's Certificate in Marketing), and cross-border eCommerce acumen(ex-Amazonian), I am the most suitable candidate that fulfills your company to the next level.    My pre-MBA experience focused more on new business development & project portfolio management in the automotive industry, which drove me to have cross-functional communication & negotiation skills with suppliers, dealers, target customers, and stakeholders. During the time I was responsible for the after-sales strategy, I am good at launching the businesses from scratch, with a financial forecast, for helping the dealership to increase the value and productivity. Specifically, I assisted to build and took a certain degree of P&L responsibilities, including 2 new products (premium used car & B2B sales/corporate solutions as a sales manager) and 3 joint-ventures (finance, accessory & car auction), for achieving the long-term business target under the extremely limited resource and intensive schedule in the past few years, those advantages I made for the previous employers still are the core business to meet customer needs even until today. It is worth mentioning that I also bring the experience I cultivated from China for contributing the US, when I help 10 Chinese students to trade their used cars and launch Lehigh's first car-sharing group of 150-person Chinese student.    The strengths I own are not limited to the auto industry. I did my MBA intern in the project management office of Amazon Global Logistics this winter. The project I involved in was the key to assure that our Prime members keep enjoying their 2-day delivery around the US as Amazon’s core competency. To be more specific, I needed to analyze the data from CRM survey through the qualitative and quantitative manner, and then transfer those raw materials to the legible insight for making the feasible improvement plans continuously. I also had to track the improvement progress with the cross-functional team for improving the customer experience of FBA (fulfillment by Amazon) seller by leveraging Amazon’s cross-border logistics networks and offering one-stop shopping experience within the seller central directly, showing my management skills of combining the MBA acumen with the real-world practice once again.    As you can see, I strongly believe that my academic background along with my professional experience provides a solid foundation for your consideration. I hereby sincerely invite you to review my application for the next step of the recruitment process. At the same time, I am glad to discuss my credentials more thoroughly if you could give me a-cup-coffee-time via 518-256-0587 in further. Much appreciate your consideration again.    Sincerely,   ChengChun (James), Ho