IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Oxnard, CA • Motivated, team-oriented Senior IT Technician with hands on experience in successful implementation of service requests, hardware repair, and helpdesk operations.  • Enthusiastic leader experienced in demanding, fast-paced IT project environments; proven to place precedence on customer satisfaction.  • 5+ years of successful IT Help Desk and Desktop Technical support  • 5+ years as an IT Field Technician  • Ability to handle multiple tasks and solve customer queries efficiently  • Possess excellent monitoring and supervisory skills  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician Elite Metal Finishing - Oxnard, CA June 2018 to Present • Troubleshot and solved client issues and made improvements to systems to avoid future issues  • Perform desktop support for entire company ad part of a two man team.  • Maintained local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops using Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Barracuda); VPN; Remote Desktop Connections; VMWare; Exchange Server; Office 2003-2016; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP. Helpdesk Tier I Sage Network & Communications - Camarillo, CA April 2018 to June 2018 • Answered phones and emails, providing excellent customer service; evaluating requests from clients and assigning tickets to the best available resource.    • Troubleshot and solved client issues and made improvements to systems to avoid future issues    • Used ConnectWise Control, Manage, and Automate to generate tickets, remotely assist clients, and perform general administration of client systems.    • Maintained local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops using Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Barracuda); VPN; Remote Desktop Connections; VMWare; Exchange Server; Office 2003-2016; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP. IT Project Manager Pacific Aire, Inc - Camarillo, CA September 2017 to February 2018 • Installed and performed repairs to hardware, software and peripheral equipment, following design and installation specifications.  • Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems while providing technical assistance and support.  • Maintained local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops using Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Barracuda); VPN; Remote Desktop Connections; VMWare; Exchange Server; Office 2003-2016; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP.  • Managed IT project by overseeing at attending to: Planning and Defining Scope, Activity Planning and Sequencing, Resource Planning, Developing Schedules, Time Estimating, Cost Estimating, Creating Charts and Schedules, Risk Analysis, Managing Risks and Issues, Monitoring and Reporting Progress, Team Leadership, Strategic Influencing, Working with Vendors, Scalability, Controlling Quality Lead Tech / Shop Manager Geek Garage - Cheyenne, WY August 2015 to December 2016 • Answered user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation; set up equipment for employment use.  • Installed and performed repairs to hardware, software and peripheral equipment, following design and installation specifications.  • Conducted computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems while providing technical assistance and support.  • Maintained local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops using Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Barracuda); VPN; Remote Desktop Connections; VMWare; Exchange Server; Office 2003-2016; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP. Field Tech (AERO Installer) IBM January 2016 to April 2016 • Set up equipment for employee use.  • Answered user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation.  • Installed and performed repairs to hardware, software and peripheral equipment, following designs and installation specifications through use of Exchange Servers; Office 2013; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP System Admin/ Direct Support Staff C.H.A.T - Cheyenne, WY January 2014 to August 2015 • Oversaw local IT infrastructure including servers, security, networking, storage systems and desktops using Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Barracuda).  • Assisted clients in day-to-day activities while maintaining system functions in coordination with needed actions. Education University of Wyoming 2008 to 2012 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (3 years), DHCP (3 years), DNS (3 years), Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Tech Support Additional Information Technical Skills  • Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS, Linux, Android, IOS    • Software/Hardware Expertise: Active Directory; DNS/DHCP; LAN/WAN/VLAN; Routing/Switching (Cisco); Firewalls (SonicWALL, Cisco ASA, Barracuda); VPN; Remote Desktop Connections; VMWare; Exchange Server; Office 2003-2016; Cloud Services (MS Azure, Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive); VOIP    • Troubleshooting: Advanced server maintenance (Windows and Linux); Network communication and connection issues; hard-drive wipes; formatting and partitioning; repair and replacement of miscellaneous hardware; machine re-imaging; software installation; running, tracing, toning network cables; diagnosing printers, scanners and other network peripherals.