JCPenney Sales Associate, Assistant Manager JCPenney Sales Associate, Assistant <span class="hl">Manager</span> Customer Service Associate & Market Analyst Woodhaven, NY • Skilled in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel.  • Experienced in customer service  • Financial markets analyst and trader  • Flexible, able and willing to learn new things.  • Bilingual in Spanish Work Experience JCPenney Sales Associate, Assistant Manager JCPenney Corp. - Elmhurst, NY Present ·        Manage the daily running of the business; opening & closing procedures  ·        Delivering excellent customer service at all time by going above our means to ensure customers walk out with 100% satisfaction.  ·        Help customers to make a good selection of clothes and provided the necessary information to help customers.  ·        Carried out transaction effectively and politely and where necessary whilst operating cash IT Project Manager CUNY LaGuardia Community College - Long Island City, NY September 2014 to June 2017 ·        Prepared reports, inventory and manage smart room schedules using Control Room System  ·        Worked together with the management team to fix software issues in labs  ·        Performed installation and update to all CUNY school computers  ·        Checked smart rooms to ensure the proper functioning Cashier Associate Rite Aid Pharmacy - Elmhurst, NY October 2011 to January 2012 Worked as a team member performing cashier duties, product assistance and cleaning.  Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom.  Created attractive displays of merchandise in store windows and on the sales floor to increase  customers and sales.  Helped costumer to find the right item they needed  Provided information about different items in the store.  Answered questions from costumers and kept store looking good. Education Associate in Business Administration LaGuardia Community College - Long Island City, NY September 2015 to June 2016 Bachelor's in Economics and Finance Queens College - Flushing, NY Skills Microsoft programs and browsers. (4 years), Market Analysis (1 year), Trading Analysis (1 year), Amazon Dropshipping (1 year)