IT Project Manager ( Contract ) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> ( Contract ) IT Project Manager ( Contract ) - Healthix Work Experience IT Project Manager ( Contract ) Healthix - New York, NY April 2019 to Present Worked on Health Information Data Exchange HUB TLS/SSL connection as well as VPN and other web service platform Agile/Waterfall based projects, total of 30 at one given time. Using Salesforce and Quickbase, managed over 10 Electronic Medical Record ( EMR ) Implementation portfolios that were existing continuative projects. Developed project scopes of 1 month to 1 year scopes using powerpoint and other MS suites. Analyzed all the data flows being established and analyzed the patient data inbound ensuring data expectations were being met, that were in project scope. Coordinated project tasks with Web interface engineers/network engineers and planned IT implementations for SSO across existing connections with different HUB sites. Technical Project Manager ( Contract position) Voicebrook Inc - Lake Success, NY March 2018 to April 2019 Executed Healthcare software implementation agile/waterfall based projects. Overlooked and ensured test plans were prepared, written and executed ensuring validation of software being implemented as well as data flow. Developed PowerPoints and presentations for key stake holders on project plans and methodology of technical execution. Analyze and develop scopes of projects alongside with risk management of the project. Used MS Projects, Google Suites, Salesforce Doc and JIRA to correlate project requests and monitor cost and duration of project lifecycle. Delegate and works with three sub teams of 7 ( total is 21), implementation team, support team and solution delivery team. Technical Service Project Manager ( Contract Position ) Asurion Warranty Logistics - New York, NY April 2017 to March 2018 Managed several different waterfall based projects that were software implementation and hardware deployment with various scopes suited for the newly developed service and repair department for T-Mobile and Sprint Store across Queens/Brooklyn and Long Island. Managed numerous vendors and coordinated hardware deployment for desktops, routers, laptops, workbenches and access points; As well as software implementations such as E-ticket used for transaction workflow in T-Mobile and Sprint Stores; Used Salesforce/ MS projects to document and manage each project. Associate Project Manager Intern ( Contract) Northwell-Health Hospital - New York, NY April 2016 to June 2017 Assisted senior project manager with Agile/Waterfall based large IT- related projects, such as deployments of Health Information system (HIS) software for medical suites; Developed budgets and project plans for high end valued project budgets between 100,000$ to 1,000,000$; Ensured all patient data being pulled into new HIS was validated and secured. Managed and updated Executive management on project status through CA Clarity; Presented project plans an technical methodologies for deliveries of tasks through PowerPoint to vendors and Executive Management Demonstration Sales Project Coordinator Club Demonstration Services - New York, NY January 2015 to February 2016 Planned and Coordinated product demonstration events inside BJ's and Costco's wholesale clubs. Monitored service hours and budgets for all demonstrations as well as product usage. Developed PowerPoints, presentations and events to illustrate product use by correlating with the needs of customers. Communicated between vendors and district event project management team with budgets, deadlines and existing project needs. Associate IT Project Manager Intern Club Demonstration Services - Norwalk, CT June 2015 to December 2015 Communicate project information to stakeholders, design templates, create presentations, review and edit project deliverables and maintain the project information repository. Worked with senior project manager to develop budget plans and created IT infrastructures for new sites and clients in the region that were opening up and joining the company. Coordinated purchases and sets with vendors in regards to hardware/software and set up. Education Master of Science in Internet Technology Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems - New York, NY December 2019 Bachelors of Science in Business Management Pace University, Seidenberg School of Computer Science and Information Systems - New York, NY May 2018 Groups FIRST Robotics Team August 2012 to Present Performed as the electrical team lead for Team robot   Worked with a team of 7+ members to construct and execute a remote controlled Robot to compete in Jacob Javitz Center FIRST Robotics Competition.   Responsible for Electrical design and Electrical Repair of designated Robot used for Competition and responsible for electrical repair during competition when the Robot is competing.   Managed all budgets and parts inventory for Robot construction.   Responsible for assigning responsibilities and duties for team members that were designing Robot.