IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Front End Web Developer - IT Technician Gardena, CA I have graduated the Higher Diploma in Software Engineering (HDSE) at the FPT-APTECH with grade of excellence. With knowledge getting about HTML, CSS, Javascript, C#, ASP.net and SQL Server and Java from school and 4 years’ working experience from some company, I also have been self-educated about bootstrap, React and Angular. I believe that I can do good job if I have opportunity to work in your company. If you have question, please send me a email and I'll be happy to get back to you.  Bon Tran  bontran88@gmail.com  (626) 899-8522  Authorized to work in United States Work Experience IT Technician Corovan - Fullerton, CA March 2019 to Present • Set up workstations with Window OS, Mac OS and necessary peripheral devices (routers, switch, printers etc.)  • Install and configure appropriate software and functions according to specifications  • Assembling PC hardware, installation, configuring and troubleshooting.  • Knowledge of the following web related languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript or ASP.NET  • Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.  • Provide accurate information on IT products or services.  • Troubleshoot hardware and software issues in person, remotely and via phone Developer FPT Software - Ho Chi Minh January 2010 to January 2012 • SAP.ABAP Developer  • Support to create Reports, Layouts  • Embed and Export ASP.net & ABAP  • ASP.net Website Development Web Developer/ Project Manager TinLong Tech - Ho Chi Minh, Viet Nam January 2008 to January 2010 • C#, ASP.net, SQL Server, CSS, HTML, Javascript.  • Hiring - Project Management  • Support Team & fix bug  • Performance for project Education Associate in Engineering FPT-APTECH November 2008 Skills HTML, CSS, Javascript, ASP.NET, SQL Server, C# (3 years), Javascript, HTML, jQuery, Bootstrap (1 year), React (1 year) Links http://linkedin.com/in/phung-tran-44906561 Certifications/Licenses Higher Diploma in Software Engineering September 2008 to Present Graphic Design for Web February 2009 to Present Basic Photoshop and Flash for web. PC Hardware February 2010 to Present Fix/Repair Computer Driver's License Additional Information Work Independently  Team-working  Photoshop  Leadership  Fast learner  Data Analytics  Organization  IT Technician  Hardware  Office Software