Contract Sr. Project Manager (Comcast) Contract Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Comcast) Sr. Project Manager Atlanta, GA Full-cycle project manager specialized in simultaneously executing Agile (SAFe)/Scrum, Waterfall, and hybrid projects budgeted up to $2M. Comfortable engaging stakeholders at every level from individual contributors to executive leaders, vendors, and customers. Excellent communicator, quick study, and proven results driven leader. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Contract Sr. Project Manager (Comcast) Brooksource - Atlanta, GA June 2019 to July 2019 • Led multiple projects simultaneously varying in size and complexity supporting Central Division IT, Technical Operations, and Sales backend Application Development.  • Partnered with Business Analyst and App Dev Management to manage Backlog Grooming, Business Requirements Documentation, coordinating/prioritizing User Stories/Tasks, and Testing (UAT/RT).  • Responsible for managing and controlling all phases of deliverable: including Scope, Schedule, Stakeholder Engagement, Change Management, developing project artifacts/documents (Charter, Project Plan, Assumptions/Constraints, Risks/Issues, RACI, etc.  • Led team meetings, facilitating Discovery, Resource Assignment, and Employee Communications. Contract Project Manager ETE SDLC (IBM) International Systems Technologies, Inc - Jonesboro, GA July 2016 to February 2017 • Led multiple hybrid SAFe/Waterfall projects simultaneously varying in size and complexity supporting IBM and AT&T back-end systems requiring 20+ applications with Code, Table Update, and Test Support interdependencies to deliver enhancements and/or new features across shared network environments, serving as Scrum of Scrums Master for projects impacting 1 - 5 applications, and partnering with Scrum Master for projects impacting five or more applications.  • Served as liaison between IBM Delivery Teams, key project stakeholders, and the client (AT&T). Maintained project deliverables tracking performance with weekly status reporting of all assigned projects in IBM and AT&T proprietary PMIS. Managed and controlled IBM Performance Measurement Baseline, Communication, Risks, and Stakeholder Engagement.  • Managed project budget including cost estimate reviews, budget determination, and Change Requests (CR) with client approval/rejection. Coordinated impact assessments with development team, partnered with Test Planner to manage testing (ORT, BST/IST, UAT), and Release Management in alignment with deployment schedule.  • Initiated and hosted meetings covering IBM and AT&T best practices, tools, techniques, procedures, processes, and workflows. Developed reporting tool using MS OneNote to track projects which improved program level reporting. Contract IT Project Manager (Chick-fil-A) North Highland Company - College Park, GA May 2015 to December 2015 • Liaison between client and IT Manage Services provider facilitating VMware Hypervisor ESX 4.x to 5.x Upgrade replacing 675+ Virtual Machines on 80+ Hosts in 12 Clusters to increase network scalability. Managed and controlled Scope and Schedule, Communications, Risks, and Stakeholder Engagement to successfully completing project to plan. Planned and managed implementation schedule, participated in deployment events, tracked and communicated success/failure, documenting failure event root cause, resolution plan, and successful completion.  • Led Private Wi-Fi deployment project installing/upgrading network at multiple restaurants.  • Led development of Restaurant Network Balanced Scorecard, and Change Request process improvement efforts.  • Led Employee Mobile Device Program to develop policy and procedures documentation providing leadership a summary of recommendations. Contract Program Manager (AT&T) North Highland Company - Atlanta, GA May 2014 to January 2015 Project Constitution:  • Led Communications Management for delivery of Home Solutions CARE assets included in $2B divestiture ensuring Buyer satisfaction and adherence to government regulated requirements for a seamless transition.  • Facilitated Buyer reviews representing Home Solutions CARE at Divestiture Mgmt. Office meetings.    VP Home Solutions Broadband Products Portfolio - Capital Planning Team:  • Designed and built standard SharePoint site to automate Sr. Product Managers' project tracking and reporting process.  • Analyzed Cost Estimates to verify budget baseline against actual cost/allocations for reporting to executive leadership. IT Project Manager World Changers Church International - College Park, GA August 2013 to April 2014 CRM Implementation:  • Led release management overseeing planning, design, testing.  • Managed project deliverables, created Use Cases, led meetings with overseas stakeholders, tracked and reported performance.  • Completed Agile and Scrum training covering Planning, Flow, and Implementation principles.    PMO Formation & Implementation:  • Drafted Charter and Project Plan for PMO.  • Designed Project Management/PMO curriculum based in PMI's PMBOK to educate staff on project management principles.    IT Services Virtual Front Door:  • Re-engineered ServiceNow to effectively capture performance data, and enhance the end user experience.  • Redefined and segmented department service types, increased IT knowledge base, and developed the department brand.  • Reported operational performance. Six Sigma Black Belt AT&T Services Inc - Sandy Springs, GA September 2012 to August 2013 • Led short and long-range DMAIC/DMADV projects within the CARE and Mobility Organizations.  • Gathered, measured, and analyzed data for establishing operational performance baseline, determining practical solutions, and improving operations. Identified improvement opportunities working with Senior Executives and Area Managers to create projects and acquire resources.  • Assisted Area Managers in developing skills in performance standards and metrics for removing organizational barriers that impede individual staff performance, and consulting on the quality of work performed by Regional Green Belts. Education BS in International Management Golden Gate University - San Francisco, CA Skills Atlassian (Jira, Confluence), Microsoft (Office 365, Project, Smartsheets, Teams, Sharepoint, OneNote, PowerPoint, Visio, Excel), Cisco Webex, Skype for Business