Job Seeker Technical Assistant Engineer, Project Manager San Jose, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cisco Systems, Inc October 2018 to Present Working in development of Access points with different technical specifications involving design review, costing and test development plans. It includes collaboration with the Software and Hardware Engineers to work on different domains of the product so that they are ready for the Certification Testing and technical paperwork later. Technical Assistant Engineer, Project Manager Cisco Systems, Inc September 2018 to Present I am responsible to prevent compliance issues for various networking/telecommunication hardware products by collaborating with Engineering planning and design teams. I work with the team to review design data by identifying and resolving product and engineering  design issues. It involves engaging with Component Engineering & Hardware engineering to influence on component selection, process efficiency, and design changes.  • For new products, I work with design (hardware and mechanical), process, test and reliability engineering to solve problems and ensure cost avoidance and quality at FCS.  • I am assisting the Regulatory Compliance Specialist technically in different projects related to Access points and Wireless Controllers. There are many project meetings and discussion on various domain related to Hardware / Software changes required for the products.  • I work on the Pre-Pilot units to get the firmware updated on the unit through tftp server using putty software. We have to image the units as per the international country requirements to do certification testing on the sample products.  • We do Safety, EMC (Electromagnetic Compatibility) and radio testing at the Cisco Compliance Certification Lab before the product is ready to be manufactured and start with the production so that they are out in market for sale. There is technical paperwork, BOM structuring and risk management involved in making of any networking hardware products. It also includes working on the test reports and following up with team to work on the hardware or software issues if the units fail the test. Cisco Systems, Inc September 2018 to Present Helping and working with Compliance Engineers in different International countries with the test setup of different products to do certification testing / paperwork once all of the EMC, Radio and Safety testing are done at the respective Cisco labs. Wireless Controllers September 2018 to Present Working in development of Wireless Controllers with different technical specifications involving design review and product documentation. It includes working with the Software and Hardware teams to have the products ready for certification testing and technical paperwork later. IT Engineer, California, USA Basic Resources, Inc April 2017 to September 2018 • Provided technical support for networking hardware including router and wireless access point. Monitored backup systems and procedures to ensure data security using LogicMonitor Tool.  • Developed and provided user training for basic hardware and software use for various OS like Windows & MAC. Assist users in determining appropriate software solutions to meet needs. Working on all Windows Platform including Windows Server 2012 R2 & Operating Systems.  • Consulted with vendors, perform research and evaluate products to assist in the selection and purchase of equipment, installation or upgrade of systems. Worked on ERP System Software (Vista by Viewponit), including functionalities in finance & distribution modules.  • Participated in internal Team Decision meetings to evaluate customer opportunity to discern if fit for Company based on ideal customer criteria. Active Directory, Server Basic Resources, Inc July 2017 to March 2018 BRI, 07/17 - 03/18  I was part of this project in IT Team of nine colleagues to minimize business risk to the organization. Secured the enterprise utilizing Active Directory, Server 2003, Citrix, and Microsoft Terminal Services to provide critical business application delivery to several divisions.  We collaborated with vendors like Microsoft, Citrix, Dell, and Symantec to optimize functionality. Education Master of Science in Electrical Engineering University at Buffalo, The State University of New York May 2017 to May 2017 Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics Engineering Mumbai University July 2013 to July 2013 Skills DHCP, TCP, TCP/IP, DNS, NETWORKING, WIRELESS, SSL, MATLAB, ETHERNET, HTTP, SHAREPOINT, C++, PYTHON, LINUX, UDP, ASSEMBLY, PCB ASSEMBLY, ANALYZER, FABRICATION, COST CONTROL Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/karan-balkrishna-adap Additional Information Skills  Project Management: Scheduling, Cost Control, Risk Management, Scrum, Agile, Leadership, Methodologies, Shipping.  Programming Languages: C++, MATLAB, Python, Shell.  Tools/Platforms: AWS (Cloud Computing), Windows, Linux, Logic Analyzer, Oscilloscope, CAD.  Office Skills: Microsoft Office Applications, Outlook365, Sharepoint, Smartsheet.  Networking Technologies: TCP/IP, UDP, DHCP, DNS, Ethernet, HTTP, SSL, OSI Model.  Hardware/Software: Wireless Controllers, Access Points, PCB Fabrication, PCB Assembly.  Standards: FCC, ISED, ANATEL, WPC, ACMA/EESS, SRRC, EMC regulations, EU, UL/CE