Data Architect Data Architect Business Intelligence Architect Sugar Land, TX JP Morgan Chase (2019 - Current)  Data Architect Work Experience Data Architect JPMorgan Chase - Houston, TX February 2019 to Present • Designed and implemented database migration strategy for SQL Server 2008 to 2016 upgrade.   • Designed and implement strategy to convert SQL Jobs to Pentaho Data Integrator ETL process  • Created standard and guidelines for Linked Server retirement  • Created analysis reports to identified unused LinkedServers and Store Procedures.  • Designed and implemented Enterprise Password Vault password expiry notification system  • Created automated notification email system to notify users before their password expired and after their password was reset  • Reduced the risk of application accounts locked out by 25%  • Design infrastructure data warehouse for SRE  • Use Erwin to design data model  • Design data warehouse and collection standards for different infrastructure data from various infrastructures such as ESX, Solidfire, ScaleIO, ECS, and EMC for reporting purpose.  • Created automated telemetry reports for executives to make infrastructure decisions such as CPU and Memory usages for VMs, Network Storages, and Network Racks    Business Intelligence Architect RLI Insurance 2016 to 2019 Key Projects  • Lead and coordinated SAP Business Object BI Platform upgrade from BOE 3.1 to 4.2 SP3  • Designed and implemented data migration strategy for SQL Server 2008 to 2016 upgrade.  * Designed and implemented data strategy to split the existing data warehouse into a staging database and a data warehouse. Optimized data warehouse and staging database by removing unnecessary collation, indexes, and implemented new data storage strategy.  * Converted SSRS Reports to SAP Web intelligence  * Designed strategy to convert SSIS ETL processes to Informatica Power Center  * Designed and implementing data strategy to convert SAP Data Integration ETL process to Informatica Power Center  • Designed Universe UNV to UNX conversion strategy for SAP  * Designed cost effective conversion strategy to covert over 10,000 reports across 10 different universes.  * Define conversion standards that promote common terminologies across different universes  • Worked with business partners to develop Business Intelligence reports requirements and develop reports using PowerBI, SAP Web Intelligence, and SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)  * Used Information Design Tool (IDT) for creating the universes from multiple data sources  * Used SAP Lumira and Web Intelligence to create interactive reports and dashboards  • Participated and designed the report strategy on the migration of Sharepoint from 2013 to Sharepoint in Office 365. IT Project Manager / Data warehouse architect Caterpillar Inc. - Peoria, IL 2014 to 2015 Key Projects  • Technical Lead "Conflict Minerals" Regulatory Compliance IT Development Project  • Led developers on application development projects using Agile methodology and created functional and technical requirements. Managed project documents using SharePoint.  * Gathered requirements from stakeholders to develop project charter and scope documents.  * Managed project documents using SharePoint.  ? Provided weekly project status updates to stakeholders and executive team on all project status, recommended solutions to operational issues within the project.  ? Conducted resource and project planning on IT staffing using Primavera.  ? Created project requirements and instructed/mentored developers on development tasks.  ? Managed System Integration Test (SIT), Business Integration Test (BIT), User Acceptance Test (UAT), and Functional Unit Testing (FUT) during software development and delivered product on time and budget.  ? Acted as liaison between external suppliers and stakeholders and communicated requirements.  * Ensured external suppliers delivered requirement on target dates.  * Oversaw all steps of the project including closing and sign off with stakeholders.  ? Perform ETL, Data Normalization, De-normalization using Oracle, .Net, Excel and Access  ? Worked with Master Data team to create data reports using data visualization via Tableau  • Longview Corporate Performance Management (CPM) and Business Intelligence (BI) software implementation.  ? Led the team that provided enterprise software support to 250+ enterprise users across eight countries.  ? Based on customer requirements, created reports and CPM applications in a multi-dimensional database. Education Master in Computer Science Texas A&M University Bachelor in Computer Engineering Texas A&M University Skills Data Warehouse, ETL Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacky-lam-pmp-34363438