IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Interpublic Group Ralston, NE Ambitious & Energetic IT Professional with a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects. Experienced in project and program management, team building, business analysis, and software development life cycles. Strengths include the ability to use critical thinking, collaboration and motivation to drive change. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Interpublic Group - Omaha, NE January 2017 to Present As an IT Project Manager, I am the primary liaison between the Corporate Groups and Corporate IT Development teams, technical integration teams and third Party Vendors. I am responsible for documenting the current business processes and technical applications and collaborating with our clients to identify and develop new system solutions to support the business requirements. I advocate for the user community, support all projects, and identified solutions through development life-cycle activities. I have the luxury of working closely with corporate leadership and users to understand the current state of information available in our enterprise systems and then identify future needs and potential solutions based on the analysis of information requirements and current-state environments. SAP Client Service Analyst Interpublic Group - Ralston, NE July 2015 to January 2017 I worked directly with the agencies to understand their needs from SAP. Together with the technical team, we were able to build the business requirements requested, providing the client what they need. I was instrumental in testing the enhancements and writing business documents. I also helped to create several business processes for the Client Service team to enhance productivity and accountability for all regions. SAP Implementation Specialist SHRED-IT - Omaha, NE November 2013 to July 2015 In my positions as a SAP Implementation Specialist for Shred- it I worked on a project team of 15 people across North America. I traveled to 10 branches and individually trained and supported their needs following a merger. I worked to learn what would help them acclimate to our new culture, of being better together. I ensure all of their clients converted over to the new Order to Cash program. It was my job to make sure all clients were serviced regardless of the background transitions. Customer Care Specialist OMAHA STEAKS - Omaha, NE 2011 to 2015 At Omaha Steaks I provide telephone, online customer service/support within a high-volume call centers (handling an average of 120 calls and 50 internet inquiries daily), managed customer databases, communicate and coordinate with internal departments. Annually trained their seasonal employees. Education Some college Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (8 years), PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (6 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (3 years), SDLC (6 years), Project Management (6 years), Microsoft Project (6 years), Outlook (9 years), Scheduling (7 years), budget (2 years), Estimating (2 years), Word (9 years) Additional Information Skills Summary  • Communication  • Change Management  • Process Improvement    • Customer Service  • Project Management  • Organization