IT Support <span class="hl">IT</span> Support IT Support - Swagit Productions LLC Sachse, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Swagit Productions LLC - Dallas, TX April 2019 to Present Monitored systems in operation and input commands to troubleshoot.  Uploaded new software, rolled out updates and applied patches to servers.  Broke down and evaluated user problems using test scripts, personal expertise and probing questions.  Retained existing clients and developed new accounts by extending high quality and efficient support  service.  Engaged end users and answered questions via email, phone, website live chat and in forums.  Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.  Explained technical information in clear terms to non-technical individuals to promote better  understanding.  Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic  troubleshooting tasks.  Worked with software development team on reported errors and bugs on newly released software and assisted in deployment of release fixes.  Demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with customers while working to resolve complaints, problems or respond to questions.  Collaborated with vendors to locate replacement components and resolve advanced problems.  Increased sales by educating prospects on benefits of products and services in comparison to competitors.  Created support documentation that empowered and enabled user community to extend skills, leverage  system features and find resolutions to questions without intervention from support team.  Followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem resolution. Audio Visual Technician NTC - Dallas, TX July 2011 to Present Monitored and repaired audio, video, control systems and video conferencing equipment.  Led crew of audio-video installation team members.  Correctly read and interpreted audio-visual diagrams.  Provided troubleshooting techniques in integrating professional audio/video systems.  Handled all field audio mixing for many productions per years.  Installed CCTV systems, background/foreground music systems and drive-through intercom systems in my church.  Interpreted technical data from drawings, blueprints, schematics and service manuals.  Pulled and terminated a variety of cables.  Completed and oversaw rack fabrication.  Tested and repaired system circuit boards to component level using a variety of instruments.  Provided audio mixing and recording expertise to field and studio-based productions.  Captured and recorded audio using standard field audio equipment.  Set up, maintained, and operated audio recording equipment and performed troubleshooting and audio  system breakdown for live broadcasts.  Set up and tested equipment before events, broadcasts, and recordings.  Separated instruments, vocals, and peripheral sounds and mixed during the post-production stage. Project Manager JNJ Credit Council LLC - Dallas, TX August 2018 to April 2019 Created full-fledged implementation plans, accounting for ROI, cost-benefit and other analyses.  Performed detailed assessments of risks to determine constraints and develop mitigation strategies.  Created full-scope cost estimates for bid builds and designed build projects.  Took active role in company growth by consistently providing quality customer service to promote growth and retention.  Delivered projects to pre-determined budget, maintaining time parameters and quality standards.  Closely collaborated with project members to identify and quickly address problems.  Developed long-term business strategy by using customer feedback to identify necessary process  improvements.  Implemented cross-training to improve depth of skill sets within team.  Identified plans and resources required to meet project goals and objectives by setting realistic timelines and checkpoints.  Managed project elements for multiple initiatives from initial planning to project rollouts.  Streamlined office operations by effectively monitoring and addressing client correspondence and data  communications.  Worked with senior leadership to ensure complex projects were completed on time and under-budget.  Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated to other team members. Math Tutor Kumon - Rowlett, TX August 2017 to August 2018 Tutored hundreds of students a week in private sessions with detailed lesson plans, assessed students  progress and communicated with teachers, students and parents about outcomes.  Provided meaningful math tutoring to improve the math skills of children from kindergarten to 12th grade.  Explained math concepts in a caring and encouraging environment to help kids thrive and learn.  Collaborated with a team of faculty to develop after-school tutorial program for students in need of extra  help.  Interacted with parents, students and co-workers in a friendly and professional manner. Universal Home Technician Amazon - Dallas, TX July 2017 to March 2018 Installed boxes, routers, telephone and home automation devices.  Consulted with customers about needs and proposed additional services.  Explained paperwork, waivers and agreements to customers and assured each part was properly signed.  Helped customers via telephone to work through troubleshooting steps for equipment.  Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.    E Education Bachelor Of Applied Science In Information Technology in Computer Science And Programming The University Of Texas At Dallas - Richardson, TX 2022 Associates Richland College - Dallas, TX High School Diploma North Garland High School - Garland, TX