Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Salem, OR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Registration Elite - Mesa, AZ February 2016 to Present This was formerly a project I worked on aside several others at Web-Op, the prior job listing. It's since become so successful that I'm managing it on its own now, and I am responsible for managing a team of developers, designers, and sales staff to provide our clients (colleges, universities, athletics programs ranging from the University of Utah to University of Maryland Eastern Shore). Project/Content Manager Web-Op - Mesa, AZ February 2016 to December 2017 Manages client projects from initial ideas to a fleshed-out, physical product including packaging, design, fulfillment, etc. Deploys and maintains client ecommerce/marketing websites. Communicates requirements, progress, and updates between the development/design team and clients. Creates and adapts strategies to best suit individual client needs.    Manages a sub-company called Registration Elite, providing a software platform for college and university athletic camps.    Clients include Maxim Magazine, University of Utah, Loyola Marymount University, Xavier University (among dozens of other schools), Carol Alt, Myntsmile, SmilesNY with Dr. Steven Roth DDS, Crafter's Edge, and Dies Direct. Small Business Tech Support Agent Pace Americas - Tempe, AZ August 2015 to November 2015 Handled standard tech support calls for AT&T small business customers. Claims Associate- Initial Loss Reporting State Farm - Phoenix, AZ March 2014 to June 2015 Handled inbound insurance claim-reporting calls, data collection and entry, and advised customers involved in auto accidents of procedure. Manager/Operator Umbrella - Mesa, AZ January 2008 to September 2011 Catered events requiring soft-serve ice cream, managed a staff of 7-10 employees at any given event, and maintained large foodservice machinery. IT Technician- Summer Job Wilson School District #7 - Phoenix, AZ May 2008 to August 2011 Maintained a network of approximately 2000 individual workstations, provided upkeep to large variety of server hardware, installed corresponding equipment including UPS batteries. This occurred during a summer off of high school. Education Incomplete BA in Political Science/International Affairs Northern Arizona University - Flagstaff, AZ September 2011 to December 2014 Diploma with Honors Mountain View High School - Mesa, AZ May 2011 Skills Project Management (2 years), Copywriting (8 years), Google Analytics (2 years), Adobe Photoshop (2 years), Technical Troubleshooting (8 years), Phones (8 years), Marketing (1 year), Fulfillment/Shipping Services (2 years), HTML, Website, Adobe, Outlook, Scheduling, Scheduling, Outlook Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jake-layton-562b9b114/