IT Project Manager, Loyalty (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Loyalty (Consultant) IT Project Manager, Loyalty (Consultant) - United Airlines Chicago, IL Work Experience IT Project Manager, Loyalty (Consultant) United Airlines - Chicago, IL March 2019 to Present Acting as the lead IT Project Manager for digital channels (.com and mobile) to support a key initiative for the premier loyalty program. Process Manager, Enterprise Systems (Consultant) Grainger - Chicago, IL October 2018 to March 2019 Provide guidance and governance across all Enterprise portfolios through the use of the PPM ( Project Portfolio  Management - ServiceNow) tool - driving adoption, ensuring work is aligned with organization goals and focusing on process management.  • Key conduit in operationalizing the enterprise planning and project management process.  • Developed onboarding documentation for new hires.  • Documented and streamlined reporting processes - saving 40 hours/year. Engagement Manager Consumers Energy - Jackson, MI October 2013 to September 2018 Direct operations of Consumers Energy website and content management system including supervision of 3 team  members, customer experience, risk mitigation, resource allocation, and project planning. Developed business  relationships with internal stakeholders by serving as the digital subject matter expert. Partner with Development Team  to scope and implement Sitecore components including strategic ideation collaboration and identifying technical and operational requirements. Managed website content creation and established policies leveraging CXi and J.D. Power to  improve customer satisfaction. Created content management system process and procedures and facilitated training for team members.  • Migrated and redesigned more than 100 Consumer Energy website pages including content development, client  communication, and budget management.  • Developed content management system standards to streamline activities and decrease build times.  • Established and launched multi-channel renewable energy media campaigns.  • Managed and positioned Green Generation(TM) renewable energy program in the Consumers Energy renewable  energy portfolio and increased enrollments through direct mail and email campaigns.  • Streamlined Green Generation(TM) enrollment process saving more than 40 hours/ year and created Green  Generation(TM) best practice and style guide to improve internal and external partner consistency in marketing  materials.  • Sustained Green Generation(TM) status as top 10 US renewable energy program with National Renewable Energy  Laboratory.  • Conducted audits and established efficient audit processes saving up to $10K/year. Account Manager - GTB Team Detroit - Dearborn, MI August 2013 to October 2013 Supervised cross-discipline strategic planning initiatives to develop innovative points of view focused on improving user  experience. Documented best practices and processes for the Enterprise Team.  • Served as account lead managing daily aspects of Ford.com-Enterprise.  • Collaborated with brand product owners to identify project scope and technical requirements including key  vehicles website redesign. Producer / Technical Project Manager - Hello World ePrize, Inc - Southfield, MI May 2010 to August 2013 Led the Xbox LIVE Rewards loyalty program team. Supervised a team of 4 employees; including career development and performance management. Collaborated with clients creating and executing interactive marketing initiatives by  implementing online promotions focused on driving consumer behaviors. Served as a subject matter expert in the creation of Exact Target email campaigns targeting a multimillion membership base. Facilitated client and internal  meetings to align project status and deadlines. Identified new project scope, goals and technical requirements.  • Successfully launched online campaigns and programs for clients including Microsoft Corporation / Xbox LIVE  Rewards, Valvoline, Dole Packaged Foods, HEB Grocery Company and Time Warner Cable.  • Managed multiple projects simultaneously with budgets ranging between $20K and more than $800K.  • Directed multidisciplinary project team operations including strategic planning across Sales, Interface  Development, Software Engineering, Quality Assurance, Creative Services, Fulfillment, and Legal.  • Executed targeted email campaigns, contest/sweepstakes promotions, offers and banner placements  throughout Xbox to increase engagement and membership.  • Led global expansion project for Xbox LIVE Rewards Loyalty program across 18 countries in 11 languages  achieving 1 Million+ membership base in 3.5-years.  • Recognized as a top performer with one of 5 nominations as the 2012 Employee of the Year.  • Developed and implemented process improvements to localize and increase technical process efficiency saving  more than 135 hours/year. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Marketing & Advertising Wayne State University Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashley-gschwender