Sr. Project Coordinator/Business Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator/Business Analyst Sr. Project Coordinator/Business Analyst - Edward Jones Saint Charles, MO Highly motivated business professional with a vast amount of experience in project coordination, project management and business analysis with emphasis in the following industries: information systems, financial services and health insurance. Work Experience Sr. Project Coordinator/Business Analyst Edward Jones - St. Louis, MO July 2015 to Present * Utilize the Project Life Cycle (PLC) methodology to plan and execute small to medium size projects for the IS-PMO.  * Delegate for the IS Project Management Office (PMO) for firm wide Annual Expense Planning process. Work directly with Finance and IS leadership team to analyze past and current spend and plan future spend for entire IS division.  * Support and mentor IS Project Leaders with project setup, project approval process and project reporting.  * Responsible for recommending system and process enhancements to CA PPM Solutions Team to improve project leader performance.  * Govern projects from initiation phase to post implementation phase to ensure project leaders are adhering to Firm and IS PMO identified processes.  * Co-leading effort to integrate Change Management methodology into IS PMO lead efforts.  * Assist with writing test scripts and user acceptance testing for all CA PPM system upgrades/releases.  * Project Leader for the implementation of CA PPM tool within all new divisional PMOs. IT Associate Project Manager (Consultant) Express Scripts - St. Louis, MO March 2014 to July 2015 * Oversaw the successful implementation of several small scale projects and assisted Senior Project Managers with various phases of larger projects.  * Worked with management to coordinate activities of the project team, identify resources and develop schedules to ensure timely completion of project.  * Assisted with administrative tasks such as budget analysis, project and milestone planning and reporting. Business Consultant/Sr. Project Administrator (Consultant) MasterCard International - O'Fallon, MO March 2012 to February 2014 * Utilized MS Project to manage project deliverables; monitor change control documentation; track risks, action items, issues and decisions.  * Conducted internal and external training assessments; coordinated training sessions between external customers to ensure all testers and business users prior to UAT.  * Updated and edited both internal and external requirements documents, i.e. Business Requirement Documents and High Level Requirements Document. Business Analyst/Jr. Project Manager (Consultant) Wells Fargo - St. Louis, MO November 2010 to February 2012 * Liaised with IT partner to coordinate smoke test efforts conversion and re-platforming efforts.  * Managed interdependencies of conversion work, between Wachovia Securities and Wells Fargo.  * Managed collection of data from various work streams of dependencies, issues, risks and interdependencies to establish trends in organization's operation. Functional Program IT Coordinator (Consultant) WellPoint - St. Louis, MO May 2010 to November 2010 * Provided technical and administrative support to multiple project teams to help ensure compliance throughout WellPoint to Express Script, Inc. pharmacy conversion.  * Liaised with other functional and foundational project coordinators to develop cost effective solutions to business sponsored initiatives. Project Coordinator/Change Analyst (Consultant) Thomson Reuters - St. Louis, MO November 2009 to April 2010 * Assisted in managing the change control process to ensure that all project stakeholders were in agreement on project revisions and ensured full impact of changes were communicated and understood by all parties.  * Ensured that all Technical Account Manages and other relevant parties were aware of planned network outages and maintenance schedules by collecting data and distributing in report format on weekly basis.  * Responsible for communicating the change management process throughout organization. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Missouri - St. Louis, MO Master of Arts in Human Resource Training and Human Resource Development Webster University - St. Louis, MO Graduate Certificate in Project Management DeVry University - Keller Graduate School of Management - St. Louis, MO