Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Multi Service Technology Solutions Blue Springs, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Multi Service Technology Solutions - Overland Park, KS October 2012 to Present Manage five international projects growing rapidly across North America, Europe, and Australia.  * Currently leading a new project implementation and assisted in others.  * Projects accumulate into roughly $375 million in annualized volume to be billed.  * Project management experience gained with responsibilities including managing stakeholders, gathering requirements, defining scope, creating mock-ups, prioritizing requests, scheduling work to be completed, delegating tasks, leading third party implementations, gathering feedback, reviewing technical specifications, leading demonstrations, creating formal project documentation and I assisted in our transition from waterfall to agile methodology.  * Voluntarily took on new projects and sought efficiencies in current processes.  Systems Programmer  * Worked as a software developer.  * Technical experience gained working with XML, HTML5, EDI810 and 850, Perl, Oracle, SQL, JavaScript, waterfall and agile methodology, SDLC, CSS, SVN, database design, Bugzilla, Rally, and object-oriented programming. IT Support Specialist Wellness Innovations & Nursing Services - Lenexa, KS July 2012 to October 2012 Primarily developed their new client website.  * Tasked with hardware and phone support, reporting, and administrative responsibilities as well.  * Technical experience gained working with HTML, CSS, Tortoise SVN, Google Analytics, Microsoft SQL Server, .NET (C# and VB), VBScript, infragistics, and waterfall methodology. Stocking Manager Dollar Tree - Warrensburg, MO October 2010 to June 2012 6 months) and Operations manager (12 months)  * Management experience gained with responsibilities including opening and closing the store, ordering inventory, delegating tasks to associates, scheduling shifts, approving payroll, training associates and managers, and was the primary customer service contact.  * Enhanced my management, decision making, interpersonal, customer service, as well as time management skills while balancing work and school responsibilities. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Central Missouri - Warrensburg, MO 2012 Additional Information * Development, management, and project management experience has given me a variety of skills.  * Personal strengths include: dependability, integrity, cooperativeness, attentiveness to detail, competitiveness, analytical thinking, and a self-starter.  * Analytical problem-solver with attention to detail.