Director of Project Management (Short-Term Contract) Director of <span class="hl">Project</span> Management (Short-Term Contract) Director of Project Management (Short-Term Contract) Dacula, GA Project Manager with over seven years of experience managing small to large-scale projects in federal contracting,  international consulting, diversity and inclusion, IT procurement and nonprofit organizations. Well-versed in project  management principles, tools, processes, and techniques: integration, budgeting and scheduling, resource allocation and  quality control to achieve deliverables. Possess strong analytical skills needed to identify challenges, develop  recommendations, leverage resources, and execute measurable solutions.    *Secret Clearance Obtained* Work Experience Director of Project Management (Short-Term Contract) Fyen Consulting Services, The Gambia January 2019 to August 2019 January - August 2019  Fyen Consulting Services is a global firm providing hands-on management, strategic, advisory, project and change  management services.    Director of Project Management (Short-Term Contract)  Led all Fyen Team Members through the successful acquisition of more than 10 high-level contracts within the Gambian  government including the Office of the President, the Office of the Vice-President, the Gambian Drug Law Enforcement  Agency, the Gambia Chamber of Commerce; and international organizations including the World Bank Group and the United Nations Development Programme totally more than $500k in revenue over a six month period.    Leadership:  • Managed and gathered information in support of capture activities (consulting opportunities) to include contract  scope, spending profile, key personnel, potential teammates, and competitors.  • Established all project management processes and systems including project methodologies, report and deliverable templates.  • Developed and managed organizational and project financial and operational objectives and transactions.  Communication:  • Managed client and stakeholder engagement.  • Created and presented final project deliverables including but not limited to strategic plans, implementation plans, risk management policies, business continuities plans, etc.  Risk Management:  • Managed and utilized resources across all projects.  • Managed project adjustments and changes including corrective measurements. Project Manager (Federal Contracting- IT) Presidio - Fulton, MD April 2015 to January 2019 Fulton, MD Apr. 2015 - January 2019  Presidio is a global Information Technology consulting firm providing management, deployment and integration, telecom, and staffing services.    Project Manager (Federal Contracting- IT)  Successfully closed $25 million in new federal business and developed and improved processes including the creation of Governmentwide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) tracking and reporting systems, delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract  internal training manuals and customer-relationship management (CRM) templates that enhanced the revenue tracking  metrics and reduction of non-value-added steps.    Communication:  ? Processed request for quotes from three government acquisition contracts including Netcents II (Air Force- Domestic and International), SWEP V (NASA) and CIO-CS (Federal Civilian) using CRM systems myOrders and  AFWay averaging 200 requests for quotes, per month.  ? Coordinated responses to federal customer requests for representations and certifications, including Federal  Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses and federal specific requirements.  ? Facilitated and implemented team-wide change and project management methodologies per complex government  GWAC and IDIQ contract requirements.  ? Served as a communication liaison between all vendors and federal end users/ contracting officers.  ? Completed all required reporting on GWAC to the respective federal agencies and end users.  Risk Management  ? Identified, tracked and facilitated mitigation/resolution of risks and issues throughout the bidding, procurement and delivery cycle.  ? Tracked and approved invoices maintain administration records, performance agreements and compliance  inspection reports for all orders averaging 10 per month.  ? Worked alongside the Direct of Finance to ensure contracts adhere to broader finance and risk requirements, including revenue recognition, profitability targets, pricing and discounting policies.  ? Monitored and coordinated adherence to complex government satisfactory terms and conditions, contracting  practices and recommend changes as appropriate per order.  ? Analyzed all government business opportunities from a contractual risk and profit perspective and report to leadership on a weekly basis.  Leadership  ? Educated federal end users, contracting officers, internal Bid Development personnel, and Operations staff on the company's capabilities, processes and solutions available on federal GWAC and IDIQ contract vehicles.  ? Identified, managed, coordinated and collaborated with internal departments to continuously improve the efficiency of customer contracting and the order entry processes, including automation initiatives.  ? Utilized various research techniques to gather information in support of capture activities to include contract  scope, spending profile, key personnel, potential teammates, and competitors. Lead Program Analyst National Parks Conservation Association - Washington, DC April 2012 to April 2015 Washington, DC Apr. 2012 - Apr.2015  Non-profit, advocacy organization with 800,000+ members and supporters working to address major threats facing the National Park System.    Lead Program Analyst  Responsible for managing a million-dollar program budget including designing, piloting, and scaling-up leadership  development, inclusion, and constituency building programs, projects, and systems, while directing internal/external  project teams, subject matter experts, and consultants.  ? Conducted needs assessments to define project scope of work; identify project risks and determined responses.  ? Produced project plans to manage operational, financial and technological components.  ? Created logic models to facilitate the planning and communication of project objectives and accomplishments.  ? Analyzed resource needs and allocate appropriately, providing strategic direction during implementation stages.  ? Tracked milestones and conducted quality control on project deliverables.  ? Facilitated bi-weekly status meetings, captured meeting minutes, and disseminated to project stakeholders.  ? Developed new and improved systems, templates, and tools using MS Excel and MS Word to capture project  updates maximizing operational effectiveness.  ? Developed proposals and reports using MS Project, MS PowerPoint, and MS Access (impact reports, publications, marketing materials etc.) for both internal and external stakeholders, senior leadership of NPCA, and  the National Park Service.  ? Supported the change management and implementation of InsideNPS, an online community that connects, engages, supports, and informs employees about all things Park Service.  ? Served as primary liaison in the preparation of web-based publications utilizing digital design tools and techniques.  ? Lead the development of online data collection tools and dissemination of information to appropriate agencies.  ? Conducted trainings and workshops on human-centered design thinking to engage nontraditional partners and create products and applications that expand NPCA's reach.  ? Supported the Vice President through data compilation, data entry, design, editing and creation of reports, and the submission of monthly expense reports to Finance Dept. using MS Excel and SharePoint. Program Coordinator Study Circles Program (AmeriCorps) - Rockville, MD January 2011 to December 2011 Rockville, MD Jan. 2011 - Dec. 2011  AmeriCorps funded program engaging parents, students, and staff in Montgomery County Public Schools to identify, examine, and eliminate institutional barriers to African-American and Latino student achievement.    Program Coordinator  Supported the day-to-day management of project operations, and performed research and analysis for strategic planning, organizational effectiveness and excellence, relevance of program materials, and funding sources.  ? Conducted feasibility studies and developed work breakdown structures.  ? Created and monitored workshop project plans, milestones, and timelines.  ? Monitored the allocation of staff to workshops and deliverables.  ? Coordinated and scheduled trainings, workshops, meetings, and conference calls.  ? Facilitated workshop sessions and captured identified barriers; presented outcomes to school principals and provided recommendations regarding next steps.  ? Analyzed and synthesized research findings (strategic planning, program materials etc.,) and provided  recommendations.  ? Directed and coordinated project staff and volunteers according to established policies and practices.  ? Captured, analyzed, and tracked the impact of workshops.  ? Maintained workshops records and documentation.  ? Created new Access databases and updated Excel spreadsheets. Program Consultant Gender & Development Consulting Agency (GAD) - TZ September 2009 to September 2010 Tanzania Sept. 2009 - Sept. 2010  International consulting firm focusing on gender and development issues in Tanzania.    Program Consultant  Led small-scale research projects focusing on the analysis and documentation of business processes, people, and technology to develop strategies and policies.  ? Developed small-scale project plans and schedules to effectively allocate time, money and staff.  ? Prepared project status reports, processed invoices, updated tracking reports, and maintained files.  ? Tracked and ensured that project deliverables were on time, within budget, and at the required level of quality.  ? Developed data collection instruments such as questionnaires using MS Excel and MS Word.  ? Designed, developed, and maintained various databases using MS Access, including establishment of relational  databases and system programming.  ? Prepared and assisted in the preparation of results for reports, publications, and presentations. Education Master's of Science in Management New England College - Henniker, NH 2010 Bachelor of Arts in Political Economy University of Hartford - Hartford, CT 2007 Skills Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word, Publisher, Adp, Quickbooks Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Microsoft ( Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher, Outlook, InfoPath); ADP, and QuickBooks