CODING INSTRUCTOR CODING INSTRUCTOR CODING INSTRUCTOR - Sage Nig. LTD Self-motivated and experienced in the field of IT. Adept at communicating with key stakeholders in  assessing project needs. Talented IT professional specializing in leading high-performing and multi-  disciplinary teams from product development through successful product launches. Accustomed to  managing multiple projects and priorities in fast-paced environments. Innovative and solutions-focused  young IT Professional with more than half a decade experience in the Industry. Versatile IT professional  with vast knowledge of Enterprise Project Lifecycle methodology. IT expert with strong background in  statistics and Mathematics. Motivated IT Professional, willing to go the extra mile to deliver a quality  product on time and within budget. Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control. Certified IT  Professional experienced in managing projects related to applications and software tools installation  and migration, server virtualization and end user computing. Managed more than Thirty(30) projects  with budgets totaling #300,000. Boosted project efficiency by 50% by streamlining platform upgrade  projects. Directed projects for 20 clients, each with more than 50-100 users. Work Experience CODING INSTRUCTOR Sage Nig. LTD May 2017 to Present Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces  for Smartkidszone.com.ng.  • Facilitating coding trainings for kids in visual block programming (scratch, MIT App Inventor)  • Co coordinated event and activities such as summer camp, hangouts, day with code, and lots more  • Participated actively in digital marketing leveraging on existing and emerging mediums like email  marketing (mailchimp), social media marketing (Facebook, twitter, instagram, Pinterest, YouTube, blogs), content marketing to mention bet a few. With serial seminar and workshop in the field at  digify byte.  • Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.  • Kept classrooms clean by sterilizing and disinfecting Exergaming facilities and surfaces.  • Organized small groups of children while transitioning to and from outdoor play.  • Sparked kids imagination by helping them discover new things each day.  • Engaged with children individually to meet their emotional and physical needs.  • Maintained a child-friendly environment by allowing frequent access to outdoor activities.  • Communicated regularly with parents about daily activities and behaviors.  • Administered medication and minor first aid to sick and injured students.  • Promoted good behavior by using the positive reinforcement method. IT SPECIALIST Sage Nig. LTD October 2016 to Present Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces for Sagenigeria.org, Therealfarmersmarket Mobile App, Lagos Presbyterian Church App, Wastemarket app,  Rukkidenor.com, and lots of innovative projects that add up to my portfolio.  • Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.  • Developed Audio visual marketing resources (Multimedia contents)  • Effectively managed the facilities and leveraged on strong SEO tools to boost patronage  • Sending of weekly newsletter via mailchimp for effective email marketing  • Facilitating of training program for clients  • Social media marketing, to mention bet a few    3 ENTREPRENEUR/WEB DEVELOPER IDEA HUB Nigeria - Lagos, NG April 2016 to April 2017 • Co-founded an e learning platform for high school mathematics students named Tamseries.com  • Developed the solution from scratch to meet the demanding needs as putting an end to national  crisis of mass failure in mathematics and alarming phobia for mathematics amidst Nigerian  student.  • Leverage on cutting edge technologies to stimulate, entice and encourage active participation  and interaction with the subject matter.  • Led Administrative and Managerial roles alongside with counterparts and stake holders to ensure  productivity.  • Highly in the whole set up process, pioneered the course and innovatively deployed generate  contents, models and structure to maximize the outcome of the project.  • Mentored young individuals with fear of failure in mathematics to be more confident, buoyant  and prepared for 21st challenges.  • Inculcated high level computational, analytical, problem solving skills into aspiring scholars and learners.  • Leverage on networking within the hub to ace professionalism. Intern/Web Developer Craftermall Ltd - Lagos, NG August 2015 to November 2015 • Conceptualized, planned and executed original designs for a wide range of website properties.  • Built user interface, data visualizations and designed overall user experience, resulting in 25%  increase in sales.  • Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces for craftermall.com.  • Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product.    2 IT Project Manager Parmz Online Services - Lagos, NG March 2015 to July 2015 • Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces for Parmz.com.  • Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.  • Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made. Entry Level Computer Engineer Consumer Electronics Nig. Ltd - Lagos, NG August 2011 to September 2011 • Maintained and serviced computer systems.  • Installed and updated softwares and OS.  • Repaired faulty systems IT Manager Awomos Enterprises - Lagos, NG December 2009 to December 2010 • Identified and corrected performance issues.  • Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.  • Collected data around every transaction and turned it into tools that helped users.  • Executed Daily Tasks in computer operation and desktop publishing for clients. Education MS Computer Science in view in Computer Science EH Academy 2017 to 2018 Big Data University 2017 B.sc in (ED) MATHEMATICS EDUCATION UNIVERSITY OF NIGERIA 2012 to 2016 Technological Approach to Mathematics Success computer Institute 2015 affiliation School of Technical Education, Yaba College of Technology Skills Digital marketing, Marketing, Teaching, Problem solving, Mitigation Links https://www.linkedin.com/in