Director - IT Service Management & Governance Director - <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Management &amp; Governance Director - IT Service Management & Governance - Alight Solutions LLC Chicago, IL Seeking a challenging IT management position that would provide exposure to new knowledge areas or technologies and one that would enable me to continue to actively participate in the growth and future success of the organization while allowing me to apply and further improve my customer-centric IT management and excellent interpersonal skills to new projects and initiatives. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director - IT Service Management & Governance Alight Solutions LLC - Lincolnshire, IL April 2018 to Present • Facilitated successful completion of onboarding of a new managed services provider with contract value of over $50 million, providing service desk, desktop, network and data center services and helped ensure 100% SLA compliance.  • Facilitated successful completion of onboarding of a new managed services provider with contract value of over $2 million, providing network security services and helped ensure 100% SLA compliance.  • Established governance framework and provided operational oversight of IT managed services providers, including relationship, financial, performance, and service level management.  • Drove continuous improvement on current operational state through process changes, policies, practices, documentation, metrics/scorecards, etc.  • Helped define and continuously improve ITIL processes including problem, incident, and change.  • Helped drive various ServiceNow improvement initiatives including automated service mapping through ServiceWatch.  • Lead and support various business critical IT program initiatives and related priorities. IT Network Capacity & Performance Manager AON - Chicago, IL June 2016 to April 2018 • Escalation point & support for chronic network issues, as well as working as a liaison with other information technology ( IT) groups inside and outside the organization  • Solving and preventing data outages with wired and wireless system connection hardware.  • Providing leadership and delivering capacity upgrade projects for key initiatives within the group including solution drafting and delivery of a VPN solution for a 20,000 colleague environment.  • Manage, control and predict the performance, utilization and capacity of all LAN/WAN network resources and individual network components.  • Initiate proactive measures to ensure service availability.  • Translate business needs and plans into capacity and performance requirements for LAN/WAN network services, and to ensure that future capacity and performance needs can be fulfilled. IT Service Delivery Manager ATOS Outsourcing Services LLC - Chicago, IL August 2015 to June 2016 • Coordinate and manage daily delivery of managed network services to the client with over 35 physical sites in North America, including all services requests, technical issues and escalations.  • Primary client contact, responsible for overseeing and coordinating incident, change and problem management processes as well as develop any new processes as needed/appropriate.  • Implemented governance and operational processes as it pertains to the services provided to the client.  • Monitor Service Level Performance and provide pertinent governance reporting to internal as well as client executive leadership teams and ensure all services are delivered per the agreed contract and Service Level Agreements.  • Assist in the development of new business initiatives and RFP responses.  • Assist in client billing/invoicing activities.  • Selected as a member of the ATOS high potential employee program - with only 2 from North America and approximately 60 from across the globe (out of over 92,000+ employees globally). IT Project & Service Delivery Manager Xerox Business Services LLC - Oak Brook, IL January 2014 to July 2015 • Service Delivery Manager for Restaurant Technology Platform Services with over 28,000 retail restaurants with 250,000+ devices managed via SCCM/SCOM services for our retail client with managed hosting, application management and network service components.  • Oversee and coordinate incident, change and problem management processes as well as major project delivery efforts for the platform. Monitor Service Level performance and act as the primary client contact for any issues and escalations.  • Provide regular reporting to client service delivery and executive teams on overall service performance.  • Project Manager & client Service Delivery Manager for a Global Video Conferencing platform that has been built from the ground up with over 70+ Cisco video conferencing endpoints across 20 plus countries in Asia, Europe and North America. Responsible for the implementation effort as well as all ongoing operational activities, process creation, SLA management, end user training & communications. IT Project Manager Xerox Business Services LLC - Oak Brook, IL April 2012 to January 2014 • Responsible for all project related activities for our client, with full oversight on project coordination, resource management, status reporting, client and end user communications and budget estimation/management.  • Work directly with client senior IT executives including Directors, Senior Directors, VPs and C-level executives and provide project overview and status.  • Managed up to 10+ projects simultaneously with budgets ranging from just under $100,000 to over $2 mil.  • Program manager for Workspace technologies. Responsible for providing status & portfolio management for all projects under the platform.  • Received the Xerox Star award based on client feedback and for above and beyond personal performance and project delivery. IT Project Manager - Post Merger Integration Philips Electronics N.A - Rosemont, IL October 2009 to April 2012 • Responsible for the creation of project management artifacts and documentation, status reporting, client and stakeholder communication and coordination of project activities with the project management team for timely and on budget delivery of Philips IT projects.  • Managed post-merger IT infrastructure integration projects for over 6 new acquisitions, some with multiple international sites, to integrate them into the Philips IT Infrastructure environment (network, e-mail, infrastructure domain and third party service providers) with full oversight over project budget with budgets reaching $400,000. Delivered on time and on budget and to stakeholder satisfaction for all projects.  • Assisted with the on time and under budget completion of an approximately $4,000,000 IT integration effort for a 4000+ employee acquisition.  • Twice awarded the quarterly Most Notable Project Manager award for successful delivery of projects and for contributions to my Project Management group. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration ILLINOIS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Chicago, IL July 2010 Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering PURDUE UNIVERSITY - West Lafayette, IN December 2006 Skills Openview, Peregrine, Ms project, Hp openview, Excel, Vendor Management, Itil, Strategic Planning, Customer Service, IT Management Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Project+ CompTIA A+ Prince2 Practitioner CAPM Additional Information SKILLS    Software: Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Lotus Notes 6, HP OpenView Service Desk 4.5, MS Project, ServiceNow, Peregrine - Service Center.