IT Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst IT Business Analyst - Hiscox USA Atlanta, GA Work Experience IT Business Analyst Hiscox USA - Sandy Springs, GA 2018 to Present Engage in project management initiatives, identify customer's business and strategic needs, analyze user functionality for individual business cases, document system requirements using Waterfall methodology, monitor and resolve scope creep to  accomplish project goals.  ? Ensure feasibility of product development, establish product management processes, communicate project viability to business  stakeholders.  ? Collaborate with development and testing team during SDLC phase of product lifecycle management, oversee transformation of business needs to functional requirements for product development.  ? Assist with defect testing testing process addressing issues and scenarios impacting product.  ? Lead critical Cyber Rewrite project introducing new and upgraded cyber coverage for brokers leading to recognition for work  performance and placing company on competitive forefront as a specialty insurer in USA. Business Analyst (Professional Systems Engineer) AT&T - Atlanta, GA 2015 to 2018 Led data strategy initiatives for main data warehouse, designed architecture development, implementation, and documentation  for 500+ applications and associated technologies and interfaces.  ? Worked with multiple source interfaces used for reporting by clients, gained insight into clients to proactively address client  needs.  ? Anticipated client needs and provided exceptional customer service through generation of simplified Visio diagrams clarifying  system architecture  ? Identified critical tables containing primary data through collection and analysis of multiple source system data layouts, ensured  encryption of data protecting customer's identity.  ? Established comprehensible user stories describing functional and nonfunctional requirements. AT&T 2011 to 2018 AT&T 2016 to 2016 Technology Development President's Award, Data Patterns Initiative. Data Strategist (Sr. Specialist Technical Architect) AT&T - Atlanta, GA 2013 to 2015 Designed architecture development, implementation, and documentation of multifaceted fluid applications and associated  technologies and interfaces.  ? Collaborated with project teams in scoping and estimating project work, resolved issues impacting deployment of application  delivery systems to drive revenue targets.  ? Reduced storage cost expenditures, implemented updated Big Data Platform retention policies.  ? Calculated monthly member output capacity using detailed hour budget statement, tracked employee capacity and increased labor  efficiency.  ? Generated and distributed work-intake assessments of more than 85 related data warehouse applications, illustrated time  allocated per resource and cross comprehension.    Technical Data Steward (Specialist Applications Developer Atlanta, GA    ? Maintained assigned data domains, ensured high levels of quality, integrity, availability, and privacy.  ? Evaluated requirements for operations analytics and reporting, determined optimal sources and data types to achieve  requirements.  ? Collaborated with functional and enterprise data stewards to coordinate sourcing and valid usage, determined data source and necessary storage space.  ? Developed and implemented necessary data governance programs with appropriate rules, tests, and audits.  ? Completed essential information gathering for 50 projects in Metadata Workbench application.  ? Consulted with 50+ data source contacts for planned warehouse consolidation, drove initiative to consolidate data sources  interfaced with data warehouse. AT&T 2012 to 2012 Project Manager (Associate Applications Developer) AT&T - Atlanta, GA 2011 to 2012 Provided technical direction on systems analysis, design, development, testing, and deployment.  ? Oversaw timely delivery of solution into production and effective handoff to operations for ongoing maintenance and troubleshooting.  ? Led effort to consolidate more than 60 interfacing corporate source systems, identified outdated systems and increased operating  capacity.  ? Managed team of 6 responsible for creation of corporate onboarding website for new hires.  ? Standardized project issuance through fabrication and application of IT-wide release capacity calendar, increased efficiency 95%. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Analytics Florida International University - Miami, FL 2018 Bachelor of Business Administration in Management Information Systems University of South Florida - Tampa, FL 2010 Skills Product lifecycle, Product lifecycle management, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Erwin, Tableau, Jira, Rally, Market research, Project administration, Business analysis, Relationship development, Process improvement, Strategic direction Links http://linkedin.com/in/krystalvillafana Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  ? Project Administration ? Strategic Direction  ? Process Improvement ? Product Lifecycle Management  ? Relationship Development ? Business Analysis  ? Key Performance Indicators (KPI) ? Market Research & Brand Development    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Hootsuite|Thunderhead Rapid Mine Tableau Agile Jira Hadoop Microsoft Viso Google Analytics Kibana|ElasticSearch Rally  |Erwin Data Modeler