Scrum Master/ Senior IT P.M./R.T.E Scrum Master/ Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> P.M./R.T.E Management Consultant: Scrum Master, IT Project Manager, RTE, Process Engineer New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master/ Senior IT P.M./R.T.E TandemSeven - New York, NY February 2019 to Present • The JPMC Global Payment Exchange project requires overseeing and managing a novel payment and billing solution product for Corporate and Investment Banking; with development across all devices.  • As the client engagement lead, I'm responsible for: resource acquisition, project staffing, project scheduling (Agile methodology), third party vendor acquisition to build and deploy AEM as our content management tool, budget/forecasting, JPMC client onboarding (domestic and offshore), project status reporting, stakeholder management, change management (Change Orders to assess additional resources required for successful product delivery given external dependencies that delayed the project). transitioning project from SDLC to Agile/SCRUM.  • As Scrum Master my responsibilities are: creating a product backlog, creation of product user stories, organizing technical grooming sessions, facilitate technical contract meetings to between the Front End UI team, Adobe Experience Manager team, and GPX Data services team to lockdown/synchronize technical data standards and definitions between all workstreams, lead all Agile/Scrum ceremonies. Sprint planning, with sprint duration determined by the feature/epic selected for delivery included a selection of associated user stories for completion, factoring estimated story point effort and the number of days and hours to complete all work the work. .  ? JIRA responsibilities included but were not limited to: custom workflows, statuses/transitions to present each phase of an active sprint (To do, In Development, various Quality Assurance testing queues/statuses), created customized fields allowing the addition of Acceptance Criteria, impacted workstreams (FE UI, AEM, GPX Services), affected channels (mobile, desktop, tablet, etc.), component setup by functional groups, estimated story points captured within the JIRA issue form.  ? Tracked metrics including:  * # Committed vs. Delivered Story Points per sprint  * # Bugs found during each sprint  * The velocity for each sprint  * Burndown/Burnup rates  * Predict future velocities utilizing previous sprint velocities at a 90% confidence interval.  * Percentage of Enabler Stories and Technical Debt in the Product Backlog for prioritization  • As the RTE I'm responsible for creating and tracking the RTE Status Board:  ? Workstream Internal/External Dependencies  ? Workstream Issues  ? Workstream Risks  ? Mitigation plans for both Issues and Risks  ? Risk Rank Calculation  ? Number of Committed vs. Number of Delivered Story points per sprint at both the workstream and project level  ? Number of Overall bugs identified during each sprint at both the workstream and project level  ? Completion for all epics and features sprint at both the workstream and project level  ? Velocity graph and velocity prediction for future sprints at both the workstream and project level  ? All matters requiring escalation provided by Workstream.  • Managed data analytics and data governance for JPMC's data services team writing documentation and technical contracts to standardize data element expectations from backend services and also analyze existing data to assure it adhered to the new data governance standards. Scrum Master/Senior IT Project Manager (Short Term Contract) Scotiabank - New York, NY August 2018 to February 2019 • Scrum Master for Scotiabank's platform migration to Axiom to support downstream regulatory reporting. Maintained JIRA and Confluence sites to aid in communication, transparency, and organization of each sprint.  • Managed to integrate various transactional front-end source systems to a data factory allowing, assuring data governance and management within the data factory, utilizing 8 resources to complete source mapping and analysis, ETL development, product mapping, and database schema acquisition.  • Transitioned to Scrum Master for the larger part of the Axiom implementation (30 resources) requiring constant coordination between Axiom Development, Project BA's, the Testing Manager, and the regulatory reporting business stakeholders.  • This project was significantly behind schedule with 100's of test cases failing. Upon becoming Scrum Master, I utilized proven IT project management rationalization to organize the project and worked with the whole team to pass every test case and setup project management routines.  • Standardized data governance coming from source systems to allow for many front end application data to be sourced by Axiom to train the program to know both customer data and transitionary data.  • Led 8 BA's to fully analyze the data coming from the transaction and customer databases to map to the major key data indicators needed for a metadata solution.  • Successfully implemented projects ahead of schedule after being brought in on a short term contract as a result of the previous Scrum Master's resignation. Completed Axiom reporting migration, allowing Scotiabank to utilize Axiom for regulatory reporting, retiring their existing legacy system. Scrum Master/Senior Project Manager (Short Term Contract) Royal Bank of Canada (CCAR) - New York, NY February 2018 to August 2018 • Senior Project Manager and Scrum Master for IT Strategic Management bringing legal entities under one domestic umbrella; overall US entity requiring massive IT migrations across both entities, lean processes to reduce inefficiencies, and to create and validate an IT enterprise policy and procedures. These procedures and policies were all encompassing to change the IT and operational current state to adapt to present day challenges and regulatory guidance.  • Collaborated with IT controls and operations teams to determine weakness for the CCAR project for Capital Markets, identifying several IT and operational enhancements needed to be enacted in order to pass basically regulatory issues such as MRAIs, MRA,'s SIFS, etc.  • Worked within Global Compliance to increase OFAC, AML, and KYC compliance, specifically within transaction monitoring to review existing methodologies for scenario design to reduce false positive alerts. Oversaw operational PM's to design a target operating model for future state operational process for onboarding, renewal, and ad-hoc KYC refreshes.  • Worked with IT technology to overview the general ledger by product and automate processes to close the remediation gap regarding issues of collateral and liquidity shortfalls that could impact the SR15-18 filings (for FBOs). This automation was required due to the operational risk of a highly manual process. Scrum Master/ IT Senior PM/BA (Management Consultant) Wells Fargo Securities - New York, NY February 2016 to February 2018 Prime Brokerage (Front Office):  • Developed IT architecture strategy, web platform development, documenting all project materials to enhance Wells Fargo Prime Services' product offerings to meet market competition. Communicated with client services to successfully deliver diverse projects entailing enhanced reporting, risk mitigation, and regulatory due diligence.    • Worked as Trade and Portfolio Platform Expansion Product Owner for WFS Prime services dealing with both done away client data and trade execution data allocations, the data translation to Broadridge's data to assure trade completion.  • Managed WFPS Client Web Portal allowing hedge funds and venture capitalists to see their trades from allocation to recon, utilizing Adobe Experience Manager, Trade and Portfolio data services, and front end UI development with SCRUM methodologies.  • The WFPS Trade Desk migration involved moving certain trade scenarios (Equities, International Equities, Options, and Bonds) from WFPS to WFS. This required signification testing to assure the trade flows would properly function once sent to Broadridge; opening up new accounts for testing, offset accounts, production accounts, and commissions.  • As the lead for Trade and Portfolio Platform Expansion, was responsible for setting up all offset accounts, all CCP accounts, commission accounts, and all data activities that were responsible henceforth. Additionally, was responsible for the complete trade life cycle all the way through Recon utilizing Intellimatch and setting up reconciliation reports for the 40 ACT product to verify that the movement in the Triparty account were accurate.  • Systematic development and streamlining of prime technology architecture with a firm understanding of legacy data architecture, and present and future product requirements creating a scalable foundation to support our client's diverse investment portfolios, and data migration for all aspects of the trade lifecycle.  • Productively managed projects throughout the complete project lifecycle; launched International Regulation U, 40 ACT, and expanded FX Spot products through deep communication with my IT teams, our continuous testing, and firm understanding of Trade and Portfolio expansion, including done away trades and executions from front office to clearing.  • This role required extensive knowledge of the broker-dealer's system architecture, data lineage and migration, and business system analysis to test and release: operations, risk, compliance, and finance processes to provide scalable streamlined approach to consolidate WFPS's legacy IT architecture with the strategic architecture.  • Created detailed SharePoint sites as a platform to track the complete project management organization throughout multiple portfolios, allowing users and senior management a 365 view of their projects; including finance, resource allocation, key business decisions, test cases, issues, risks, development items, etc.  Wells Fargo Securities Enterprise:  • Consultant/Sr. Project Manager for liquidity, collateral, and industry wide initiatives for Wells Fargo Securities. Managed a group of 15 direct reports and oversaw 40 non-direct reports to implement various IT infrastructure, financial reporting, operational/organizational change projects for wholesale banking. The DTC T+2 project involved an industry and regulatory wide initiative to settle securities in two days instead of three. Managed end- to-end development and implementation WFS's IT architecture to connect markets, trading platforms, internal allocation engines, and external vendor applications (for settlement, funding, clearing) through reconciliation with the DTC and OCC.  • IT responsibilities oversaw the complete IT architecture build for all of WFS to conduct industry testing, coordinated system implementation and release, oversaw infrastructure connectivity between Broadridge Financial and WFS, and liaised with Broadridge for escalation management. Worked with technology, the front, middle, and back offices to build a complete trade flow from T+2 Exchanges (filling orders through the ECN's), translating the data to WFS's middleware, assuring all funding, clearing, and settling activities worked properly in the test environment for several asset types.  • Operational responsibilities: Obtain signoff on current state models for T+3 settlement cycle processes, identified process improvement opportunities, and implemented future state process models for a constricted 2-day settlement cycle.  • The Intraday Liquidity and Collateral Management Project was regulatory required to create a liquidity and collateral oversight program for all of WFS.  • Responsibilities included: creation of operational groups and role functionality allowing WFS to closely monitor and react to collateral and liquidity caps for all security positions and cash movements, ability to throttle payments for specific groups in case of liquidity or collateral runs, and developed software to ingest data to perform liquidity and collateral calculations and reports to functionally align to the aforementioned program objectives.  • Utilized SWIFT, FIX, and Solace communication throughout the internal systems to allow T+2 end to end trade execution through settlement. Scrum Master/ Sr. IT Project Manager Bank of America (Global Banking and Markets) - Charlotte, NC June 2015 to February 2016 • Senior IT Project Manager for Global Banking and Markets (GBAM) Wholesale Banking and Compliance. Developed projects to remediate MRAs for missing or incorrect compliance data leveraging business reporting analytics, IT automation, and standing up operational groups to remediate missing data elements. Analyzed root cause to solution additional data quality validations for future system migrations.  • Implemented AML Operational and Technology strategy for BI reporting, exceeding enterprise & regulatory reporting requirements. Member of the Enterprise Data Quality Steering Committee to standardize data metric definitions, allowing data quality measurement across multiple bank hubs/platforms.  • Managed 15 resources to build dashboards/score cards assessing data quality and business metrics. Developed business rules and technology requirements for AML/Compliance dashboards and tracked progress from initiation to post-deployment.  • Managed and tracked project budgets from initial funding request, contract negotiations, resource chargeability/utilization, and various project metrics to stakeholders. Performed independent vendor analysis to acquire new sources of client market data to automate AML/KYC refresh to increase profitability through automation and cost projection. Project Manager & Process Engineer HSBC (Corporate Compliance) - New York, NY May 2014 to June 2015 • Financial Crime Compliance Process Engineer and Project Manager, implemented HSBC's US policy for AML, KYC, Global Sanctions, and Transaction Monitoring, operational investigational processes. Improved HSBC's US operational processes: analyzing, negotiating, engineering, and aligning target state processes to HSBC's global compliance model.  • Oversaw development of HSBC's Compliance data warehouse to integrate multiple SORs into a single database for compliance investigations. Managed consultants to build and design backend infrastructure and FE UI utilizing Agile methodology. This greatly reduced the time of compliance investigations to reduce overall expenses without increasing risk as investigations were streamlined utilizing one source of data to investigate, research, document, and report findings.  • Transaction monitoring initiatives focused on improving the functionality of Norkom (HSBC's Automated AML Transaction Monitoring System). Norkom provides alerts based on scenarios created by the System Controls and Analytics (SCA) Team. Developed strategies in conjunction with the SCA Team to optimize IT Risk and Compliance scenarios by tuning thresholds to decrease false positive alerts, reduced operations costs while maintaining risk due diligence.  ? This role required extensive analysis of methodologies utilized to create former and existing scenarios, adjusting future scenarios methodology through statistical high/low banding techniques, and creation of new scenarios.  • Communicated with senior management to sign off on all project documentation, the strategic approach, scenario re-engineering, and implementation. Provided status updates and extensive communication at various levels of PMO governance to assure final signoffs from the client, stakeholders, and developers. Project Manager & Business Analyst (FTE) J.P. Morgan Chase (Internal Audit & Compliance) - New York, NY January 2010 to May 2014 • Acted as project manager to design processes for Global Compliance (KYC, AML, Sanctions), implement complex operational and IT based programs/ projects (Fircosoft). Acquired and leveraged multiple resources to insure proper project design, successful communication with senior partners, worked closely with subject matter experts, IT developers, and operational owners throughout all lines of business.  • Created, tested and implemented several Algorithms, list restrictions, rules, exceptions, and duplicate lookups for specific Fircosoft methodologies. Reduced costs for false positive alerts requiring needless investigation while enhancing alert prioritization and sequencing.  • Identified and re-engineered existing operational process in various sectors, to adhere to the project's regulatory guidelines and objectives. Augmented deeply entrenched, long-standing, operational functionalities and organizational alignments within each sector.  • Applied Traditional and Agile methodologies for end-to-end project design, utilizing compliance, risk, and legal affiliates throughout development. Education B.A. in Psychology The George Washington University - Washington, DC 2008 Skills Gap analysis, Pmo, Data governance, Data migration, Reference data, Exchange, Swift, Visio, Jira, Application architecture, Business architecture, Enterprise architecture, Sdlc, Systems architecture, Change management, Sharepoint, Networking, Sftp, Ms office, Brokerage, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Rally, PM, Scrum Master, PMP, Kanban, CSM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dbcm Additional Information Skills    Capital Markets Prime Brokerage  • Asset Class/Market Movements • Product Development and IT Trade Lifecycle  ? Equity ? Securities Reference Data  ? International Equity ? Done Away Trades  ? Fixed Income ? Trade Execution  ? Foreign Exchange ? Trade Allocation  ? Corporate Actions ? Funding  ? Options ? Clearing  ? Swaps ? Settlement  ? Reconciliation  ? Custodial Bank Infrastructure (FX, 40 ACT, and Asset Transfers)    Project Management Methodologies IT Architecture and Strategy  ? Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) ? Enterprise Architecture  ? SCRUM ? IT Governance  ? Kanban ? IT Risk Management  ? Waterfall ? Business Architecture  ? SDLC ? Systems Architecture  ? Hybrid Approaches ? Application Architecture  ? Data Migration and Reconciliation    Project Management Tools (PMO) Trade Communication and Networking  ? MS Office Suite ? SWIFT  ? Microsoft Visio and Project ? MQ  ? SharePoint Development ? FIX  ? JIRA/Confluence ? SFTP File Drop  ? Clarity  ? Zenhub  ? Ralley    Process Improvement and Engineering Compliance  ? Process documentation (Operations and IT) ? Data Governance and Integrity  ? Strategic planning ? Norkom  ? Time and motion studies ? OFAC  ? Current vs. Target state redesign ? Sanctions  ? Root cause analysis ? Anti-Money Laundering  ? Gap analysis, ? Know Your Customer  ? Organizational re-alignment ? Client Onboarding  ? Change Management ? Relationship Management (Refreshes by risk)