Release Coordinator - IT Release Coordinator - <span class="hl">IT</span> Release Coordinator - IT - United Shore Financial Services LLC Sterling Heights, MI Passionate IT professional who drives process improvement in an agile environment through training and support. Outgoing and detail-oriented, with significant experience in training end users and mentoring peers. I strive to build and maintain solid, professional, transparent relationships with a wide variety of people within the organization. Work Experience Release Coordinator - IT United Shore Financial Services LLC - Pontiac, MI September 2017 to Present Developed a new cross-department Root Cause Analysis (RCA) committee  ? Organize and facilitate the weekly meeting  ? Decrease of break/fixes by 30% to date  ? Create KnowledgeBase articles as takeaways to prevent future outages  ? Developed and implemented a new deployment process for an internal application (EDGE)  ? Increase in user story deployment from less than one per day up to four per day  ? Designed Release Management training for all IT new hires and BAX (Business Analyst Excellence) courses  ? Facilitate training  ? Update materials as needed    ? Coordinated Release Management (deploys) with application developers and other team members  ? Ensure changes and related communications meet basic quality and accuracy standards  ? Facilitate use of IT ServiceNow build calendar to avoid scheduled freezes, holidays, patching, and large infrastructure change migrations  ? Evaluate high-risk changes and communicate to all business systems impacted  ? Facilitate weekly Technology Review Committee Meetings (TRC) Project Manager Nextep Systems - Troy, MI February 2016 to September 2017 Managed multiple projects simultaneously while maintaining customer, project team, and Nextep's expectations for project schedule, scope, cost, and quality  ? Acted as a liaison between the design, development, implementation, and installation teams  ? Lead project manager for numerous BurgerFi locations - included communication with corporate managers and franchisees  ? Implemented the process of enforcing in-person kickoff meetings for projects with the menu building and UI/UX teams to strategize design and flow for each customer  ? Identified potential project risks and planned for contingencies  ? Decreased the number of change requests (CRs) and increased target completion date percentages Implementation Coordinator 365 Retail Markets - Troy, MI July 2014 to February 2016 Received and input an average of 180 orders per month into Salesforce while maintaining the SLA of 2 hours  ? Worked closely with project and operations teams to ensure due dates were met for key deliverables  ? Tasked with onboarding and providing remote training for all new 365 Retail Market customers  ? Served as a point of contact for internal and external customers, from order initiation to completion  ? Developed and delivered progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations to senior leadership  ? Developed strong working relationships with all 365 Retail Market customers Sales/ Project Coordinator - IT National Technology Management - Southfield, MI December 2011 to July 2013 Coordinated the sales team by managing schedules, tracking leads, and keeping Salesforce current  ? Ensured the adequacy of sales-related equipment and/or materials  ? Conducted on-site training sessions for external customers who purchased new phone systems  ? Managed changes in project deliverables  ? Represented company at networking and marketing events Long-term and guest educator EDU Staffing Services - Detroit, MI September 2008 to June 2011 Collaborated with colleagues to adapt curriculum and lesson plans to Michigan's evolving Common Core Standards  ? Created an environment to launch students' enthusiasm for learning  ? Applied instructional methods and material that were most appropriate for meeting lesson objectives Education Project Management Professional Saginaw Valley State University July 2019 Bachelor of Science in Education in Elementary & Social Studies majors Baker College of Clinton Township Skills .NET (Less than 1 year), Acrobat (Less than 1 year), Adobe Acrobat (Less than 1 year), Change Management (Less than 1 year), Employee Engagement (Less than 1 year), End User Training (Less than 1 year), iOS (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Project (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER (Less than 1 year), MS Office (Less than 1 year), process improvement (Less than 1 year), Project Management (Less than 1 year), SharePoint (Less than 1 year), Team City (Less than 1 year), Team Foundation Server (Less than 1 year), training (5 years), Visio (Less than 1 year), Visual Studio (Less than 1 year), Deployment, Waterfall Links http://linkedin.com/in/nicole-rademaker-2027591a Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES ______ ______ _____ _  Change Management| Project Management| IT Service Management |Process Improvement| Agile Methodology| Employee Engagement and Motivation | End User Training | Stakeholder Engagement| Release Management    SPECIALITIES: SOFTWARE APPLICATION PROFICIENCIES ____  • SharePoint, Confluence, Team Foundation Server(TFS), Team City, Octopus, Visual Studio, ServiceNow, Salesforce  • Windows, MS Office, Chrome OS, iOS, Adobe Acrobat, Snagit, OneNote, Visio, Microsoft Project