Sr. IT Project Coordinator Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Sr. IT Project Coordinator - Towns, Municipalities, Schools and SMB for IT Project Coordination Work Experience Sr. IT Project Coordinator Towns, Municipalities, Schools and SMB for IT Project Coordination January 2019 to Present Working with Towns, Municipalities, Schools and SMB for IT Project Coordination  ? Responsibilities: Using different technologies to help evaluate what technologies work best for our customers; being vendor agnostic we use symbiotic technologies like VEEAM and Data Domain from Dell/EMC to bring the best solutions that fit their needs. Determining needs like SSD, or Disc and different speeds like 7k, 10k or 15k rpm for disc drives. Back-up and DR solutions such as Unitrends, VEEAM, etc As well as smaller projects such as Active Directory Migrations and Firmware Upgrades.  ? Finding leads and handing them off to our lead engineer and owner to finish closing the deal.  ? Building continuous relationships with our customers and potential prospects for the future. BDM (Business Development Manager) ClearBridge Technology Group August 2017 to January 2019 Responsibilities: Prospecting new Clients in order to provide IT Consulting services to companies such as ThermoFisher, Ascena Retail Group; learning the technologies behind the projects to provide the best possible service and candidate to our clients; Taking a tight and in depth scope of each project for Statement of Work; Asking second and third level questions to gain the best insight into the projects clients are working on or have coming up; meeting with Clients and building relationships with them in order to close deals.  ? Met my quota of $1.2 mil in 2018 - with an average deal size between $80k and $100k ISR (Inside Sales Rep) BAO (By Appointments Only) October 2014 to September 2017 Responsibilities: Setting qualified meetings for Major IT companies with prospects; Rep relations; managing calendars; multi-tasking; Data Entry; Time management between different clients/campaigns QCR (Quality Control Rep) Barclay Personnel Systems - Temp Agency May 2014 to September 2014 Responsibilities: Working with ISR's and making sure meetings occurred; rescheduling meetings; Quality controlling the scheduled meetings for B2B  ? Exceeded my quotas of 30 reschedules per month every month as well as teaching new QCRs after the first 2 months. Education Associates Degree of Applied Science in Information Technology in hand Kaplan University 2009 to 2011 Skills CRM EXPERIENCE, PROSPECTING, COLD CALLING, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS, DYNAMICS, DYNAMICS CRM, MICROSOFT DYNAMICS CRM, CRM, BUSINESS TO BUSINESS, ADVERTISING, BUSINESS MANAGEMENT, EXCEL, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, ONBOARDING, SCHEDULING, TEAM PLAYER Additional Information Skills    ? Proficient Skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point  ? Prospecting/Hunting for the Target Audience  ? Ability to learn quickly and self-teach; as well as a team player  ? Good listener and communicator verbally and written  ? Computer literate with extensive software proficiency  ? Self-motivated and always ready and eager to learn new techniques/skills  ? Good working skills in Business Management  ? Sales Force, Bullhorn, Microsoft Dynamics CRM experience  ? Business to Business cold calling with proven track record of meeting quotas per quarter  ? Advertising on social media  ? Managing onboarding customer process - scheduling times to meet the clients, data entering client information into the system, on boarding reps, Appointment setting