Float Pool RN Float Pool RN charge nurse Herndon, VA Experienced Registered Nurse with a demonstrated history of working in the hospital & health care industry. Skilled in Nonprofit Organizations, Clinical Supervision, Geriatric Nursing, Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS), and Administration. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Float Pool RN Inova Loudon Hospital - Leesburg, VA January 2014 to Present Staffed all acute care units in hospital, including medical-surgical, telemetry, oncology, psychiatry, pediatrics, post-partum, observation, overflow, and ED holding.  Participated in the peer review committee, conducting peer reviews, interviews, & annual evaluations.  Precepted new and experienced nurses to various units as needed.  Responsible for assisting to run the overflow unit, including opening & closing the unit, placing patients, & other various administrative duties. Staff RN Inova Fairfax Medical Center - Annandale, VA October 2012 to December 2014 • Acted as charge nurse for unit when needed.  • Successfully led & participated in committees to solve problems & implement improvements on the unit.  • Mentored & precepted nursing students & all newly hired nurses, including experienced nurses and newly licensed nurses.  • Provided holistic, patient-centered care for patients with strokes, neurological disorders, neurosurgery & other various medical disorders.  • Created, implemented & evaluated effective plans of care individualized to each patient & communicated effectively with a multidisciplinary team. Clinic Coordinator Loudoun Free Clinic - Leesburg, VA April 2012 to August 2014 Directed evening clinic operations, including coordinating nurse  staffing.  ? Served as a member on a board of volunteers to implement changes.  ? Coordinated patients, nurses, interpreters, & providers to promote  ideal operational flow.  ? Worked with volunteer coordinator to facilitate the training of new  volunteer nurses.  ? Successfully developed & piloted the position of clinic coordinator.  ? Successfully developed & implemented a comprehensive nurse  training program for the clinic.  ? Contributed to the development of and transition to Care360.  ? Assisted in fundraising activities for the clinic. IT Voice Operator & Project Manager Inova Health Systems - Falls Church, VA December 2009 to October 2012 Contributed to preparing various programs for implementation of Epic.  ? Completed projects to update information feeding into phone system.  ? Efficiently answered & transferred incoming hospital calls.  Skills/ Clinic Nurse Loudoun Free Clinic - Leesburg, VA December 2011 to April 2012 Coordinated various community resources to provide patients w/  excellent free care.    ? Performed ECGs, general lab work, vital signs, etc.    ? Dispensed medications per physician's orders.    ? Educated patient on physician's plan of care, medications, & wellness. Education Bachelor's in Nursing George Mason University - Fairfax, VA August 2008 to May 2012 Nursing Licenses RN Expires: December 2019 State: VA Skills RN, Med Surg, Hospital, Medical Surgical, Staff Nurse