Scrum Master/Agile Coach/ Project Manager Scrum Master/Agile Coach/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scrum Master/Agile Coach/ Project Manager - Bio-Rad San Francisco, CA Work Experience Scrum Master/Agile Coach/ Project Manager Bio-Rad - Hercules, CA June 2018 to Present contingent project contract)  * As SCRUM MASTER/AGILE COACH for 3 Scrum teams provided Agile/Scrum teams (U.S., EMEA, India) new to the Agile Scrum framework, Agile transition teaching and coaching to baseline, clarify, and align teams' knowledge of the Scrum framework. Collaborated and coordinated project efforts with Bio-Rad Leadership, PMO, offshore teams (Hyderabad, India; Paris, France), near-shore domestic teams (vendors: Wipro, Slalom, Method 360).    ? Created/directed transition plan from Waterfall to Agile Scrum framework (ATOM - financial data migrations; financial systems upgrade, Order-To-Cash (OTC) project - supply chain system upgrade, R2-Gross Margin system upgrade)  ? Coached PMO, development teams, business/finance stakeholders in the business case for, and longer term enterprise benefits of the Agile Scrum framework.  ? Provided teams and leadership with numerous training sessions in Agile and Agile Scrum framework, to align with various Bio-Rad - specific compliance/work environments.  * Used a three phase Agile/Scrum transition: teaching, coaching, advising.  * Aligned Agile/Scrum teaching/coaching with the enterprise's project needs and team maturity.  ? Used specific strategies to manage significant resistance to Agile Scrum adoption.  ? Taught and coached stakeholders/users, development teams/ product owner to analyze features/epics/ user stories, and in the use of user story development/estimation and splitting techniques to create more manageable story size for effective sprint planning and sprint execution.  * Led initial discovery/user story writing workshops for OTC Supply Chain/R2-Gross Margin system upgrades/feature enhancements culminating is development-ready "requirements".  ? Coached internal and vendor teams and Product Owner in Sprint Planning key elements:  * Sprint goal (by the Product Owner),  * Product backlog grooming  * Product backlog items (PBIs) that meet team's "definition of ready," defined acceptance criteria/"definition of done", constraints, risks, appropriately sized items, estimated, prioritized, consideration of team composition and capacity,  * Iterative/progressive task development.  * Taught & Coached teams/leadership: Release Planning, Sprint mapping, Sprint Planning  * Suggested process/metrics to improve sprint planning/task identification efforts.  ? Established Sprint Retrospective atmosphere of safety, trust, and honesty to promote open and honest discussions of current and historical sprint challenges.  * Coached teams on the importance of the Sprint Retrospective focusing on:  * Self-inspection, processes, practices, communication, environment, artifacts, tools, team collaboration, inputs and focal points rather than solely on subjective individual commentary.    * As PROJECT MANAGER partnered closely with third-party vendor service managers and engineers to facilitate team understanding of the underlying data and derive the intended outcomes to produce the qualitative visualizations to meet established reporting requirements/user stories.  * Collaborated with domestic IT teams, department Sr. Program Manager, third-party vendors to create, monitor the project plan to develop data flow model and data migration of five enterprise data bases; facilitated the integration of Agile Scrum with Waterfall environments.    ? Managed team efforts to focus on table creation in Matillion(ETL) & Snowflake of multiple tables with multiple table joins providing the data structure to begin building enhanced systems software functionality for the OTC/Order-to-Cash Supply Chain tool and R2-Gross Margin systems for Bio-Rad Finance department using Agile Scrum framework  ? Collaborated with engineers to plan and manage system dev for the following tools in the migration effort: Attunity Replicate, Matillion (ETL tool), directly into Snowflake, PowerBI; to organize and drive table creation in Matillion and Snowflake.  ? Created Agile/Scrum project plan as part-and-parcel of a hybrid Waterfall/Agile Scrum project environment (i.e., OTC supply chain project, financial systems upgrade/build-out)  ? Developed Test Plan and coached teams in Agile Scrum testing as executed during each Sprint: consistent and frequent refactoring, regression, unit testing, integration testing, and system testing.  ? Collaborated with Bio-Rad PMO to coordinate Agile Scrum Dev with SOX compliance requirements.    * Collaborated with Scrum team to manage data migration (via Attunity/Matillion (ETL tool), Snowflake (cloud data warehouse), AWS to facilitate the table/view builds to provide data availability as data foundation to system OTC system enhancements and ultimate report builds via PowerBI.    * Consulted with test automation engineer to determine E2E automation workflow from Agile Epics/user stories to deployment to Production. Senior IT Project Manager/Agile Coach Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA November 2016 to January 2017 contingent project contract)  **February 2017-July 2017 returned home to care for family member in hospice    * As Sr. IT PROJECT MANAGER, provided end-of- project leadership (SDLC) and guidance to development domestically dispersed team (10-12).    ? Led business case/ business /functional requirements identification/refinement.  ? Provided guidance for functional/non-functional requirements gathering.  ? Facilitated (multi-tier) architecture and design process to align with target functionality and associated components.  * Maintained team focus on end-to-end traceability of data flows among databases.  ? Provided progressive end-to-end project plan development, performance tracking with MS Project.  ? Developed/tracked/reconciled end-of- project budget $12M vis-à-vis resources capacity, project cost/schedule performance.  ? Implemented risk/issues management framework through implementation/deployment of MS SharePoint tool.  ? Coached team to establish and implement change management protocol to provide enhanced scope creep control and oversight.  ? Facilitated stakeholders/leadership communication with initiation of Stakeholder Mgt. Plan.  ? Drove continuous process improvement/mapping (current state/future state), via Kanban, using MS Visio.    * Led development teams, to identify current state/future state workflow/ process improvement steps using Kanban/ MS Visio.    ? Utilized use cases/user personas to develop end-to-end database build process and data migration process maps with IBM Cognos, Health Engagement Platform (HEP), and vendor's WebMD data tool.    * Implemented Agile Scrum framework to create an iterative (empirical) development process, feedback loop to improve "requirements" discovery methodology, system design architecture, project planning, risk management and team collaboration and communication, and to provide guidance to nurture and enhance team cohesion    * Established protocol for conflict management/resolution. IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master/Agile Coach Autodesk - San Francisco, CA August 2016 to November 2016 Infrastructure Engineering & Delivery/IaaS (contingent project contract)    * As IT PROJECT MANAGER - led onshore/offshore teams and IaaS director to establish clear, relevant, substantive project environment.    ? Autodesk PM for cloud migration project, in collaboration with Microsoft.  ? Developed MS Project, project plan for Skype for Business (SFB) migration to single-tenant MSFT Azure cloud platform in partnership with Microsoft partners.  ? Developed and implemented enterprise-level Risk/Issues management with MS SharePoint tool to better manage migration challenges of MS Exchange/Skype for Business to MSFT's Azure cloud service to provide improved scaling.  ? Collaborated with IaaS director to develop and implement Project Governance Structure.  ? Guided IaaS director and key Autodesk/Microsoft team members in implementation of Change Management framework during migration of MS Exchange/Skype for Business to Microsoft's vNext cloud platform.  ? Drove continuous process improvement/mapping (current state/future state), via Kanban, using MS Visio.  ? Provided budget development, management, review and reconciliation of contractor $6M+ budgets.    * As SCRUM MASTER/AGILE COACH provided Agile/Scrum teams (5-7) new to Scrum framework, Agile transition coaching to baseline, clarify, and align teams' knowledge of the Scrum framework.    ? Created/directed enterprise migration plan from Waterfall to Agile Scrum framework.  ? Used specific strategies to manage resistance to the migration.  ? Used a three phase Agile/Scrum transition in DevOps model: teaching, coaching, advising.  * Addressed Agile/Scrum transition challenges of team and organizational resistance, learning gaps.  ? Provided Product Owner and development team coaching to better understand, various techniques for improved product backlog grooming.  ? Coached teams on best practices for user story writing workshops and user story splitting.  ? Taught & Coached teams/leadership: Release Planning, Sprint mapping, Sprint Planning  ? Clarified for teams the importance and purpose of the Daily Scrum: de-emphasizing "status reporting and judgement," emphasizing daily task synchronization/coordination/strategizing, collaboration, incorporating a task board/ Kanban technique to manage and visualize "work in progress".  ? Coached team and Product Owner in Sprint Planning key elements:  * Sprint goal (by the Product Owner),  * Product backlog items (PBIs) that meet team's "definition of ready," defined acceptance criteria/"definition of done", constraints, risks, appropriately sized items, estimated, prioritized, consideration of team composition and capacity,  ? Established Sprint Retrospective atmosphere of safety, trust, and honesty to promote open and honest discussions of current and historical sprint challenges.  * Coached teams on the importance of the Sprint Retrospective focusing on:  - Self-Inspection, processes, practices, communication, environment, artifacts, tools, team collaboration, inputs and focal points rather than solely on subjective individual commentary.  Scrum teams were globally dispersed (EMEA, APAC, N. AMER, and L. AMER). Database Developer/Data Analyst Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA March 2016 to April 2016 contingent project contract)    * As DATABASE DEVELOPER, worked with Director of Department of Quality, Safety, and Resource Management, Business Analysts, and DBAs to perform data normalization and develop multiple MS Access databases as the RDBMS for patient quality data.    * Collaborated with department director to progressively develop database structure/architecture.    * Collaborated with teams in ETL data migration process:  ? Worked with BI team and core team to better determine whether existing data could be readily used for other purposes.  ? Initiated efforts to improve search capability by tagging with keywords, descriptions, or assigning it to a category.  ? Facilitated team assessment of data quality, determining whether the data conforms to particular standards or patterns.  ? Guided risk assessment efforts in terms of data integration into new applications.  ? Assess the risk involved in integrating data in new applications. IT Project Manager/Scrum Master - ICD-9/ ICD-10 Migration Project Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA April 2015 to January 2016 contingent project contract)    * As PMO PROJECT MANAGER, collaborated with 7 national regional teams, Project Director, PMO Director, project Chief of Staff to provide PMO project leadership for a $171M federally-mandated, enterprise-wide, ICD-10 code migration project.    ? Collaborated with other project contractors to develop, track, report and manage master project MS Project schedule:  * Extensive use of MS Project to build and manage resource allocation/utilization, dependencies, facilitate Critical Path analysis, cost/schedule performance tracking.  ? Facilitated progressive requirements gathering (e.g., Business case, Business Reqts., functional).  ? Worked with Steering Committee, Sr. leadership to maintain and update project governance structure document and provide project status updates.  ? Collaborated with regional team managers, developers to facilitate the development/upgrade of 180+ applications, verify federal mandated compliance criteria for successful completion.  ? Developed/maintained SW Release Mgt. plan.  ? Drove continuous process improvement/mapping (current state/future state), via Kanban, using MS Visio.  ? Collaborated with teams and end-users in UAT: test case development, and UAT certifications. Worked with Regional Team Leads (RTLs) in compliance verification related to Reporting & Analytics: Critical Reports.    * As SCRUM MASTER, introduced a formalized Scrum framework to guide teams' learning.    ? Provided Scrum teams (4-5) 3W sprints, guidance to develop product backlog/release planning through business case/ requirements analysis, features lists to drive more relevant initial epic/feature/user story creation and to facilitate sprint planning.  ? Coached developers in the use of user story techniques, guiding that development with iterative functionality analysis and user story creation and splitting methods.  ? Provided oversight and coaching for user story estimation.  ? Coached teams to conduct effective Daily Standups, de-emphasizing "status reporting and judgement," emphasizing daily task synchronization, coordination, collaboration, incorporating a task board/ Kanban technique.  ? Coached product manager (i.e., Product Owner) and scrum teams in Product Backlog grooming techniques.  ? Coached Product Owner in the conduct of Sprint Reviews  ? Laid foundation to create Sprint Retrospective atmosphere of safety, trust, and honesty to promote open and honest discussions.  * Coached teams on the importance of the Sprint Retrospective focusing on processes, practices, communication, environment, artifacts, tools, team collaboration. Project Manager/Procurement Budget Analyst MICROSOFT - Redmond, WA January 2015 to March 2015 - SMSG/Contractor/Supplier Cost Management (contingent project contract)  * As PM/PROCUREMENT/BUDGET ANALYST and in preparation for Microsoft's FY2016 budget cycle.    ? Conducted procurement cost analysis: data research, collection, aggregation and analysis to re-evaluate end-to-end, corporate-wide procurement processes.  ? Engaged globally dispersed procurement managers, business segment managers and stakeholders to identify opportunities for effective cost management of external resources and supplier performance.  ? Used advanced MS Excel functionality to provide data analysis as to validity, accuracy, usability of Microsoft's rate card data..  ? Developed graphical dashboards and reporting documentation rates for presentation to Microsoft budget committee.  ? Engaged Cost Benefit Analysis to determine viability of use of specific types of technical HR resources vs. SW tools/HW resources, within a specified payback period.  ? Created MS Access databases to provide a RDBMS to improve project-related data management/analysis. IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master/Agile Coach - ESAR Project IBM - Olympia, WA January 2014 to May 2014 ACES/ Obamacare Exchange (contingent project contract)    * As PROJECT MANAGER, collaborated with IBM, Northrop Grumman, WA State health care directorates and federal agencies (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) - (70 + team members) on the $36M ESAR project, phase 1 to develop Washington's Health Benefits Exchange (HBE)/ Health Plan Finder (Obamacare) state web portal, eligibility rules engine.    ? Worked with UI/ UX designers to design a specific user experience to accommodate a state-wide demographic to effectively engage a critical Web portal (i.e., ACES system) to access critical public assistance/welfare/retirement/healthcare/unemployment benefits and services.  ? Involved in management of $36M budget tracking variances, burn rates, budget-task allocation, and tracked markers for scope creep. Developed $49M Phase II/III budget to be submitted to CMMS.  ? Led interdepartmental/interagency weekly ACES legacy Maintenance & Operation (M&O), change request (CRs) management process and risk/issues meetings with project staff, IV&V group, and WA State officials, via (MS Access/SharePoint) to evaluate and strategize risk/issue dynamics.  ? Extensive use of MS Project/Jira to build and manage project schedules, iteration development, resource allocation, dependencies, performance; monitored: features, issues, estimate/re-prioritize user stories and bugs, manage velocity, track and report story points.    * As SCRUM MASTER, introduced a formalized Scrum framework to guide team learning    ? Provided Scrum teams (4-5) 3W sprints, guidance to develop product backlog/release planning through business case/ requirements analysis, features lists to drive more relevant initial epic/feature/user story creation and to facilitate sprint planning.  ? Coached developers in the use of user story techniques, guiding that development with iterative functionality analysis and user story creation and splitting methods.  ? Provided oversight and coaching for user story estimation techniques.  ? Coached teams to conduct effective Daily Standups, de-emphasizing "status reporting and judgement," emphasizing daily task coordination, collaboration, incorporating a task board/ Kanban technique.  ? Coached product manager (i.e., Product Owner) and scrum teams in Product Backlog grooming techniques.  ? Coached team and Product Owner in Sprint Planning and its key elements:  * Sprint goal  * Team's "definition of ready,"  * "Definition of done"  * Defined acceptance criteria,  * Appropriately negotiated, estimated, prioritized, iterative/progressive task development.  ? Coached Product Owner in the conduct of Sprint Reviews.  ? Laid foundation to create Sprint Retrospective atmosphere of safety, trust, and honesty to promote open and honest discussions.  * Coached teams on the importance of the Sprint Retrospective focusing on processes, practices, communication, environment, artifacts, tools, team collaboration.  ? Worked with PMO to implement Waterfall/Agile Hybrid project environment with performance metrics conversion via EVM. Project Manager/Data Analyst Hitachi - Irvine, CA October 2012 to October 2013 contingent project contract)    * As PROJECT MANAGER/DATA ANALYST    ? Solely responsible for corporate revenue/ customer call center data aggregation/analysis.  ? Developed revenue data analysis by geographic sales region and product family.  ? Aggregated/analyzed call center KPIs, performed Web analytics for HGST web site, and full graphical data reporting to senior management through dashboards and PowerPoint.  ? Used advanced MS Excel functionality to identify revenue data trends, anomalies, and performed discovery to determine cause and effect of anomalies for analysis and reporting.  ? Sophisticated use of MS PowerPoint functionality to present status, project team performance and revenue data analysis.  ? Used web-based Survey Monkey tool to create customer surveys/ extract data drive call center performance metrics reporting documents.  ? Developed MS Access database to capture specific customer/product/revenue data. IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master/Agile Coach - SmartConnect Project Southern California Edison - Irvine, CA April 2012 to June 2012 contingent project contract)    * As PROJECT MANAGER, working with Sr. PMs, developers and stakeholders on project to migrate from analog metering systems to a cell phone-based metering technology.    ? Facilitated progressive requirements gathering (business, functional, non-functional).  ? Provided project development/tracking accountability for $80M+ budget terms of budget management, project financials, resource allocation and utilization.  ? Conducted risk/issues assessment, mitigation/contingency planning with other project managers and team on an on-going basis.  ? Monitored/ managed change process/ scope, interdepartmental project status reporting,  ? Collaborated with other PMs to develop and manage SW Release Plan.  ? Led team to develop/ implement stakeholder management plan.  ? Extensive use of MS Project/JIRA to build and manage project schedules, sprint development, budgets, resource allocation, dependencies, performance (EVM).  ? Led continuous process improvement/mapping (current state/future state), via Kanban, using MS Visio.    * As SCRUM MASTER/Agile Coach for (3) scrum teams, 3W sprints, coached and facilitated team adoption of Scrum framework.    ? Introduced a formalized Scrum framework to guide team learning  ? Provided Scrum teams (4-5) 3W sprints, guidance to develop product backlog/release planning/ sprint mapping through business case/ requirements analysis, features lists to drive more relevant initial epic/feature/user story creation and to facilitate sprint planning.  ? Coached developers in the use of user story techniques, guiding that development with iterative functionality analysis and user story creation and splitting methods.  ? Provided oversight and coaching for user story estimation techniques.  ? Coached teams to conduct effective Daily Standups, de-emphasizing "status reporting and judgement," emphasizing daily task coordination, collaboration, incorporating a task board/ Kanban technique.  ? Coached product manager (i.e., Product Owner) and scrum teams in Product Backlog grooming techniques.  ? Coached team and Product Owner in Sprint Planning and its key elements:  * Sprint goal  * Team's "definition of ready,"  * "Definition of done"  * Defined acceptance criteria,  * Appropriately negotiated, estimated, prioritized, iterative/progressive task development. Project Manager/Scrum Master - Accounts Receivable Financing Monterey, CA December 2009 to June 2011 FTE)    * As PROJECT MANAGER, directed business strategy planning for accounts receivable finance brokerage firm.    ? Collaborated with UI/ UX designers to design and shape unique look-and-feel of user Web experience, and create company marketing collateral.  ? Identified and established new debtors and procedures regarding their credit approval.  ? Reviewed incoming schedules, invoices and supporting documents to ensure receivables purchased are appropriate and credit policy compliant.  ? Made verification calls on receivables in line with credit policy and in line with targets for client level and portfolio level verifications.  ? Managed client funding process ensuring any advance and / or reserve release is in line with credit policy and any issues / concerns / future dilution has been addressed or disclosed to factor.    * As SCRUM MASTER/AGILE COACH, 1-3 scrum teams, 3W sprints, coached and facilitated adoption of the Scrum framework.    ? Created/directed enterprise migration plan from Waterfall to Agile Scrum framework.  ? Used specific strategies to manage resistance to the migration.  ? Coached teams to conduct effective Daily Standups.  ? Coached team and Product Owner in Sprint Planning and its key elements.  ? Emphasized the importance of Sprint Reviews for inspect and adapt from stakeholder feedback, as well as Sprint Retrospectives for team continuous improvement. IT Project Manager/ Scrum Master/Agile Coach / UAT Software Tester 3 Communications - Monterey, CA August 2007 to September 2008 contingent project contract)    * As PROJECT MANAGER, directed/collaborated, liaised with 45+ team members, Dept. of Defense, foreign military staff for requirements gathering/analysis and user-acceptance testing of military-based foreign language learning software and other military-related software tools, to systematically test application functionality based on UAT user functional/non-functional requirements and (manual) test cases development.    ? Estimated, developed, and monitored $7 M - $19M project budgets.  ? Facilitated/led requirements elicitation/analysis  ? Utilized SharePoint to create and drive risk/issues management.  ? Initiated and established via Kanban, current state /future state analyses, instituted continuous process improvement protocol.  ? Worked with UI/ UX designers to design a specific user experiences to accommodate active forward deployed military users in battle-forward environments requiring special HW and user-interface functionality.    * As SCRUM MASTER/AGILE COACH, introduced a formalized Scrum framework to guide team learning    ? Created/directed enterprise migration plan from Waterfall to Agile Scrum framework.  ? Coached developers in the use of user story writing/splitting techniques  ? Provided oversight and coaching for user story estimation techniques.  ? Coached teams to conduct effective Daily Standups, de-emphasizing "status reporting and judgement," emphasizing daily task coordination, collaboration, incorporating a task board/ Kanban technique.  ? Laid foundation to create Sprint Retrospective atmosphere of safety, trust, and honesty to promote open and honest discussions. Education B.A. in International Affairs American University of Paris - Paris, FR Skills PRODUCT MANAGEMENT, PROJECT PLAN, MS PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, VISIO, DATA ANALYSIS, DATABASE, MAPPING, PROGRESS, DATABASE DEVELOPMENT, SAAS, JIRA, UAT, SDLC, RDBMS, IAAS, UI, UX, ESTIMATING, WBS Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) May 2004 to Present (Certification ID: 499823) – Scrum Alliance Project Management Certification February 1999 to Present Project Management Certification – Center for Project Management – San Ramon, CA 