DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CANDIDATE FOR CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER Fort Lauderdale, FL Offering Experience Leading IT Strategy and Execution for Enterprise Corporations     Accomplished and results-driven Technology Executive with broad based expertise building IT strategy, overseeing operations, and directing teams ensuring the performance of enterprise systems and applications for successful   companies in multiple industries.  Expertise in leveraging technology to address and resolve issues, resulting in substantial gains in technical and business operations performance; with Quick Weight Loss Centers, directs a three-person team while managing all facets of   information technology, including procurement, project management, and process automation.    An effective strategist with the ability to work effectively with business leaders to develop strategies and technologies that enhance organizational agility, simplify business processes, maximize productivity, and mitigate risk.    Building and Leading IT Strategy  IT Procurement/License Management  Defining Project Management Strategy  Developing Resilient, Future-Proof Solutions  Assembling Top Teams  E-Commerce/Website Development  Expertise in Cost Containment  Experience in Multiple Industries  Aligning Technology and Business Strategy  Key Advisor to Organization Leaders  Vendor Management  Surpassing Performance Targets Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY QUICK WEIGHT LOSS CENTERS - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2018 to Present Leads vision, strategy, and execution for all facets of information technology at this provider of weight loss management  services and dietary supplements, with authority over a team of three direct reports. Maintains accountability for the performance and availability of systems used by the Operations and Marketing teams, as well as the e-Commerce platform and other client-facing technologies.    • Assumes a lead role in the procurement of technologies with features and functionality aligned with the unique needs of the business; tracks all IT assets and licenses.  • Directs a Managed Service Provider responsible for delivering IT support and vendor management for 44 business centers.  • Leads end-to-end project management for high profile technical initiatives, achieving milestones and deliverables on-time and within budget.  • Orchestrates and executes training for technical and non-technical employees, including the sales organization, the Human Resources department, and employees using a customized POS system; automates training monitoring to gauge the impact of training programs and identify opportunities for improvement.  • Spearheaded the implementation of a new POS system, creating a data warehouse to store POS data and provide the information necessary to build reports providing insight for executive leaders; served as the architect of a BI dashboard providing standard and customized reporting, lowering labor required from weeks to minutes.  • Automated manual processes and introduced a workflow that enables real-time insight into sales transactions, eliminating a manual process involving the daily download of transaction data into the POS system.  • Successfully lowered monthly spend on a vendor for offline call attribution from $8000 to $2500; additionally, secured substantial cost savings by identifying redundant and unused tools and vendors across the IT and Marketing organizations. FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER / PROJECT MANAGER / DIGITAL MEDIA MANAGER VALLEY FORGE FABRICS - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2015 to 2017 A demonstrated record of success and achievement at this company that engages in the wholesale distribution of piece goods  or yard goods of natural or manmade fibers, marked by a promotion to a position of increased influence, authority, and accountability.    As Full Stack Web Developer and Digital Media Manager, entrusted with the administration of the company's web platform  used by clients in the Government, Military, Commercial, and Hospitality verticals, as well as the consumer-focused web  presence. Additionally, coordinated and led internal projects to drive innovation across the company's technology footprint.  Provided guidance and direction to a junior developer and two motion graphics designers.    • Led high-profile initiatives to migrate the business to Magento, enable e-Commerce, and integrations between Magento and the SYSPRO ERP system.  • Developed reports for the sales organization during the transition to e-Commerce and referral-based business, providing insight to the consultants and executives into sales performance.  • Served as the architect of a Content Management System used by Valley Forge Fabrics and its Weaveup subsidiary, empowering marketing teams to easily update website content without requiring high levels of technical expertise or programming.  • Directed the Motion Graphics Team in the production of video content support internal and external sales teams, bolstering the visibility and recognition of the brand among clients and prospects.  • Development environment encompassed HTML5, AngularJS, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, CSS3, PHP, and Expressions Engine. SENIOR WEB DEVELOPER VALLEY FORGE FABRICS - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2013 to 2015 Led the development of websites and web portals for the company's public and private sector clients, while serving as a mentor and advisor to junior web developers. Oversaw development in an environment encompassing AngularJS, HTML5,  JavaScript, JSON, CSS3, PHP, and Expressions Engine / Code Igniter, and produced and managed e-Commerce sites built in OpenCart and ZenCart.    • Championed the adoption of new tools and technologies for use by the Marketing and Operations teams, including Asana for work and project tracking, as well as Nuxeo for digital asset management. PROJECT MANAGER / IT ADMINISTRATOR /WEB DEVELOPER MODEL EXPO - Hollywood, FL 2008 to 2013 Hired to maintain IT infrastructure for retail store operations for this leading manufacturer and provider of historically  accurate and authentic model kits and precision tools, as well as a self-hosted Microsoft based e-Commerce store which was  proxied to Ecometry (Retail Escalate) running on HP3000.    • As Project Manager and IT Administrator, partnered with the CEO and a business analyst to build and execute strategies for online B2B/B2C marketing and social engagement. Early Career • CEO / CTO, Bluedge Consulting, Fort Lauderdale, FL  • IT Director, Secura Health, Fort Lauderdale, FL  • Web Designer / Developer, Broward Community College, Fort Lauderdale, FL  • Business Partner and Developer, Dahn & Henry IT Group, Fort Lauderdale, FL  • Technical Support, The Answer Group, North Lauderdale, FL Education Bachelor of Science degree in e-Business ARGOSY UNIVERSITY Associate of Arts degree in Business Administration BROWARD COMMUNITY COLLEGE Associate's Degree in Electronic Engineering in Electronic Engineering ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE