IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Ankrom Moisan Architects Vancouver, WA Work Experience IT Project Manager Ankrom Moisan Architects - Portland, OR December 2015 to Present Leads financial objectives; manages IT budget and controls all purchasing; completes live reconciliation of IT budget; ensures timely renewals for cashflow purposes; researches alternative product sources to ensure competitive pricing  ? Ensures licensing and contract compliance; manages all software licensing for 360 users; reallocates licensing based on usage to minimize cost; saved $30,000 in 2017 by live license tracking  ? Saved company $60,000 in 2016 by careful purchasing, negotiations, and software management; experience with a multitude of software used within AEC IT and project management  ? Verifies results by conducting system audits of technologies implemented; preserves investments by regularly auditing inventory of company assets; assists with data collection for external audits  ? Operates as SharePoint administrator; collaborated with developer to build site based on mock-up design with HTML/CSS/JS knowledge  ? Assists with IT staff recruiting, selecting, and training employees  ? Maintains efficiency by documenting and tracking the department's strategic plans  ? Assists with execution of test disaster recovery plans and backup procedures  ? Maintains quality of service by helping to enforce organization technology standards  ? Assists with setting project expectations; planning, monitoring, and control; manages the operations of 8 IT staff; prioritizes tasks for staff based on project requirements Residential Account Manager Alpha Ecological Pest Control - Vancouver, WA February 2013 to December 2015 Receive and place up to 130 customer calls daily  ? Strategically schedule appointments to fit routes with optimum efficiency  ? Quickly and accurately enter data for up to 300 accounts daily  ? Communicate solutions, deescalate customer calls, negotiate on write-offs and refunds  ? Market desirable company characteristics to potential customers; suggest alternatives to canceling customers and conserve their business with the company  ? Modified new-customer call scripts to accumulate the maximum customer base Education Certification in Project Management Portland State University - Portland, OR August 2017 Bachelor of Science in Biology Washington State University Vancouver - Vancouver, WA December 2015 Associate of Arts Clark College - Vancouver, WA June 2012 Skills SOLUTIONS (2 years), MULTITASKING (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Highlights of Qualifications:  ? Work well independently and has outstanding people skills; successfully works in a team or with diverse groups; fulfills responsibilities under minimal supervision; self-motivated  ? Interacts effectively with staff and vendors; able to recognize needs and meet them while remaining friendly and professional  ? Researches effective solutions to problems to reduce operational risk  ? Demonstrates high performance standards, including attention to schedules, details, understanding of protocol, and overall punctuality, reliability, and perfect attendance  ? Exceptional written and oral communication, analytical, organizational, and multitasking skills