IT Project Coordinator-Salesforce <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator-Salesforce Project Management Tarpon Springs, FL Work Experience IT Project Coordinator-Salesforce PwC - Tampa, FL 2017 to Present • Maintain FY Budget for the Solution Workstream, ensuring the Salesforce implementation is within budget, scope and on-time delivery.  • Maintain accurate records of resources, and vendors to ensure the success of the project.  • Supported the Workstream leads with presentations, event & meeting coordination, and projects which helped create an effective process and successful completion of task.  • Managed and processed Invoices for the Solution Workstream  • Partnered with other Workstream Leads that resulted in a strong and positive business relationship which helped to ensure success within the project.  • Responsible for implementation of the CV list project that helped simplify changes to internal systems that affected all Workstreams. IT Project Coordinator BIC GRAPHIC - Clearwater, FL 2017 to 2017 2017  • Assist in establishing new processes with Development and Business Analysts teams for the adoption of Agile methodologies.  • Manage Project Live team-Integration of MacPac products into Oracle EBS system.  • Develop project status reports and communication to our Stakeholders and committee members.  • Research and implement a new Agile tool (Jira) to better assist with the tracking of bugs and development task.  • Drive standup and sprint meetings with the team and the Business.  • Manage the IT Prioritization meetings with the Business to help organize new projects for next Sprint cycles.  • Manage critical migration project adhering to strict deadlines and budget. Salesforce-( IT) Project Manager ROGHNU - Tampa, FL 2016 to 2017 • Manage the implementation of Salesforce in one of our Client locations using an agile methodology.  • Ensure that all project scope, costs and timelines are both defined and achieved.  • Define requirements, develop project plans in MS Project, and document our commit to customers.  • Assist in establishing processes for budget tracking, change management, and project timelines.  • Manage team's support efforts on those projects that are already live and ensure proper tracking is documented.  • Help distribute and track defects and support tickets for the Business.  • Develop project status reports and communication to our Stakeholders and committee members. IT Project Manager I JABIL CIRCUIT - Saint Petersburg, FL 2016 to 2016 2016  • Manage the development of custom SAP technology or information systems to meet current and projected business needs.  • Ensure that all project scope, costs and timelines are defined and achieved.  • Devise or modify procedures to solve complex problems while considering resource capacity, limitations and desired results.  • Participate in prioritizing the implementation of the project with internal and business needs.  • Prepare project plans, manage implementation schedules, and maintain documentation for stakeholders.  • Managed multiple projects in an agile environment at one time with average budgets of $150,000 plus.  • Maintain positive relations with all employees encouraging them to suggest ways of improving IT systems.  • Serve as escalation point for troubleshooting issues and removing road blocks.  • Maintain a good working relationship with customers and vendors.  • Identify creative ways to reduce cost by streamlining processes and systems (i.e. modification of responsibilities or consolidation of tasks, elimination of non-value added processes, or complete re-engineering of processes and systems).  • Drive continuous improvement through trend reporting analysis and metrics management.  • Support and manage the day to day status of tasks assigned for a global team of 13 team members across three regions.  • Provide updates to Stakeholders on project roadmap. GTA Operations Analyst JABIL CIRCUIT - Saint Petersburg, FL 2015 to 2016 • TA Systems/Tools Management: Define process and tool requirements and provide support through meeting participation, project coordination and documentation. Participate in the review, testing and implementation of system upgrades, enhancements and new functionality by creating test scenarios and conducting user acceptance testing.  • Reporting and Metrics: Design and develop routine and complex custom reports in SuccessFactors and other TA tools/systems to meet the needs of the business and GTA organization. Field report requests.  • Ensure compliance in all actions, processes and procedures to meet regulatory requirements such as OFCCP, as well as US and/or international employment regulations  • Provide support to GTA Leads, Recruiters, site HR Generalists and HR Managers related to SF Recruitment Module usage, functionality, and issues  • Ensure Jabil's careers site meets compliance requirements and provides candidates with a positive experience in seeking opportunities with Jabil  • Assist in the design and development of accurate dashboards, templates and standard tools, visual aids and materials used to educate, inform and influence the decisions of TA, HR, and business leaders  • Continuously identify, coordinate, lead efforts to improve effectiveness, process improvements and efficiencies including LEAN projects, document control, metrics tracking, and collaborative tool recommendations  • Participate in team projects that address strategic initiatives as directed by the GTA or other Jabil organizations.  • Vendor Management: Contact and collaborate with vendors to support GTA contracts and engagements. Project Coordinator JABIL CIRCUIT - Saint Petersburg, FL 2012 to 2015 • Synchronize all the operations involved in the successful completion of projects for the Global Talent Acquisition Team. Support and enhance customer relationships. Technically capable of delivering high complexity projects.  • Developed Metrics Scorecard, manage reporting and analytics.  • Enhance systems, tools, and streamline processes.  • Respond in a timely fashion to common inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or internal personnel.  • Key member in the Configuration & Implementation of Global Talent Management System.  • Point of contact for technical issues with Applicant Tracking System (Successfactors), troubleshoot and develop solutions for customers and the business.  • Team Lead for Coordinators and Interns and Vendor/Agency Management in the Americas.  • Lead in the redesign of GTA Careers website.  • Responsible for hiring, training and development of Operations team members. Recruiting Coordinator JABIL CIRCUIT - Saint Petersburg, FL 2011 to 2012 Coordinate the processes, people and technologies used to introduce, acquire and attract new employees into the Jabil family.  Responsible for communicating, documenting, tracking, maintaining and presenting various activities and reports throughout the hiring process.  • Provide high quality customer support, communication, information, documentation and tracking of processes to Recruiters and Hiring Managers and other participants as needed.  • Create, track, document and gather data on various processes for open positions and present in clear, concise manner for Recruitment and Hiring managers.    ~ Additional Professional Roles Held Prior to 2011 Education PMP Certification HILLSBOROUGH COMMUNITY COLLEGE July 2013 Certificate University of South Florida February 2011 Bachelor of Arts in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems University of South Florida