Banker III Banker III Brand Ambassador & Brcc Trainer Swanton, VT 1)To serve in a responsible position where I can noticeably contribute to the Growth and success of the organization    2) Learning new ideas and putting them into practice.    3)Seeking a challenging environment that encourages continuous learning and creativity, provides exposure to new ideas, and stimulates personal and professional growth.    4) Comptia A+ certified Computer Hardware Technician looking for entry level position were strong passion for computers, troubleshooting, testing, installing, fixing and maintaining different types of computer hardware and software is utilized. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Banker III People's United Bank - Swanton, VT March 2018 to Present Brand Ambassador & Brcc Trainer Gap Inc - Newport, RI March 2015 to June 2017 USA) Newport (RI) & Miami -33139 (FL)  Ex Emp Id -2631886  Designation: Brand Ambassador & Brcc Trainer  Banana Republic is a global apparel and accessories brand focused on delivering versatile, contemporary classics, designed for today with style that endures. Today, customers can find our product in more than 750 Banana Republic stores in the U.S. and Canada and through our international division and franchise partners, stores in more than 20 countries.  Job description:- Assisting with the Brcc training of all new Brand Ambassadors as needed.  Supporting the execution of all visual merchandise, marketing updates Sales and standards.  Represents the brand, understands the competitors and drives excellent tenant and community relationships Project Manager (Marketing & Business Development) Marconix Inc May 2013 to 2014 Volume Based Deals, Marketing, Rural, Sales Support, Events, Outdoors, Exhibition, BTL,    Job description?  ? Marketing Strategies ? Relationship Development  ?Consumer Behavior ? Project Management ? Team Member  ? Workflow Organization ? Issue Resolution  Marketing & Brand promotion and Sales Coordinator - Duties & Responsibilities  Perform thorough due-diligence on products and their respective marketplace to develop a strong working knowledge of respective markets, consumer behavior, economic trends, and industry competition for improved product placement  ? Utilize various forms of advertising media, including e-mail, experiential marketing, event involvement, web content, and direct mail campaigns, while overseeing the development of corporate marketing literature? Facilitate the execution of needs-based client assessments through product and market research as well as qualitative analysis of focus groups and consumer feedback to generate effective solutions that fall within designated budgets and other program constraints  ? Collaborate in strategic capital budgeting efforts and ROI analyses, while furnishing high-quality guidance regarding effective brand development strategies, pricing, expense management, and consumer trends  ? Manage inside sales team with effective delegation of tasks, regular activity reviews, and weekly mgmt reporting  ? Develop and implement marketing campaigns while tracking results versus established internal and external benchmarks, leading cross-functional team meetings to add synergy across marketing and sales departments while ensuring timely concept execution  ? Provide continuous assessment of marketing strategies, demographics, and potential customers, training team members and collaborating with senior management to increase presence and develop high-quality client relations  ? Generate and maintain strategic relationships with and between vendors, clients, media firms, and public relations professionals  Projects Handled Till August 2014  1) Sobha Developers (Real Estate) Rwa and Corporate Activities for Lead Generation (25 Activities Done)  2) Shriram Properties (Real Estate) Rwa and Corporate Activities and branding for Lead Generation (11 Activities Done)  3) Camlin Pan South mall, modern and Traditional retail Outlet Execution (Marketing)  4) Johnson and Johnson Outlet Branding execution for Apollo outlet pan south  5) Carrier Media pan South Executions for modern Retail demonstration (Dry Sampling)  6) Abbott and Sanofi Pasteur India Pan south Executions for Clinics and Hospital Branding  7) Hindustan Unilever Branding Pan south dealers outlet Branding -Bru, knorr, Lipton Green Tea  8) TasteyKhana.com Marketing & outdoor branding in Bangalore  9) Other Activities Like- Principal Funds Crossword Branding, Heartbeat Chocolate Free sampling, Business Development Manager/ IT Head MyDeals247.com March 2013 to May 2013 MyDeals247.com offers revolution technology in the e-commerce industry which identifies individual's preferences, interests, then delivers on-the-fly adjustments that make each customer feel the site was built just for him or her. It's pretty much like having your own e-commerce or online store to fulfil your own needs on daily basis. MyDeals247 brings the lowest offers from the sellers based on buyer's request in the local markets - all the bids from sellers happen real time and very much live. Also, MyDeals247.com provides the current need analytics (on daily basis) to the sellers in the local markets.  A Real-Time Market Place (Buy/Sell)  Volume Based deals  Personalized Ad display and 'Pay Per Lead'    Job description  • Responsible for meeting sales goals and overall quality of service.  • Send follow-up marketing materials and make follow-up monthly calls to establish relationships.  • Manage product sales growth and individual sales effectiveness by reviewing sales activity schedule.  • Ensured customer program satisfaction.  • Provided management with suggestions for improving volume, market share and price levels.  • Inspired each and every team member to perform and produce their best.  • Determined the duties and responsibilities of individuals in a team.  • Analyzed the individual performance of each team member and motivated them to perform even better.  • Organized training workshops to improve the performance of the members who were lagging behind in terms of performance.  • Analyzed the assigned projects and distributed tasks to the members as per their area of expertise. Front Desk/ IT Assistant Hotel Evoma October 2012 to January 2013 Evoma was started in 2002 at Whitefield Bangalore, as a business centre. The success of this venture prompted us to open our second business incubation centre at K.R Puram in 2005, with an added advantage of a luxury hotel.    Job description  • Answered customers' calls and guided them by solving their predicaments.  • Received and greeted clients politely, leaving a positive impression of the firm in their minds.  • Sorted general complaints and issues of workers and customers.  • Set appointments for managers and clients per request, with due consideration to their schedules.  • Coordinated with the staff at meetings and conferences to make arrangements for refreshments and meals.  • Collected emails and replied as per the instructions of seniors and mangers.  • Work on desktop and laptop issues, printers and Lan / Wi-Fi small scale networking. Computer Hardware Maintenance Engineer February 2008 to January 2011 AVI Services and Suppliers is a leading provider of IT services in Udhampur. In the past one decade of its existence, AVI has carved out a niche for itself in core IT hardware software areas like IT Hardware Software services, IT product engineering services.  Job description  • work on desktop and laptop issues, printers and other per fills  • Installation of OS like Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7,8,10  • Handling all kind of software, anti-viruses issues and troubleshooting  • Assembly of all unbranded desktop and part hardware replacements issues  • Basic knowledge of networking in small scale like home networking for 2 pc  • Installation of LaserJet, DeskJet printers and small home (PTP) / (wifi) modems Education Bachelor Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration Sikkim Manipal University Skills Sales (4 years), Marketing (4 years), Computer Hardware (3 years) Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ October 2017 to October 2020