IT Product Owner, Finance Platform <span class="hl">IT</span> Product Owner, Finance Platform IT Product Owner, Finance Platform Edwardsville, IL Work Experience IT Product Owner, Finance Platform Bayer, Creve Coeur - West Campus - St. Louis, MO January 2018 to March 2019 Maintained effective communication in the Agile Development team by working with multiple  stakeholders in both business and IT to collaborate/drive results, applying superior in-depth knowledge of integration, data analytics, UX metrics and measurement which met deliverables.  • Create and maintain performance metrics across Finance Hubs using JIRA project management tool to provide IT Leads with clear and correct decision making data.  • Served as liaison between IT and Accounts Payables Disbursements to analyze system problems and come up with viable solutions.  • Interact and work with Agile Development teams for advanced sprint planning and distinctive software  product design.  • Prioritizing product backlog in JIRA project tracking tool, translating technical requirements to clearly  defined user stories which the development team understands.  • Analyze, define and set project requirements, scope, goals and deliverables, by creating project plans in a timely manner, and communicate project status to key stake holders.  • Eliminated failure points in SAP PI check processing system by investigating and analyzing system  problems and implementing viable solutions along with clear and precise documentation and policies for future fixes.  • Consistently launched value added projects to production by coordinating, conducting and documenting  tests in SAP FI Development and Quality Environments for Finance Accounts Payable enhancements.  Achievements:  • Successfully investigated, recovered and processed 5869 checks including EFTs which were missing  totaling US$63,229,362 and CA$10,446,139 recovered and updated in SAP Accounts Payable Module  system.  • Successfully deployed 6 enhancement projects to the SAP Accounts Payable module which eliminated the manual entry of employee vendors, automated payment runs between Monsanto and TD Bank, Citi Bank  for USA and Canada and implemented switch from Negative Pay to Positive between Monsanto and Citi  Bank. IT Product Manager Co-Op Internship, Finance Platform Monsanto, Creve Coeur - West Campus - St. Louis, MO June 2017 to December 2017 Sets direction for the product by creating product road maps in AHA and tracking same through product  backlog in JIRA.  • Collaborate with key stakeholders and development team to scope job requirements for projects.  • Make feature and functionality priority calls by prioritizing product backlog.  • Acts as a facilitator by maintaining proper communication in the finance team.  • Plan and co-ordinate activities between cross-functional teams for projects on the platform to ensure  teams have all necessary tools to work efficiently.  Achievements:  • Created a Finance Platform Enhancement Monitoring Dashboard using JIRA with performance metrics  which provides IT Leads with decision making data on efficiency of resources and performance across all  IT Hubs.  • Created eCATT in SAP to upload mass fixed assets for Europe Middle East business region of Monsanto. Team Lead & Accounts Receivables Specialist University Exchange Bookstore August 2014 to June 2017 • Prepares, reviews and mails monthly customer statements.  • Posts revenues by verifying and entering transactions.  • Summarizes receivables by maintaining invoice accounts, coordinating monthly transfer to accounts  receivable account, verifying totals, and preparing reports.  • Calculate and post receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts and verify details of transactions, such as funds received and total account balances.  • Posts customer payments by recording check payments in Centralized AR System.  Achievements:  • Significantly reduced aged accounts by 93%, collecting a total of approximately $1.3m in revenues.  • Implemented an efficient accounts receivables process which resulted in quick collection of revenues. Graduate Assistant/ Project Managing Prairie View A&M University, College of Business - Prairie View, TX January 2013 to August 2015 Develop and implement communication resources such as newsletters and social media (namely  Facebook and twitter) to provide useful information for graduate students.  • Plan and organize graduate student events such as welcome mixers and graduation dinners.  • Analyse sensitive data using pivot tables in excel to produce reports.  • Maintain communication records between prospective students and the graduate programs.  Achievements:  • Implemented a two-year rotational program schedule of course for in-state and international graduate  students.  • Research and developed program policies for the graduate courses. Education Master of Science in Managing Information Technology Lindenwood University - Saint Charles, MO January 2018 to March 2019 Master in Business Administration in Business Administration Prairie View A&M University - Prairie View, TX August 2013 to August 2015 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Norther Caribbean Univeristy January 2005 to December 2009 Skills ERP, SAP, ACCOUNTING, WRITING SKILLS, FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS  • Project management using agile methodologies (SCRUM).  • Strong communication and writing skills allowing thorough and precise dissemination of information.  • Sound analytical and problem solving skills which allow me to efficiently work on projects and  implement viable solutions.  • SAP/ERP Financial Accounting Modules