IT SR. SCRUM MASTER DELIVERY LEAD <span class="hl">IT</span> SR. SCRUM MASTER DELIVERY LEAD IT SR. SCRUM MASTER DELIVERY LEAD - COMERICA Troy, MI Work Experience IT SR. SCRUM MASTER DELIVERY LEAD COMERICA May 2019 to Present • Scrum Master / Delivery Lead supporting the Product Owner  • Assist Team Members Software Product Development  • Implement Agile and Scrum Practices  • Ready team through just-in-time planning  • Work closely with Product Owner  • Facilitation of ceremonies including standups, planning and execution IT PROJECT LEADER SCRUM MASTER BCFORWARD April 2018 to Present Responsible for developing project plans and leading small projects to completion. Primary duties include, but are not limited to:    Communicate progress, issues, and barriers, to internal and external customers  Agile/Scrum practice, coaching and team instruction to ensure understanding of the methodology  Conduct periodic status meetings  Daily Standups  Scrum Master  Implementation and Migration Projects  SDLC  Agile, Jira, Skype for Business Lync, SharePoint, Confluence  Support for go-live and post-go live operations  Lead remote teams that are implementing and supporting the latest and greatest technologies  Conduct root cause analysis of processes and issues, identifies and makes recommendations for improvements, and develop documentation  Assist in managing project scope to ensure business needs are met and the project scope as defined in the project charter is delivered, identifying, documenting and raising requests for changes from original specifications. IT SR. PROJECT MANAGER SCRUM MASTER VICKI TECHNOLOGIES December 2018 to April 2019 Responsible for managing DX digital projects from conception, requirements-gathering, design, testing, and ultimately to launch for websites and vendor microsites.    Lead Scrum Master on Agile Projects - coordinate and lead activities, ceremonies, communication. Works with business lead to prioritize backlog prioritization. Leads estimation/sizing and sprint reviews with development teams. Leads all sprints to successful implementation.  Train and Coach Agile teams on Agile practices, techniques, and semantics ensuring that all team-related ceremonies take place and those who attend understand their purposes while teaching all to keep within the time-boxes.  Provide support for the development of a sustainable Enterprise Agile Framework.  Work closely with the Product Owner to help align project goals, objectives and schedules and communicates them to a cross-functional execution team.    Responsible for managing / facilitating the Agile ceremonies such as daily standups, planning sessions, and demos. Record and report metrics on team capacity and performance using Jira, Confluence, Kanban presentation.    Keeps business units/stakeholders informed of progress and changes throughout project lifecycle. Acts as communication liaison between business, technology and all supporting teams IT BUSINESS ANALYST/SCRUM MASTER GALAXE SOLUTIONS January 2017 to June 2018 • Business Analyst - Act as a liaison between the business and the development teams  • Work closely with the business team and collaborate with a variety of teams to support delivering technical solutions  • Scrum Master - working with the software architects, engineering leaders, and members of the software engineering team along with offshore teams as they deliver high-quality products and solutions for our customers.  • Project Manager  • Coach team members to practice effective Agile/ Scrum  • CI/CD  • Remove impediments for the team and escalate appropriately  • Insulate Scrum Team from distractions or disruption  • Coach the Product Owner, Development Team, Technology and Business Leaders on Scrum values, principles and best practices  • Knowledge of agile methodology and frameworks of Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc.  • Knowledge about Agile techniques: User Stories, Continuous Integration, Test Driven Development, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Burn down Metrics, Velocity etc.  • Gather business requirements and solutions from the design stage to delivery and SOW  • TFS, JIRA, Confluence, Skype for Business Presentations  • Daily Standups  • Retrospectives using Trello  • Production Pushes - 2 - 3Week Sprints IT BUSINESS ANALYST/SCRUM MASTER MAGNA EXTERIORS - Troy, MI June 2016 to January 2017 • IT project management and software development. Document workflows and processes: provide improvement recommendations.  • Executive Administrator IT Mobile Apps and Website  • Formulate and define project scope and objectives based on team member needs and a good understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. ASSOCIATE PROJECT MANAGER SCRUM MASTER JONES LANG LASALLE July 2016 to September 2016 • Support project executives on large complex projects and assignments.  • Coordinate and track all Vendor RFP's. Maintain accurate and consistent electronic files and documentation. JR PROJECT MANAGER|SCRUM MASTER April 2015 to June 2016 REMOTE)  • Prepare/update project status reports, process purchase orders and invoices, update tracking reports and maintain files for due diligence and financials.  • Evaluate and apply information management best practices for the organization and maintenance of records. SPECIAL PROJECTS MANAGER|SCRUM MASTER LMU October 2014 to February 2015 Responsible for developing and producing events, meetings, conference activities, through strategic planning. Management of client projects. GENERAL MANAGER REGUS June 2010 to November 2013 • Luxury Office Leasing and Consulting.  • Real Estate, contract negotiating, staging, vendor management. Planning, execution project management. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE in Business Management PEPPERDINE UNIVERSITY - Los Angeles, CA Certification California State University Long Beach Extension PMP Lawrence Technology University Extension Skills Pmbok, Pmi, Pmp, Ms project, Sharepoint, Ms office, Database, Kanban, Research analysis, Collection, Database management, Outlook, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Scrum Master, Jira, CSM