Project Manager (Consultant), Enterprise Program Delivery <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant), Enterprise Program Delivery I.T. Project Manager New York, NY As a highly experienced I.T. professional, I am excited to pursue new opportunities of employment a project manager. I am a self-motivated, strategic professional with a record of achievements in both functional and technical roles within challenging financial service and media environments. I have held positions as a senior project manager and business analyst for such companies Moody’s Corporation, Accenture, NASDAQ Stock Market and Goldman Sachs. These experiences have honed my expertise in project management of software development, system integration and I.T. analysis as well as aided in my adaptation to new environments and I.T. organizations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager (Consultant), Enterprise Program Delivery CBS Corporation - New York, NY September 2016 to March 2017 Project Name:  Sales Traffic Implementation – WideOrbit  Project Insight:  • Type: SaaS implementation of an advertising sales and traffic order system for local television and radio markets (+100 markets)  • Methodology: Hybrid  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Medium/Large (<$1m); Wide Orbit Implementation Team, CBS Development, Infrastructure and Analysis Teams (15 resources)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager; Manage all aspects of the implementation from conception to post release support including management of project plan, issue tracking/resolution, budget, review/approval of project documentation, data entry plan, training plan, steering committee communications   • Challenges:   - Alignment of Wide Orbit methodology (Kanban) and CBS methodology (Waterfall)  - To resolve this challenge traditional analysis/design phase took place. During development/testing activities, an agile methodology was deployed with multiple release cycles occurring with concurrent testing tasks  - Integration to 12 broadcast systems and General Ledger (Oracle)  - To confirm proper integration, End to End testing cases were needed to ensure proper data transformation and calculations were occurring and posting. This was also vital as this system required SOX compliance (Auditable at every stage, strict user roles)  • Achievements:  - Successfully released system to initial markets (8 markets) in 5 months with minimal post release support needed and provided proven blueprint for subsequent market releases Senior Project Manager Moody's Corporation - New York, NY March 2013 to September 2015 Projects Name:  Publishing Systems for Moody’s.com December 2014 – September 2015   Project Insight:  • Type: Publishing system portfolio consisting of 12 custom developed applications  • Methodology: Waterfall  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Medium (>$500k); Internal Moody’s technical teams, External Testing Teams (18 resources)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager/BA; Manage all aspects of the maintenance and enhancements on a quarterly basis including management of project plan, issue tracking/resolution, budget, creation of project documentation, steering committee communications   • Challenges:   - Management of Quarterly Enhancement/Bug Fix Scope  - As these systems were created +12 years ago and due to be deprecated (See CMS system info below), Negotiation and visibility over requested enhancements as well as consistent alignment with publishing program was necessary   • Achievements:  - Successfully managed portfolio for several quarterly releases with no production outages    Content Management System September 2013 – November 2014  Project Insight:  • Type: Eidos Media Methode CMS, Full software implementation on Moody’s managed infrastructure  • Methodology: Waterfall  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Extra Large (<$15m); Eidos Media Development team, Moody’s analysis, development, engineering, testing teams (+50 resources in 8 countries)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager; Manage all aspects of the implementation including project plan, issue tracking/resolution, risk management, review/presentation of project documentation, steering committee communications, training plan, testing plan, global release plan (25 global Moody’s offices; 3500 Users)  • Challenges:   - User Adoption and Acceptance - For the past 15 years, Moody’s has published over 100,000 opinions and financial reports a year to Moody’s.com. The User population and technical teams had grown accustomed to a certain process, although filled with pain points from a senior management point of view (inconsistent business process between regions/BU’s, lack of audit trail, critical functions occurring out of publishing systems)  - By mindfully enhancing the packaged system and updating business process globally, We were able to create a robust application that seamlessly integrated to existing systems with room for growth with minimal future upgrade issues that satisfied technology and business pain points. This was done with vigorous current state/future state analysis and design as well as engaging the business community early in the process to allow their personal stake in the application design  - Single Instance of Application serving all Moody’s users globally - The application is hosted in the Western U.S., but accessed by all global office locations including Australia and Asia. Due to this, data replication and latency were a concern  - The infrastructure purchased exceeded recommended system specification provided by the software vendor as well as the use of solid state storage allowed for pre-loading of data which cut the latency to an acceptable level. With minimal service calls during application use, the response of the system far surpassed the current applications.   • Achievements:  - Successfully managed all aspects of the software design, development, testing and implementation. The product was released on-time and under budget.    FP&A System, Oracle Hyperion March 2013 – August 2013  Project Insight:  • Type: Oracle Hyperion Business Intelligence Solution; Full software re- implementation to current version on Moody’s managed infrastructure  • Methodology: Waterfall  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Large (<$5m); IBM development team, Moody’s analysis and infrastructure teams (20 resources)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager; Manage all aspects of the implementation including project plan, issue tracking/resolution, risk management, review/presentation of project documentation, steering committee communications, training plan, testing plan, global release plan  • Challenges:   - Rationalization of data cube technologies (current vs. future) - Version 9.0 of system was managed by the financial planning and accounting teams. With minimal technical oversight, the environment became cumbersome with some key accounting functions happening outside of system (on a monthly/quarterly basis).  - In version 12.0, implemented up to date ODI technologies, and limited the amount of data cubes to be created. This approach lowed the technical maintenance required for the system, lowered the dependency on Excel and provided functionality to increase business insight and forecasting.  • Achievements:  - Successfully managed all aspects of the software design, development, testing and implementation. The product was released on-time and on-budget.    Business Intelligence Solution, OBIEE Pilot June 2013 – August 2013   • Type: Oracle Business Intelligence Solution  • Methodology: Agile  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Small/Medium (<$500k); IBM development team, Moody’s analysis and infrastructure teams (8 resources)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager; Manage all aspects of the implementation including project plan, issue tracking/resolution, risk management, review/presentation of project documentation, steering committee communications, training plan, testing plan,   • Challenges:   - Data to source a brand new application in the environment   - To source data for OBIEE to provide intelligence, We utilized the cubes created in the Hyperion implementation to pilot the application for wider user adoption. From a project planning perspective, this project ran in an agile methodology to align with the Hyperion project.  • Achievements:  - Successfully managed all aspects of the software design, development, testing and implementation. The product was released on-time and on-budget. Project Manager Accenture, LLC - New York, NY December 2012 to March 2013 Projects:  Lloyd’s Banking Group [New York, NY] December 2012 – March 2013  Project Insight:  • Type: Actimize SAM, Anti-Money Laundering System  • Methodology: Waterfall  • Project Size/Resource Make-Up: Medium/Large (<$2m); Actimize development team, Lloyd’s analysis and infrastructure teams (12 resources)  • Role/My Contribution: Project Manager; Manage all aspects of the implementation including project plan, issue tracking/resolution, risk management, review/presentation of project documentation, steering committee communications, data loading plan, testing plan, communication to federal regulators  • Challenges:   - Fully Operational System on Day 1   - As AML systems reply on customer data to build profiles, it was a necessity for preloading scrubbed data. Based on the user population, customer segment and geography, customer profiles were pre-created out of the system in XML and loaded into SAM and verified during UAT for Day 1 full utilization. This approach aided in the tuning of the system parameters to trigger alerts for compliance team investigation.  • Achievements:  - Successfully managed all aspects of the software design, development, testing and implementation. The product was released on-time and on-budget.    J.P. Morgan and Chase [New York, NY] August 2012 – December 2012  Project Lead, Corporate Compliance Group  Workstream lead role to drive global AML reporting process re-engineering and enhance AML metrics reporting for Senior Management.   • Delivered current state/target state assessment of metrics, reporting controls, process flow and data sourcing for development of metric templates utilized by global compliance resources  • Implemented process of weekly reporting, compilation of results, determination of weekly RAG rating for global compliance teams and packaging for Senior Management    J.P. Morgan and Chase [Jersey City, NJ] April 2011 – July 2012  Project Management Analyst, Corporate Internet Group  PMO analyst supporting the planning and execution of several concurrent releases in an effort to enhance/redesign online banking channel for specific high net worth customer segments.  • Managed several projects aligned to 3 major releases (~95k hours of effort)  • Led the coordination and planning of key milestones related to the delivery lifecycle, including coordination with external vendors, aligning varied development methodologies (Waterfall and agile)and change control management  • Supported the demand management process and helped to define the LOB roadmap based on business case, readiness and capacity    BNP Paribas [New York, NY] September 2010 - April 2011  Lead Business Analyst  Consultant leadership role to support PMO and drive technical/functional analysis of a potential solution to support the End State portfolio.  • Developed roadmap and milestones for analysis phase of the End State project across multiple work streams  • Gathered technical and functional requirements from project stakeholders for development of solution to support the End State portfolio  • Refined solution for strict compliance with international accounting frameworks (Basel 2 and GAAP)  • Defined and documented system process flows for Corporate Banking, Capital Markets, Compliance, Front Office and Back Office architecture  • Created executive level presentations (technical and non- technical Lead Business Analyst Sempra Energy - Stamford, CT April 2010 to August 2010 Develop and implement strategy to migrate data for divestiture; focus on middle and back office groups including technical/business analysis, gathering requirements and developing project plan for a team of 4 business analyst.  • Analysis of data with the use of excel/access, diagramming business process/functionality utilizing visio as well as gathering/documenting business requirements  • Creation of workflow procedures for data migration standards within a compliant global environment based on analysis of business and technology processes I.T. Business Analyst Permal - New York, NY December 2009 to April 2010 Development of application functionality; business requirement gathering, creation of workflows for business processes/initiatives, information security reporting as well as creation of custom solutions. Reporting to the Director of I.T. Applications.  • Development and Administration of sharepoint based intranet functionality  • Led QA/UAT process of developed applications including development of test plans, defect review and prioritization   • Documentation of application functionality; including technical documentation, creation of run books, case studies, diagramming and documenting business technical/functional requirements Technical Operations Analyst NASDAQ - New York, NY September 2008 to March 2009 Administered technical operations at MarketSite, heading maintenance of client/server infrastructure. Provided client-facing support to financial news agencies; including technology, market data and sector intelligence support. Served as liaison between business and technology teams to provide solutions, including SDLC, gap, and business process analysis. Reported to Director of Technical Operations.  • Spearheaded SDLC/HLM for production server environment; analyzed technical requirements and recommended what technical changes should occur to satisfy requirements  • Directed operation and maintenance of video wall used to display market data for broadcast reports; managed content of 8-story LED video tower in Times Square and directed data integrity Systems Analyst Goldman Sachs - New York, NY August 2006 to January 2008 Systems Analyst/Consultant (2007-2008)  Provided support and system administration functions to fund managers, front office and back office groups within the GSAM/Investment Management Division. Liaised between business units and technology teams; internalized business processes and devised technical requirements to create innovative solutions. Reported to the Vice President of GSAM technology.  • Enabled more responsive support by creating gap analysis of end-user support model; updated SLAs for global technology support groups  • Played integral role in Problem Definition in workflow process through participating in root cause, use case and gap analysis and prototyping solutions/interfaces via UML    Mobile Technology Analyst/Consultant (2007)  Supported mobile technology solutions to global Investment Banking Division. Provided technology training and support to business units; including creating user documentation, maintaining Sharepoint site content, and developing run books. Initiated reports on technology inventory, including external vendors and account management. Functioned as liaison with external vendors. Reported to the Vice President of mobile technologies/IBD.  • New Business Analysts Training Program – Training of over 200 investment banking analysts on mobile technologies. Training led to an increase in productivity as well as a decrease in mobile technology related support issues  • Developed and managed new analyst program for training technology analysts    Mobile Support Coordinator/Consultant (2006-2007)  Provided mobile technology solutions for Investment Banking Division. Created end-user technical documentation as well as provided end user training. Reported to the team lead of mobile technology.  • Facilitated support and training of mobile technologies to end-users and administrators.  • Compiled and established internal IT data and security standards for mobile technology through evaluating vast amounts of user generated data utilizing MS Access and MS SQL Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration New York Institute of Technology 2008 to 2010 Bachelor of Arts in Digital Media Emerson College 1999 to 2003 Skills SDLC (10+ years), Project Management (8 years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Waterfall (10+ years), Agile (8 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Software Expertise: Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, MS SharePoint, Clarity, Tableau  Products Implemented and Managed: Eidos Media Methode, Oracle Hyperion, Oracle OBIEE, Actimize SAM, WideOrbit, PeopleSoft and custom in-house solutions