Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master Grove City, OH Work Experience Scrum Master Net Jets March 2018 to July 2019 Managed highly complex Salesforce implementations across the enterprise; Managed an ongoing team of 15-20 resources with an annual budget of $4MM; Salesforce initiative included creating a brand new Salesforce environment, implementing Sales and Service Cloud instances for the business.  • Lead Technical Scrum Teams; Lead a team of 15 resources across 3 projects to implement Salesforce as well as internal enterprise applications. Working with the Product Owner, helped define Epics and product MVP. Lead all Scrum ceremonies including Project Backlog Grooming, Sprint Backlog Grooming, Sprint Planning, Daily Stand-Up, and Sprint Retrospectives. Delivered weekly reporting which included story point burn down chart, budget burn up chart, team velocity, and cost per point metrics to tightly control project delivery.  • Managed a Cross Functional Project Teams; managed a program budget of $4MM annually across 15-20 FTE and contracting resources. Scrum Master on the build of the new Sales processes, Salesforce Community, Salesforce Shield, Data Migration Tools, and standing up the new instance for the enterprise. Met monthly with Resource Managers to provide feedback on resources, request new resources, and recommend exits.  • Experience Management Program; Provide project and program level leadership for an effort to establish a new Salesforce instance to be utilized by the NetJets Enterprise. Developed program level roadmap to ensure order or execution unlocks business value early and can be built upon to unlock further value.  • Implemented Design Review Board; Implemented a standard process to review all Salesforce design decisions before being developed and deployed in any Sandboxes; attendees included Chief Architecture Office, Salesforce & Enterprise Architects, and Salesforce developers. Senior Technical Project Manager Advisory Fiserv July 2015 to July 2018 Managed complex technical and business initiatives within the Customer Solutions Group; Scope of projects included Application Upgrades, Software Development, and Process Improvement Initiatives.  • Program Manager - Productization and Monetization; Provide program leadership for an effort to generate 1 million dollars in additional review for the Customer Solutions business unit.  • Managed a Cross Functional Project Teams; Teams consisting of sales leadership, business policy, pricing, product management, marketing, and business process SMEs developed revamped products, services, and pricing to drive revenue. Gained executive leadership on business unit direction and promotion of the revamped solution offering.  • Developed Innovation Team; Developed and Innovation Team and process to allow other areas of the business outside of Customer Solutions to present potential revenue generating ideas. Approved ideas are driven through productization process and delivered to market in 6 to 8 weeks.  • Assisted with Developed Customer Solutions PMO; Partnering with the Director of the Customer Solutions PMO, developed standardized project deliverables matrix and templates. Project Status report cadence and coached junior project managers on all processes to ensure consistent delivery.  • Customer Solutions PMO Clarity Super User; provided support to the Customer Solutions PMO on all Clarity questions. Developed training materials and conducted training sessions to ensure team Clarity functionality agreed to.  • Develop and Track Project Schedules; Developed project plans and track schedule actuals and variances.  • Identify, Track and Mitigate Risks; Developed and added all project risks including budget, scope, and schedule to the risk register as needed. Determined risk metrics and mitigation plans for each identified risk throughout programs and projects.  • Report Project Progress; Developed weekly executive summary reports to inform the PMO and senior management of the status of each project. Determined Red/Amber/Green status and provided "Path to Green" for each project IT Project Manager (Apex Systems Contract) Huntington Bank August 2014 to July 2015 Managed initiatives within the Private Client Group, Wealth Management; Scope of projects included application upgrades of AddVantage Trust Platform, Data Warehouse Initiatives, and Software Development.  • Track Project Budget; Responsible for tracking the budget of a portfolio of projects with a large budget of hours.  • Develop and Track Project Schedule; Developed project plans and tracked projections and actuals. Average duration of projects is 6-9 months with some efforts being shorter.  • Identify, Track and Mitigate Risks; Developed and added all project risks including budget, scope, and schedule to the risk register as needed. Determined risk metrics and mitigation plans for each identified risk.  • Report Project Progress; Developed weekly executive summary reports to inform the PMO and senior management of the status of each project. Determined Red/Amber/Green status and provided "Path to Green" status on weekly call with members of IT senior management.  • HP PPM Management of Projects; Build Work Plans and Staffing Profiles for all resources assigned to the project. Utilize HP PPM to gain sign-off on key project deliverable throughout the project lifecycle. Enterprise Demand & Delivery Project Manager Alliance Data April 2012 to August 2014 Managed a variety of enterprise level initiatives including New Client Implementations, IT Initiatives, and Legal & Compliance projects. Concurrently managed a team of project managers and business analysts to develop and improve internal PMO processes within Enterprise Demand and Delivery.  • Scope of role includes Project Management, Iteration Management, and Enterprise Process Improvement.  • Victoria's Secret Social Media Project, Contradictoriness.com; Pilot Program with $250,000 budget to integrate social media interactions with credit card points.  • Managed all aspects of pilot program from inception to completion. Lead a cross-functional team that included web design, web development, social media infrastructure build out and infrastructure.  • Value Proposition Optimization; Project manager leading large cross-functional teams to determine the value proposition for new and existing credit card programs. Refined process from 20 weeks to 12 weeks long. Reduced process cost by $150K/ project.  • New Client Implementation; Project manager leading a large cross-functional team from 8 different areas of the business. Scope of project included collateral development, card design, terms and conditions development, and back-end systems setup and certification.  • Mobile Virtual Card, Application Integration; Lead a team of 5 digital solutions resources as well as mobile app developers to integrate a virtual card into client's existing iOS and Android applications.  • Report Project Performance and Value; Report bi-weekly status to senior leadership teams within PMO. Provide executive summary of all current projects including hours, risks, issues, and mitigation plans quarterly.  • Develop and update project plans utilizing Microsoft Project; updated project timeline, resources, and budget to ensure strict guidelines were being followed throughout enterprise projects. SharePoint 2013 used to collaborate and disseminate information to project resources and stakeholders. Senior Project Analyst (Leading EDJE Consulting) DSW - Columbus, OH December 2011 to April 2012 Managing requirements and design gathering process of large complex projects; concurrently the lead project analyst on the business intelligence and dashboard summary page projects. Working closely with program manager in implementing Agile practices, utilizing SCRUM as the framework.  • Scope of role included Enterprise Project Management, Vendor Selection/Total Cost of Ownership Analysis, and Agile/SCRUM transformation within development team.  • Senior Project Analyst; Managed a team of business analyst collecting requirements and design of enterprise projects within the e-commerce department. Coached business analyst on how to facilitate cross-functional requirements and design sessions with the marketing, finance, and e-commerce teams.  • Agile/SCRUM Transformation Consultant; Assisting the program and project delivery team adopt the SCRUM framework. Co-leading training sessions introducing SCRUM concepts. Implemented daily standup, development and ongoing management of the product backlog, development sprint cadence, and facilitated sprint retrospective meetings, and release plans.  • Vendor Selection/Total Cost of Ownership Analysis; Represented the IT team during the vendor selection process of a BI/Dashboarding analysis tool. Analyzing the true TCO of each tool to ensure project budget and operational expenditures are in line with business expectations. Quality Assurance Project Manager (Leading EDJE Consulting) The Columbus Dispatch October 2011 to December 2011 Managed the implementation of the development teams' quality assurance processes; concurrently the project manager on several small projects improving the usability of the content management system.  • Scope of role included Project Management, Quality Assurance Process Improvement, and Training End-Users on New CMS Features.  • Quality Assurance Project manager; Managed the implementation of an all new QA process. Worked closely with senior management, development, QA, and business analysts teams to ensure all requirements were met. New business process reduced defect reporting and resolution by 50%. Project Manager (Leading EDJE Consulting) Abercrombie and Fitch - Columbus, OH March 2011 to October 2011 Managed redesign of Abercrombie and Fitch, Abercrombie Kids, Hollister and Gilly Hicks domestic and international strategic e-commerce websites; concurrently the project manager on several small to mid-size projects to improve international usability on all customer facing sites.  • Scope of role included Project Management, Vendor Selection and Management, Project Management Process Improvement and Program Level Cost & Budget tracking.  • Project manager of Direct-To-Consumer development team; Manage development of globally facing e-commerce websites throughout the SDLC; Manage budgeted resources to insure the roles and responsibilities were clearly understood, as well as tasks completed to meet business expectations in regards to cost, quality, and time.  • Responsible for generating all statements of work, purchase orders, and tracking all financials throughout the DTC program; managed the ongoing process of ensuring the staffing model was in line with the scope of work being undertaken by the resources. Tracked weekly resources costs against project budget.  • Report Project Performance Information; Report monthly overall project status to CIO. Executive summary included Time, Cost, and Progress of all DTC projects within the program.  • Develop and update project plans utilizing Microsoft Project; updated project timeline, resources, and budget to ensure strict guidelines were being followed throughout the SDLC. Project Server 2010 used to collaborate with peers to ensure resource plans were aligned.  • Managed all QA/Defect resolution efforts with on-shore and off-shore resources; Coordinated off-shore system testing efforts with on-shore coordinator to insure quality of deliverables.  • Member of Abercrombie and Fitch Vendor Selection Team; Integral part of the vendor selection of address verification system. Project Manager (Leading EDJE Consulting) Donatos Pizza March 2010 to March 2011 Concurrently the project manager on several mid-size projects that cross-functionally impacted the site.  Scope of role included Project Management, International Vendor Management, Project Management Process Improvement and consultant on early adoption of Agile Methodologies, utilizing the SCRUM framework.  • Worked with Project Sponsor as well as Executive Management on Adopting Agile Methodologies; Implemented Scrum Framework for development tasks; Leading daily standup, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review, and Sprint Retrospective meetings. Concurrently served as the Product Owner Scrum Master leading the development team in the creation of the Product Backlog and Sprint Artifacts.  • Project manager of on-shore and off-shore development team; Manage development of customer facing e-commerce website throughout the entire SDLC; Manage budgeted resources to insure assignments and associated tasks fall in line with business expectations.  • Report Project Performance Information; Report weekly and monthly progress of sprints to senior level and executive management. Update project stakeholders on project budget and timeline. Co-location room included visible Burn Down and Story Board.  • Develop and update project plans utilizing Microsoft Project; updated project timeline, resources, and budget to ensure strict guidelines were being followed throughout the SDLC.  • Implemented New Processes for Tracking Development Defects; Responsible for full system implementation of RT QA defect tracking system to ensure all development defects were clearly defined. Responsible for timely remediation of all defects to mitigate project quality and schedule impacts.    Technical Skills    • SQL Server 2000  • SQL Server 2005  • SQL Server Enterprise Manager  • SQL Server Management Studio  • Oracle 9i  • Microsoft Exchange Server  • Windows 2000 Server  • Windows XP  • Windows 2000 Professional  • Windows NT  • PL/SQL  • SQL Queries  • Unix  • CPR+  • My SQL  • Word  • Excel  • PowerPoint  • Outlook  • Access  • Publisher  • Visio  • Front Page  • Snag It  • Test Complete  • C++  • HTML  • TCP/IP  • Adobe Acrobat  • Active Directory  • Crystal Reports Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Science Franklin University - Columbus, OH 2003 to 2006 Associate of Science in Computer Networking Technologies Columbus State Community College 1999 to 2003 Skills Project leadership, Database administration, Database, Jira, Software configuration, Process modeling, Continuous improvement, Portfolio management, Training, Client management, Kanban, Staff training, Scrum Master, Agile Scrum, Scrum, PM, CSM, Certified Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Present Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES    • Program and Project Leadership  • Agile Methodologies  • SCRUM Framework  • KANBAN  • Portfolio Management  • JIRA  • Salesforce Sales, Service, Community Clouds  • Process Modeling  • Continuous Improvement  • Staff Training & Development  • Systems Implementation  • Software Configuration/Development  • Database Administration/Design  • Technical Training  • Client Management  • Consumer Retention