Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager Charlotte, NC Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo December 2010 to December 2011 Corporate Information Security Technology  Cryptographic Services - Encryption Team  Sr. IT Project Manager - December 2010 to December 2011  Provide senior leadership for projects assigned to Corporate Information Security Data at Rest Integration. Provide cryptographic services encryption enterprise solutions for all servers, databases, tapes and mainframe applications both domestic and international projects. Ability to step into the Program Manager role when that individual is not available and perform all duties required. Provide support the Program and peer Project Managers with project management and leadership tasks as assigned while monitoring and tracking all project deliverables and milestones for all projects. Plans, manages and reports on multiple projects that are complex in scope, risk and/or organizational span. Defines, coordinates, schedules and assigns project tasks. Responsible for team building and working relationships with clients and participating lines of business. Manage and adhere to Wells Fargo's corporate standards, project management methodologies and reporting techniques. Directly responsible for other contractors and full time employee's assigned tasks. Manages and mentors individuals who directly or indirectly report to this position. Deliver quality results on time and within budget. Create/manage/schedule communications to project participants, including notices, reminders, etc. Create and implement issues and risk management plans for new and existing process development. Responsible for financial forecast's and reports across all related departments. While managing all large projects; development and implementation plans to encrypt a large number of servers, databases, mainframes and tape drives. Work with owning organizations to ensure sustainability plans and target operating models are in place to support encryption after project is completed. Act as liaison to the international program with respect to encryption. Provide leadership and technical skills while demonstrating the ability to motivate geographically dispersed teams in a rapidly changing environment. Demonstrated the ability to handle effectively with ambiguity and at the same time deliver quality results on time and within budget. Ability to define problem, collect data, establish facts, draw valid conclusions and solve problems in a timely and accurate manner. Ability to generate, review and distribute executive-level reports including metrics, data analysis, trend reviews, trouble-shooting, etc. Other encryption projects included Tripwire and PC and Laptop which included practical steps to reach and maintain CIP compliance and project management standards consistently by using whitepapers for stakeholder participation which was a key element of new project management standards for continued development for leading a successful project from start to completion. Sr. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo August 2010 to December 2010 Manage Root Password implications removal project for UNIX Platform from start to implementation (Power Broker, Vas, BOKs and other application). Leading and facilitating meetings toward Impact Analysis Report for SOX Server clean-up of over 6,500 servers before year end. Manage SharePoint artifacts and updates to ensure adequate communication and follow-up on all issues. Manage activities and coordination between business and technology partners for all requirements. Senior Project Manager in charge of team staffing of Business Analysts, Testers, Subject Matter Experts and Technology Development teams. Responsible for cost and budget management and reporting as well as, serving as primary contact to senior department managers for critical change initiatives and project overall coordination. Manage Team Leads and other Sr. Manager's to provide updates to Executives and other leadership members. Coordinates strategic planning and initiative set up. Work with Project Team and third party vendors and consultants towards best practice standards. Project Manager will be working on a project to roll out some control assessments, and assisting in implementing some configuration management/monitoring tools and processes and managing Project Management, Control Assessments and Configuration management/monitoring tools. Securities - IT Change Management Implementation Team Wachovia/Wells Fargo Advisors March 2008 to August 2010 Education M.P.A. Long Island University Additional Information Summary of Skills  Programming/Database Environments: Java J2EE, Microsoft .Net, C++, Smalltalk, Mainframe utilizing CIM calls and screen-scraping technology, Web sphere, IIS, ASP, COM, Siebel, Oracle, Sybase, SQL Server, Peregrine Systems-PICCT Production Release 6.0.7, Remedy PAC 2000,WebSpere, Apache/2.0.59 (Linux, UNIX and Intel environment changes), ALL Fusion Harvest Repository, Ant Hill Pro, STAMP, Cyber Security Standards for (CIP)The Critical Infrastructure Protection for Vormetric and Safenet Encryption Solutions for enterprise encryption efforts.    Software: Microsoft Office Suite (Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Lotus Notes, Test Director, DOORS, TOAD, Imaging systems, File Net, Visual SourceSafe, Rational Clear Quest, Erwin, SMS Installer, Wise, PICCT, Remedy, Visual Studio, Oracle, People Soft, People Soft 9.0 Oracle, Data Modeling Erwin Tool, Remedy and Planview and exposure to IBM Workbench products such as Tivoli and IBM Micro strategies: Workbench Holosfx's and other IBM Tivoli(Maximo queries, RSA and for service request records)to design complex process flows across all delivery channels of the company.    Full Life-Cycle Methodologies: Agile (Alistair Cockburn), Six Sigma, Capability Maturity Model (CMM2), Rational Unified Process (RUP), Rapid Application Development (RAD) and SECDM (Source and Executable Code Development Management)    Data Analysis: Proficient in developing Queries analysis using software tools such as TOAD and MS Access.