Executive Director / Project Manager / Managing Partner Executive Director / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Managing Partner Executive Director / Project Manager / Managing Partner - Point Technology Gardner, KS • Solid IT background spans technical support, network engineering, IT security, server administration and configuration, audio & video system design and installation, telecommunications, remote support, O/S installation, Active Directory administration, and project management.  • Adept at budget administration, strategic planning, vendor management, IT procurement, and driving process improvements which fuel productivity and decrease expenses.  • Skilled at establishing disaster recovery strategies and contingency plans to defend information systems.  • Well-versed in vendor selection, infrastructure management and optimization, and instituting operational strategies to support organizational growth and capitalize on emerging technologies.  • Excellent talents in designing and installing CCTV systems, access control solutions, and Ubiquiti Aps.  • Proficiency in installing, configuring, managing, and maintaining computer and network hardware.  • Skilled at standardizing procedures and best practices to eliminate unproductive processes. Work Experience Executive Director / Project Manager / Managing Partner Point Technology - Merriam, KS 2014 to Present • Spearhead full-scope operations encompassing policy and procedure development, staffing, purchasing, client relations, contract negotiations and administration, daily Scrum meetings, and budgetary control.  • Steer all facets of project management from estimating and budgeting to delegating tasks to team.  • Compile regular reports for partners to illustrate organizational fiscal status, growth issues or patterns, industry trends, management/staffing issues, and strategic recommendations.  • Oversee business direction and planning in conjunction with partner to achieve KPIs.    Operations Manager / Customer Solutions / Project Manager  • Championed installation of cabling, voice systems, video distribution equipment, patch panels, network switches, and wireless access points to configure LANs and WANs.  • Helmed layout, installation, termination, labeling, testing, and certification of CAT 3, CAT 5, CAT 5e, and CAT 6 twisted pair cable, single- or multi-strand multi-mode or single-mode fiber optic cable, and other associated video and data components.  • Provided practical recommendations for hardware and software, IT policies, and support and maintenance procedures.  • Held critical accountability for systems administration and mentored less experienced IT professionals in troubleshooting functions and techniques. Mobile Support Manager Experis / Dairy Farmers of America - Kansas City, MO 2014 to 2014 • Delivered high-quality technical support to end users, administered ticketing system, performed comprehensive troubleshooting, and documented hardware failures and repair procedures.  • Installed and troubleshot printers and fax machines, managed security groups and drives, and methodically performed equipment upgrades and repairs.  • Analyzed and reported on system and network performance, conducted frequent system testing, and installed customized configurations to optimize performance, reliability, and uptime.  • Managed Active Directory for clients, built-out domains, and installed Windows operating systems. NOC Tier 2 Technician YOH / Century Link - Gardner, KS 2013 to 2014 • Assessed, prioritized, and responded to inbound calls from Installation, Repair, and Provisioning Teams.  • Swiftly resolved or dispatched issues in ticket queue and provided quality-focused maintenance support for high-speed internet.  • Provisioned and troubleshot ADSL, ADSL2+, VDSL, GPON, AFC, Fiber to Prem, T1-6, DSL, and DSOs.  • Fostered and encouraged seamless cross-departmental cooperation to expedite outage resolution and optimize customer satisfaction and retention. IT Support Technician All Seasons Tent Rentals - Kansas City, KS 2012 to 2013 • Installed, analyzed, diagnosed, and rectified a wide range of customer problems related to hardware, software, electronic office equipment, phones, and printer.  • Considerably enhanced desktop, laptop, and network functioning via monitoring, analysis, performance tuning, and removal of viruses or spyware. Education Certified Engineer Pittsburg State University - Leawood, KS Skills Strategic Planning, budget, Word, training Certifications/Licenses A valid IT Specialist certification