Support Engineer ENT/SYS Support Engineer ENT/SYS System Engineer Mac/Windows New York, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Support Engineer ENT/SYS NBC - New York, NY March 2017 to March 2019 • Migrated Late Night ENT on prem JAMF environment to NBC on prem JAMF environment: consist of migrating 300 users  • Provided tier 1 to tier 3 end user MAC OS X support for all NBC end users that access content via fiber connections (300 users)  • Fiber SAN administrator for all Late Night and Cable ENT users at NBC  • Maintain end user technical appliances that Late Night and Cable ENT utilize for on location and road show deployments such as but not limited to: Brocade Network Administration, JAMF administration, Vantage workflow administration, Prestore Tape Backup/Restore solutions System Engineer BlackRock - New York, NY December 2015 to February 2017 • Managed the engineering team in deployment of a Mac management solution utilizing multiple technologies that enabled BlackRock to manage and deploy Apple computers  • Led team in developing the architecture, configuration, and deployment of a scalable enterprise Jamf server environment, capable of managing thousands of Apple computers  • Leveraged Jamf Software Server (JSS) to meet strict CIS security requirements for Mac OS X and macOS Sierra  • Migrated from thick imaging process (NetBoot) to thin imaging leveraging Jamf Software Server (JSS)  • Configured and deployed macOS file server solution for Apple users  • Responsible for training deskside support on Mac OS, Jamf, and Adobe software, ensuring deskside's preparedness in supporting hundreds of BlackRock employees Project Lead Systems Engineer InfoHedge LLC - New York, NY February 2015 to June 2015 • Responsible for desktop, laptop, and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) for InfoHedge's clients via Casper RMM LabTech RMM solutions. Responsibilities included planning, configuring and deploying Casper RMM (Mac OS X) and LabTech RMM (Windows OS) environments that are HIPAA, HITECH, PCI and SOX compliant for hedge funds and investment firms.  • Tech Lead: Office 365 profile creation for all end users during client onboarding and off boarding consisting of ADFS configuration, local multi-forested Active Directory 2008 domain clusters, and login scripting for end-user mailbox configuration. Maintained email archiving while maintaining PCI and SOX standards. Technical Architect New York, NY March 2014 to January 2015 Created and deployed solutions to centrally manage all Mac OS X assets utilizing SCCM and HIPAA compliant policies. Performed daily L3 support for the executive support team and all 420 OS X users.  • Deployed and managed an imaging solution and created a custom OS utilizing DeployStudio. Implemented and maintained VMware Horizon desktop solution for 175 users.  • Tech Lead: Office 365 profile creation for all end users during employee onboarding consisting of: ADFS environment configuration and maintenance for 1200 users, login scripting for end-user mailbox configuration via SCCM and Casper. Maintained email archiving while maintaining PCI and SOX standards. Lead Technical Engineer Rocket Science Consulting - New York, NY June 2013 to December 2013 • Lead technical account manager for 5 Rocket Science Consulting clients covering the entire New York City area. Project lead on local Microsoft Exchange 2010 to Google Apps migration for POPSUGAR.com, a 350-user company. Created a project based timeline with weekly goals in order to migrate user's mailboxes, contacts and calendars.  • Created training material and documentation on best practices for aforementioned conversion. Deployed Google apps ticketing system to fully document and logically help all users during Google apps migration project. Lead on Migrating TED communications from a 500MB Fiber connection to 1GB Fiber connection with a 1GB MPLS solution. I.T. Manager/System Administrator New York, NY January 2011 to June 2013 • Managed desktop support technician in NYC and system administrator in Littleton, MA while revamping and creating new IT solutions for Triumph Learning's IT environment.  • Upgraded Windows File Server 2003 to 2008 version  • Reconfigured AD forest environment with front-facing AD server for SCCM  • Migrated Local Exchange 2010 Server to Office 365 Cloud Server solution  • Deployed SSO solution by utilizing AD FS Windows Server 2008  • Migrated Analog PBX phone system for 350 users to VOIP solution  • Replaced Dell MD3000I SAN with Dell MD3200I SAN. Upgraded VMWARE virtual server environment from VMWARE ESX4 to VMWARE ESX 5.  • Deployed cloud server solution to hold 12 virtual servers with the ability to expand, using Dell cloud services. Education MCSE Certification Berkeley College - New York, NY September 2005 to September 2006 High School Diploma Lehman High School - Bronx, NY June 2005