Cloud Services Manager Cloud Services <span class="hl">Manager</span> Clouds Services Manager Simi Valley, CA Work Experience Cloud Services Manager Sage Network and Communications - Camarillo, CA May 2019 to Present ? Manage helpdesk team of 25 technicians and assist with escalated service requests  ? Manage and execute transition from sales to sustainment for cloud service implementations  ? Manage client onboarding process to ensure successful integration, strong user adoption, and renewal of services  ? Identify new opportunities by keeping client base aware of emerging and existing technologies that can have positive results for their organization  ? Evaluate, design, implement, and maintain private and public cloud platform services  ? Adhere to compliance requirements for sensitive data and develop secure policies and procedures to mitigate risk within the cloud infrastructure  ? Work with client leadership in defining process, metrics, and SLA's for private and public cloud environments Helpdesk Tech II Sage Network and Communications December 2017 to May 2019 Create patch management strategies for managed clients to mitigate potential vulnerabilities  ? Monitor for potential threats on network and host devices, and respond accordingly  ? Ensure client compliance with regulatory and non-regulatory standards (HIPAA, PCI DSS)  ? Perform desktop, network, mobile, and VoIP troubleshooting for clients in manufacturing, health, and other industries  ? Configure workstation and network devices (routers, switches, access points) and install onsite  ? Schedule, configure, and maintain network security upgrades and daily backup strategies  ? Monitor and manage email spam filters, firewalls, and anti-virus systems Target Protection Specialist TARGET - Redmond, WA November 2016 to December 2017 Lead the team that creates a safe and secure environment for guests and team members.  ? Maintained daily logs of irregularities such as equipment or property damage, theft, presence of unauthorized persons, or unusual occurrences  ? Engaged and apprehended shoplifters, documenting incidents for local authorities to be used in court cases Project Manager & Software Developer, Intern MICROSOFT - Redmond, WA June 2014 to September 2015 Liaison between vendors and business; provided requested modifications and ensured data integrity.  ? Lead effort to evaluate and merge new technologies into current-use mobile applications.  ? Liaison between IT development group and business units for the development and implementation of new systems and enhancement of existing system.  ? Created and designed demonstration and training videos to aid end users. Assistant Operations Mgr FAMILY DOLLAR - Hampton, VA August 2013 to June 2014 Supervised and trained team members on operating practices and procedures.  ? Managed inventory, ordering, and marketing to increase sales and profitability.  ? Developed, evaluated and implemented safety polices; resolved health and safety issues.  ? Facilitated staff meetings and provided business objectives and updates to employees. IT Service Ops, Intern MICROSOFT, Redmond, VA May 2013 to August 2013 Provided project documentation: business reporting and technical specification documentation  ? Acting project manager, responsible for identifying inadequacies and modernizing visual dashboards for internal use and employee development.  ? Utilized Powerview to plan and define scope of business intelligence dashboards.  ? As project manager; created time and cost estimation reports to project completion.  ? Researched, identified and created data models for key project  ? Defined requirements necessary to update and improve architecture, key performance indicators (KPI) and formulas required for data modification. Business Intelligence Consultant DATA MANAGEMENT GROUP - Newport News, VA January 2012 to April 2013 Security Level Clearance: Secret  ? Performed design, development, and deployment of business intelligence solutions  ? Worked independently and as part of a team to design and develop analytics/reporting solutions  ? Utilized Tableau, QlikView, Crystal Reporting, Birst, and Excel/Excel Services (PowerPivot) to provide SaaS solutions for public sector entities  ? Collaborated with client's data warehouse/BI team to standardize reporting across a variety of technologies Education B.S. in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Hampton University - Hampton, VA 2009 to 2014 Skills Access Control (1 year), Cloud Computing (1 year), Hardware (2 years), Help Desk (2 years), Mobile (2 years), Network Management (2 years), Network Security (1 year), Operating Systems (2 years), Routers (2 years), Firewalls (1 year), Software Troubleshooting (2 years), System Backup and Recovery (2 years), Virtualization (1 year), Security Policies (1 year), VPN (2 years), Wireless (2 years), Active Directory, security, access Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ March 2019 to March 2022 CompTIA Network+ October 2018 to March 2022 CompTIA A+ September 2018 to March 2022