Project/Program Manager <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project/Program Manager San Antonio, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project/Program Manager AirStrip Technologies - San Antonio, TX July 2014 to May 2018 • Managed program level plans for quality, foreign country licensing/ registration (FDA clearance), international translation, legal review, QA/regulatory, and sensitive data protection  • Served as a Scrum Master, leading daily standups and sprint planning meetings primary go-to resource for team members. Led remote and on-site teams across technical, financial and business disciplines.  • Developed in-depth project plans, communication updates, and release documents. Defined project scope, goals and deliverables to support business goals in collaboration with senior management / stakeholders.  • Coached, mentored, motivated and supervised project team members and contractors, to influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.  Achievements  ? Recruited to Airstrip to direct program and product management for a top-priority, $7 million-dollar business initiative requiring strict confidentiality through application delivery/launch.  ? Managed multiple projects as necessary, moving between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, project plans, schedules and WBS  ? Honored with Airstrip's "AVA Award" in 2015 in recognition of outstanding teamwork and collaboration Business Analyst Petco Animal Supplies - San Antonio, TX September 2012 to July 2014 • Led cross-functional teams in development and implementation of projects to support business strategies, key initiatives, and future business models  • Managed design, enhancement, and execution for new and existing projects/programs  • Identified, defined, and managed new program opportunities for skills/competency training initiatives with career progression plan to meet multiple business partner needs.  • Developed multi-year business plans to assess risks/rewards based on ROI expectations. Business Analyst / USAF Consultant Abacus Solutions Group - San Antonio, TX August 2011 to September 2012 • Managed full software development life cycle (SDLC) for business processes and developed business cases, requirements, system design, implementation, and training plans  • Researched, developed, and edited technical guides for US Air Force IT helpdesk and managed team to identify discrepancies and propose solution for Unit Compliance Inspection. IT Program Manager/Consultant RailAmerica - San Antonio, TX December 2009 to August 2011 Managed full software development life cycle (SDLC) for business processes and developed business cases, requirements, system design, implementation, and training plans for the largest international short-line railroad company. Education Certified ScrumMaster Business Administration Marketing University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX Associates Applied Science Computer Science Community College of the Air Force Skills PMI, Program Management Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: E4 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) October 2016 to October 2019 Additional Information ? Team Building  ? Mentoring  ? Business/ IT Planning  ? Vendor Management  ? IT Program/ Project Manager  ? Testing/QA/Rollout/Support    ? Planning/Execution/Delivery  ? CSM Credentials  ? PMP Methodology  ? Diverse Background  ? Business Finance  ? Agile Methodology    ? Waterfall SDLC  ? IOS/Android Applications  ? Legacy Systems  ? Enterprise Level Implementations  ? Requirements Analysis  ? ROI Analysis