Sr. Technology Business Consultant III Sr. Technology Business Consultant III Sr. Technology Business Consultant III - Black Knight Inc Jacksonville, FL Motivated, personable business professional with an extensive college education to include an MBA degree and a successful track record of management in organizational operations, finance and retail over a span of five years. Possess a talent for quickly mastering technology and well versed in the mortgage cycle in relation to default as well as the software and tools necessary to perform the involved tasks. Diplomatic and tactful with employees at all levels. Accustomed to handling sensitive, confidential records and very adept with policies and procedures as they apply to ethics, privacy and confidentiality. Demonstrates ability to produce accurate, timely reports, meet stringent production standards and deadline-driven projects. Flexible, versatile, as well as, capable, of maintaining calm, and professional under pressure. Poised, and competent, with the ability to easily transcend cultural differences in a diverse environment. Possess excellent team-building and motivational skills in support of fostering an environment for employees to grow and develop along their career paths. Work Experience Sr. Technology Business Consultant III Black Knight Inc - Jacksonville, FL September 2018 to Present Worked individually, and within a team on technology business consulting projects to meet specific client requirements.  ? Served as a liaison between end-users and the information technology organization consultants during IT and technology consulting projects.  ? Expertly researched and documented client needs, technology, or regulations related to system design, enhancement, acquiring hardware or software that will impact multiple platforms and/or applications.  ? Defined product scope, objectives and requirements. Defined specifications and data models for product development and testing. Created detailed specifications from which programs were written.  ? Analyzed marketplace, industry, company, technology trends and best practices, vendor products and services, etc. Also analyzed system impacts to other systems and procedures. Provided recommendations on best practices and changes in technology accordingly.  ? Devised and/or modified processes and procedures to achieve greater efficiencies and to solve the most complex business process problems related to computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and form of desired results.  ? Assisted client in writing test plans and test cases to ensure enhancements made to applications meet client needs and that application integrity is maintained.  ? Conducted a variety of tests such as system, integration, readiness, and acceptance tests. Conducted tests using client data to be certain client needs were being met.  ? Influenced clients, business partners and service providers regarding priorities, hardware/software selection and/or vendor selection.  ? Consulted directly with the client and traveled to the client site.  ? Acted as team leader for technical aspects of consulting projects, leading sub-plans or small projects. Mentored, guided, advised and/checked the work of less experienced Technology Business Consultants.  ? Played a key role in the training of client and technical support personnel on enhancements, new systems or procedures.  ? Assisted with delivering training either one-on-one as knowledge transfer or in a classroom setting, depending on the number in the audience and client preference.  ? Partnered with Credit Risk Manager to complete the annual Third Party Onsite Audit, resulting in the firm receiving the highest score that they had ever received since the inception of the Audit. VP-Sr. Process Design Consultant II Bank of America - Jacksonville, FL December 2017 to September 2018 Worked as a Data Management Risk Consultant supporting the Enterprise Shared Services (ESS) and Cross Domain Strategies & Adherence Plan.  Responsibilities included but were not limited to:  ? Subject Matter Expert on Enterprise Data Management (EDM) Policy & Standards and other related data standards. ? Evaluated ESS FLU (front line unit)/CF (control function) readiness related to the EDM Policy & Standards through current state and gap assessments to the EDM standards. ? Performed On-Site Audits of Third Party Vendors, worked with LOB's to come into adherence with all Regulatory and Compliance findings.  ? Prepared internal teams as well as key business partners, for internal and external audit inquires in an effort to ensure Regulators, Auditors, as well as Vendors had a clear understanding of ESS Business functions/processes.  ? Developed strategies for closing gaps to the standards and creating risk based, prioritized adherence plans and driving execution. ? Worked with internal teams as well as key business partners, to understand ESS Business functions/processes. ? Lead Data Provisioning strategy and coordinating across data domains to propose new ESS data domains and Authorized Data Sources (ADS). ? Manage governance and prioritization process of new ESS data domains for approval through ESS governance and final submission through the Enterprise Cross Domain Governance Council.  ? Engaged with business partners to analyze, implement, and update processes by utilizing sound process improvement models and techniques. Managed design or redesign of processes or projects using six sigma methodologies.  ? Integrated best practices with process design to ensure continuous process improvement. Built action plans and drove execution. Applied business redesign concepts, practices and DFSS tools.  ? Ability to "translate" between business/operations environment and technology.  ? Ability to interact, influence and collaborate across all levels of the organization, both executive and front-line associates; create buy-in. Sr. IT Project Manage IV Sr Bank of America - Jacksonville, FL May 2016 to December 2017 -Business Control Room/Global Wholesale Banking Flood Operations  ? Updated policies and procedures in accordance with the new government regulatory standards, as well as, EPO standards.  ? Worked with LOB/FLU to create processes and procedures that met OCC and EPO compliance standards.  ? Created Wholesale Flood Operations Manual and System Operating Manual comparisons.  ? Created training material for Managers, as well as, Flood Operations Associates.  ?Created new procedures and Guides such as: Manager Control Guide, Unpaid Principle Balance Guide, and Tickler Guide.  ?Participated in Core Team meeting and calls to resolve outstanding issues, and missing items, and regulatory/compliance findings in an effort to meet target deadlines and dates.  ?Participated in process improvement efforts, capacity modeling and enforcing the use of standards with LOB.  ?Created Exception Process for all escalated issues requiring approval from upper management to cure. Managed, and maintained the Exception Log.  ?Created enhanced communication process known as "Refresh Communications" by which all associates were constantly updated on current process changes and key topics.  ?Managed OCC File Preparation Project, in an effort to remediate issues with missing documents, date issues, as well as, issues raised by compliance, and QA, in an effort to produce clean files for the OCC Exam.  ?Handled Global Wholesale Banking lines of business and served as a subject matter expert for flood operations process analysis for National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) regulatory compliance.  ?Assisted flood remediation across GWB including enterprise deliverables and successful completion of MRA action plan as well as Consent Order Milestones. VP-Sr. Project Manager/Business Analyst QA Operations Home Lending Ever Bank/TIAA - Jacksonville, FL September 2014 to May 2016 Worked closely with clients and with other system groups to capture business requirements and see them through implementation.  ? Developed and executed systems testing.  ?Translated the business requirements into application design requirement through the requirements gathering document through requirements phase; tested all requirements prior and after through User Acceptance Testing and continued with testing and delivery phases; ran interface between internal teams and the client; managed multiple projects with varying timelines.  ?Monitored the legal and regulatory landscape to ensure risk management and information security policies align with compliance requirements and operational effectiveness.  ? Responsible for helping clients evaluate/implement business resilience strategies and solutions to enhance the availability and resiliency of a client's IT and business environment and drive follow on business.  ? Responsible for completing active projects within established budgets for each project with less than 10% variance.  ? Oversaw the Retail Operations Truth-In-Lending RESPA Integrated Disclosure (TRID) Update, as well as, the 2015 FHA Handbook Update(s) also responsible for writing the BRD's for all impacted Lines of Business.  ?In-depth understanding of business request as well as translating request into Business Requirements, Functional Requirements and Use Cases.  ?Managed the implementation and day-to-day functions related to creating Business Continuity Plans and Procedures, while also managing Disaster Recovery operations within the firm. Responsible for interfacing with senior management and regulatory auditors, while also implementing and supporting the services listed below.  ? Oversaw risk assessment, risk control implementation, risk management, technology risk management and risk mitigation by working directly with the business management/staff to create the 2015 Home Lending Risk Controls Self-Assessment, 2015 Home Lending Internal Audit, as well as, serving as the SME for the OCC audit.  ? Monitored performance to maintain the quality of services, deliverables, and content resulting in an overall increase in productivity and Green-to-Goal results by 40%. AVP- Policy & Procedure Project Intake Manager-Adecco JP Morgan Chase - Jacksonville, FL March 2014 to September 2014 Performed and coordinated the analysis and design of business systems.  ? Developed and maintained a thorough understanding of the needs of the assigned customer group from the business and technical perspective.  ? Worked closely with clients and with other system groups to capture business requirements and see them through implementation.  ? Created processes, as well as, oversaw compliance functions to ensure the Enterprise was in adherence with all new audit guidelines and requirements.  ? Acted as a liaison between the business user groups and the technical systems groups for audit preparation and completion.  ?Translated the business requirements into application design requirement through the requirements gathering document through requirements phase; tested all requirements prior and after through User Acceptance Testing and continued with testing and delivery phases; ran interface between internal teams and the client; managed multiple projects with varying timelines.  ?Lead/Facilitated Core team and steering meetings to obtain schedule, issues, risk, and dependency updates, documented meeting minutes, as well as action items from project meetings.  ? Responsible for helping clients evaluate/implement business resilience strategies and solutions to enhance the availability and resiliency of a client's IT and business environment and drive follow on business.  ? Responsible for completing active projects within established budgets for each project with less than 10% variance.  ? Managed daily project activities to meet established project objectives. AVP-Senior IT Business Analyst IV Lender Processing Services - Jacksonville, FL March 2013 to March 2014 Analyzed client business requirements for new implementations and upgrades/migrations, also acted as one of the primary client contacts for the BU.  ?Translated the business requirements into application design requirement through the requirements gathering document; supported the client (sometimes traveling on site) or via phone through requirements phase; tested all requirements prior and after through User Acceptance Testing and continued with testing and delivery phases; ran interface between internal teams and the client; managed multiple projects with varying timelines.  ?Responsible for completing active projects within established budgets for each project with less than 15% variance; through understanding of PMM.  ? Responsible for helping clients evaluate/implement business resilience strategies and solutions to enhance the availability and resiliency of a client's IT and business environment and drive follow on business.  ?Acted as escalation analyst or focal point of contact throughout the project; ensured all issues requiring management intervention are handled, and that the third-party client was audit compliant at all times.  ?Set and managed client expectations, controlled project scope change, conducted clients post installation survey achieving high satisfaction ratings.  ?In-depth understanding of audit related issues, as well as, various audit functions and requirements as they related to the individual client and their business needs.  ?Safeguard data processing operations by identifying potential problem areas and single points of failure that may result in interruptions to critical data processing operations. Develop and implement Disaster Recovery, Data Sensitivity, Library Management, Back-up and Recovery, and Disaster Recovery Plans and Procedures.  ? Superior tracking and organizational abilities, ability to re-order priorities against hard and fast deadlines in a fast-paced environment. Project Manager II/Vendor Manager II Bank of America - Jacksonville, FL May 2012 to March 2013 Provided analytical and administrative support, within an internal control environment.  ? Assisted team in gathering, and organizing data, that helps track, report and manage internal Control gap issues and mitigation plan using practical UML.  ? Worked as a SME, and performed second level review as required, addressed elevated loan questions and issues from lower level analysts; shared all findings with processor, clients or correspondents via written or verbal communication methods; actively managed the work efforts of multiple functional resources by utilizing user defined request.  ? Responsible for helping clients evaluate/implement business resilience strategies and solutions to enhance the availability and resiliency of a client's IT and business environment and drive follow on business.  ?In-depth understanding of business request as well as translating request into Business Requirements, Functional Requirements and Use Cases.  ?Advanced proficiency of SDLC disciplines and Agile methodology disciplines; advanced proficiency in the use of labor, cost management and project tracking and management tools such as MS Project.  ? Understand business and regulatory requirements and ensure we are aligned with those requirements, Participate in planning long or short term business objectives with management.  ?Assisted with creating milestones and bench marks for the LOB to achieve in preparation for internal & external audits.  ?Access intra-period financial reports to determine on a real-time basis how the business is performing, Foster better budget management by providing timely financial information to department managers via Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.  ? Substantial knowledge of operating policies and procedures, working with internal customers to establish and perform quality control, and assist with analysis and development of recommendations, effectively, assisted in both internal and external resources to achieve business solutions.  ? Monitored performance to maintain the quality of services, deliverables, and content resulting in an overall increase in productivity and Green-to-Goal results by 25%. Senior Operations/Business Analyst (Default & Loss Analysis) JP Morgan Chase - Jacksonville, FL October 2009 to May 2012 Actively managed the work efforts of multiple functional resources through User Defined Transactions.  ?Access intra-period financial reports to determine on a real-time basis how the business is performing, Foster better budget management by providing timely financial information to department managers via Oracle E-Business Suite 12.1.  ? Partnered with Executive Management to implement process changes and oversight reducing risk ratings by 20% during annual audit.  ? Understand business and regulatory requirements and ensure we are aligned with those requirements, Participate in planning long or short term business objectives with management.  ?Managed the implementation and day-to-day functions related to creating Business Continuity Plans and Procedures, while also managing Disaster Recovery operations within the firm. Responsible for interfacing with senior management and regulatory auditors, while also implementing and supporting the services listed below.  ? Oversaw Monthly & Annual Internal Audit of risk assessment, risk control implementation, risk management technology, and risk mitigation by working directly with the business management/staff., as well as through management of the Default and Escrow Teams responsible for the following: divisional change control risk and compliance reporting and testing projects and initiatives exam management procedures investor reporting.  ?In-depth understanding of business request as well as translating request into Business Requirements, Functional Requirements and Use Cases.  ?Coordinate special projects to review the quality of modification process for managers and underwriters, resulting in a 15% increase in overall quality scores.  ?Participated on a team that evaluated the Loss Analysis cycle for improvement and streamlining of processes involving the entire cycle from loan processing to write-off and final analysis after default, foreclosure, and bankruptcy, resulting in a 30% increase in productivity. Education B.S. degree in Biochemistry Research University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL B.S. degree in International Business University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL M.B.A. degree in Business Law University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL M.S. degree in Forensic Accounting University of North Florida - Jacksonville, FL Skills Audit, Loan processing, Fnma, Loans, Mortgage, Mortgage loans, Collection, Reconciliation, Accounting, Foreclosure, Journal, Operations, Problem solving, Ssl, Ms access, Sql, Ms visual studio, Visual studio, System development, Crystal reports Additional Information Skills Summary:  ?Default/Servicing (Loss Analysis) ?Direct Sales Experience: Retail Merchandise  ?Language Fluency: French, Hebrew, Latin, Spanish, Signing  ?Extensive knowledge of FNMA and FHLMC guidelines    ?Loan Processing Post-Default/SSL/REO  ?Write-Off and Final Analysis of mortgage loans    ?Management: Project, Logistics, Training, Operations, Risk  ?Advanced experience writing Business Requirement Documents  ?Advanced experience with System Development Life Cycles  ?Experience in a SCRUM environment  ?Extensive knowledge of the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act (S.A.F.E. Act)  ?Loan accounting: Aging review & Collection  ? Identification of gains, losses or recoveries on loans    ?Quality Review of loan packages  ?Strong analytical and problem solving skills  ?Extensive knowledge of Audit process of Foreclosure Sales/Review  ?Advanced experience with MS Crystal Reports for Visual Studio  ?MS Access/SQL/UDTs/MS Visual Basics for Applications/MS Visual Studio    ?Accounting (ledger, journal, reconciliation, re-classing) ?Adept with empirical analysis and loan balancing