Product Manager Product <span class="hl">Manager</span> Lexington, KY Work Experience Product Manager 2017 to Present Promoted to Product Manager of SpecLab, a custom web app used by internal sales and engineering and external  distribution partners to design physical client environments and run simulations to validate impact of fan  products. SpecLab has been responsible for increasing close rate 7% and influenced $20M in won bookings.    ? Led product strategy, roadmap definition, backlog grooming and prioritization, scoping and definition of solutions, launch of pilots and A/B tests for new features, definition of KPIs and success metrics with  analytics teams, development of training, and product roll-outs.  ? Successfully pitched C-suite for $800K funding approval for two new initiatives.  ? Currently leading team through design, development, and the introduction of a new touch-friendly  interface for tablets and a new workflow app designed to integrate with SpecLab and allow for a 30%  reduction in administrative time to submit notes from facility on-site visits.  ? Managed a distributed seven-member development team in full lifecycle build and launch of a $2M sales  enablement app. Leveraged Slack, Basecamp, and Zoom for team communications.  ? Collaborate with marketing teams to develop collateral and launch lead generation campaigns. Big A - Lexington, KY 2013 to Present Big A** Fans is an industry leader in high volume low speed fans (sold to private equity for $500M in 2017). Director and Co-Founder Commonwealth Kings Lacrosse - Lexington, KY 2011 to Present Launched program as one 22-member team and grew program to five teams, 130+ players, and $150K in annual revenue.  ? Manage 14-member staff and oversee all operational activities including club finances, marketing, sponsorships, and vendor relations. CRM Team Lead/Product Owner 2016 to 2018 Managed a team of developers and administrators supporting a Salesforce organization with ~650 users in five  departments. IT Business Analyst/ Project Manager II Big A - Lexington, KY 2015 to 2016 Served in hybrid BA and Project Manager role responsible for gathering project requirements from stakeholders, communicating needs to internal technical teams, and oversight for technical projects.    ? Served as BA/PM for a $400K project to unify and consolidate two Salesforce environments, introduce  multi-company functionality into a global ERP instance, and onboard four international offices into both systems.  ? Product Manager for a .NET customer portal. Defined product roadmap, maintained backlog, and developed and delivered user training.  ? Served as Project Manager for a two-month, $60K engagement to increase functionality of a B2B portal. Design Consultant/Account Executive 2013 to 2015 Established relationships with and educated A&E firms across the Northeast about products and services.  ? Assisted in new project designs that contributed to over $2.3M in sales. Education MBA Jacksonville University - Jacksonville, FL BS in Business Administration Birmingham-Southern College - Birmingham, AL Skills Jira, Prototyping, Requirements gathering, Process improvement, Documentation Links http://linkedin.com/in/blschaefer Additional Information SKILLS  Concepts: Process Improvement, Requirements Gathering & Documentation, Project Management, Agile/Scrum,  Prototyping  Technology: Salesforce, Jira, Asana, GitHub, ZenHub, Basecamp, Balsamiq, Whimsical, Salesforce integrations  (Pardot, Drawloop, DocuSign, PaymentConnect, Geopointe, ServiceMax, EBSTA for Gmail, Formyoula, Zenkraft,  Field Service Lightning)