Helpdesk Specialist Helpdesk Specialist Helpdesk Specialist - NEFCU Rego Park, NY Work Experience Helpdesk Specialist NEFCU - Westbury, NY January 2019 to Present • Created computer images and managed the deployment project for new Windows 10.  • Help manage and maintain Microsoft Windows Active Directory.  • Completed memory and card installation, reconfigured systems, replace defective hard drives as needed with new drives with approved image.  • Planned and coordinated hardware rollouts based on user needs and determined requirements.  • Answered incoming calls, determined user needs and provided appropriate solutions; Daily tasks included user creation and deletion, managed user permissions, password resets, printers mappings, drive mappings  • Responsible for hardware vendor management; maintain technology hardware inventory.  • Coordinate staff for moves, adds, changes, and disconnects for entire NEFCU staff.  • Assist users in setting up corporate and personal devices with corporate email and apps using MDM (Mobil Device Management) and MFA (multi-factor authentication).  • Oversee testing of new desktop and mobile hardware prior to deployment.  • Responsible for deploying new Teller Cash Dispenser machines with dated software and upgraded hardware to select NEFCU branches.  • Maintain and update corporate software (FSBA) and managed users.  • Interfaced with vendors for technical support and fixes.  • Assist on building ESXi Server for branches, and perform PtoV.  • Diagnosed, troubleshot and resolved a wide range of software, hardware and network issues  • Currently the Global Admin for Microsoft Office 365 - Created and manage users, groups, mailboxes, licenses, and update in DLP poicies (Data Loss Prevention).  • Collect information from users by listening and asking questions in order to determine types of calls, assign priority levels and dispatch criteria. Independent Contractor Made by WiFi - New York, NY March 2018 to Present • Managed full-scale network deployments for permanent and temporary installations at events venues including cabling, and equipment installation.  • Terminating and properly test CAT5, CAT6.  • Labeling cables to industry standard.  • Configured access point and network gateway controller for use in events.  • Provided on-site support for clients with various levels of technical expertise.  • Removed equipment after completion of temporary events and provide inventory reporting with 100% equipment return rate. Level 1 - Helpdesk Technician DDK, LLC - Jericho, NY March 2015 to January 2019 • Maintain and support systems, workstations, mobile device, and printers; respond to user service requests; and resolve trouble tickets.  • Commended for quickly resolving complex issues including system crashes, network slowdowns, connectivity problems, security breaches, virus infections and more.  • Assist clients in solving computer related issues and orientation of new equipment as deployed; set up secure WiFi and LAN networks at client locations.  • Deploy and manage the Anti-Virus protection amongst the firm and our clients.  • Grant user entitlements for various applications.  • Diagnose and upgrade hardware to ensure optimum level of performance.  • Maintain asset management log for all equipment for internal and client usage.  • Work closely with senior management on ad-hoc projects as needed.  • Diagnose and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excel in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing and rectifying the problems.  • Start and deploy a company wide e-mail security program to prevent phishing attacks.  • Upgraded and migrated Windows Servers as needed for in house and for clients.  • Assessing, developing, implementing and sustaining Disaster Recovery plans and procedures. IT Manager Broadway Furniture Group - New York, NY November 2013 to November 2014 • Performed diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, documented help desk issues/resolutions, and maintained equipment inventory lists.  • Responsible for the strategic development and implementation of cost-effective training and support solutions that are designed to provide improved productivity, streamlined operations, and faster access to critical information.  • Performed set-up, break-down, and transport of agency equipment on an as-needed basis.  • Provided computer help desk support and technical training on hardware/software to end users (i.e. Exporting email lists/messages, printer problems, networking problems, start- up issues,  & MS Office).  • Identified, isolated and repaired computer equipment showing wear and tear as well as during preventative maintenance routines.  • Performed hardware and software installations and provided high-level technical support. (i.e. - 20/20 Technologies/Giza; System updates, and MISC programs varying on different tasks).  • Email marketing - Prepared mass emails to send to clients. Emails consisted of updated website design or inventory as well as promotions the company is offering. Web/ Project Manager Focus Camera - Brooklyn, NY July 2009 to December 2012 Account manager for Overstock.com website handled product inventory for the website  including product offers, counter offers, uploading new products and review new product offers.  • Uploaded new products on Buy.com.  • Built new information for products and learning products if no information was provided  Re: price and price items on Buy.com to attain the "Buy button" (lowest price on the page).  • Entered purchase orders or orders into inventory management system (Arcust).  • Corrected errors on pages that the company was listed on (i.e. as incorrect listing, wrong product  is mapped to wrong page, pricing issues, inventory issues).  • Dealt with various customer service issues (i.e. missing parts and replacements)  • Assisted automate many tasks, such as inventory, order import, tracking, offers, data entry for products buyers.  • Built relationship with our partners at Overstock and Buy.com to streamline the work exchange between those companies and our company.  • Managed warehouse operations during the holiday season to make sure that products were delivered on time to our customers.  • Work with admin regarding online inventory/order/product webpage. Dispatch Assistant to VP White Glove Transportation - Ridgewood, NY September 2008 to March 2009 • Scheduled all local pick-ups and deliveries for clients.  • Maintained daily database within Microsoft Access for all pick-ups, deliveries as well as for long distance drivers.    • Provided paperwork to multiple military bases worldwide, including Germany, Hawaii, Netherlands, etc.  • Provided information for military members who are transferred from one base to another.  • Handled incoming/outgoing when a military member is transferred from one base to another.  • Provided all services for transfers to be made, including customer clearance, carriers and proper pre-approved military requests.  • Processed claims.  • Arranged pick-ups and delivery for trucks on the road to California, Florida and Chicago Project Coordinator (Independent Contractor) Citibank April 2008 to September 2008 • Assisted Dell on tracking computer and laptop machines being occupied at the Citibank location in Long Island City - consisted of 50 floors.  • Scanned bar codes on computer and laptop machines into a hand-held device, which converted it onto an excel spreadsheet for Dell to review.  • Developed asset tracking procedures that streamlined the inventory process resulting in cost savings and improved time on deliverables for 4000 users.  • Acted as technical lead for the asset reconciliation project, providing daily logistical planning of floor assignments to eight consultants for the Long Island City PCS project team. Education Associate in Technology in Networking & Communications Management DeVry College of New York December 2014 Skills AUTHENTICATION, MULTI-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION, IT INFRASTRUCTURE, OPTIMIZATION, SECURITY Certifications/Licenses Driver's License