IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager and Trainer Dallas, TX I bring over 10 years of experience in training and managing projects with a passion for coordinating training seminars and implementing new projects. Adept at synergizing team efforts, managing up to 10 personnel, I affect quality deliverables on time, on target, and within budget.    Skilled at managing complex projects, I optimize resources and control costs, implementing procedures that ensure the acquisition of necessary resources. From strategic project planning through seamless execution, I analyze and manage risks while liaising with executives and stakeholders to exceed client expectations.    Savvy in program management, strategy development, public relations, and business development, I offer value-added capabilities in driving continuous process improvements and corporate initiatives.    My accomplishments illustrate my ability to deliver success across a wide variety of projects:   ? I coordinated all social media at Jericho Road including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, working with bloggers and helping with special events.  ? As Marketing Director for Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce, I successfully executed multiple events and projects annually. I was a key player in saving over $1000 in fees.  ? I excelled at training and developing new and existing employees in the classroom, online, and hands-on as well as clients and their employees.    I am always happy to lend my expertise in project management, and I look forward to connecting with you. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Riskonnect - Dallas, TX June 2019 to Present Manage complex SaaS implementations for new and existing clients   Deliver customized solutions   Maintain, track and olupdate project status and resources   Manage schedule and project logistics   Communicate with a large number of employees at all levels of the organization   Lead client facing project management meetings Field Implementation Specialist Dealertrack 2017 to Present 713 characters)    Dealertrack is the leading provider of on-demand software for the auto industry in the United States.    Currently, I manage on-site client implementations and provide regular feedback to stakeholders along with coaching dealership users on DMS software through one-on-one and classroom-style environments. Leveraging my strong customer service skills, I also assist with client inquiries, troubleshooting, and resolving product issues. I attend training sessions to keep up with the latest trends.  ? My role involves working with people and technology to achieve deliverables through training and client support as well as facilitating various special projects. I customize software settings to meet customer needs. Social Media Marketing Consultant/Trainer Jericho Road Dallas 2015 to 2017 821 characters)    Jericho Road Dallas matches volunteers with the needs of community-based nonprofit organizations.    As a consultant, I coordinated all social media at Jericho Road including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, collaborating with bloggers and assisting on special events. With oversight of training and development initiatives, I coached non-profits on existing and new trends online or in the classroom. In addition, I planned events and fundraisers.  ? To yield significant new business, I executed digital and social integrated marketing campaigns, drafted content for websites and mobile sites, and kept current on social media best practices.  ? We raised $40,000.00 in one day during the North Texas Giving Day spending under $300.00 through my efforts of developing the event, personalizing logos, and researching Facebook ads. Marketing Director/Implementations Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce 2014 to 2015 977 characters)    The Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce is currently comprised of over 440 members, including home-based businesses, non-profit organizations, and large corporations.    I managed five councils including special events, ambassadors, small business, the board of directors, and educational clearinghouse. I trained and created implementations for employees and members. To drive social media, I maintained media sites for the Chamber, including E-Blasts via Constant Contact, Facebook posts, and Twitter feeds. I planned Chamber events while ensuring costs were within budgeted amounts and wrote press releases.  ? I raised $20,000.00 for the Home show by sourcing 100+ vendors, creating the event on Facebook, making logos on Facebook, and budgeting for radio time and billboard time.  ? By combining process improvements and cost savings initiatives, I saved the chamber annually over $1000.00 implementing a new cc system through research and collaboration with senior leadership. Account Manager/Trainer Ben E. Keith 2010 to 2013 819 characters)    Ben E. Keith Company is the 8th largest broad line foodservice distributor and fourth largest beverage distributor in the United States.    As a vital member of the management team, I planned revenue potential of Ben E. Keith products within the territory, focusing on adult beverages sales to restaurants, bars, and golf courses.    As a people leader, I formulated training plans for new and existing employees in the classroom, online, and hands-on as well as clients and their employees. I devised marketing, advertising, and financial strategies for clients.  ? I facilitated diverse training of employees resulting in trainees being promoted to sales representatives with a high success rate in their positions.  ? I compelled peak performance by developing a spreadsheet for my accounts to allow transparency and accuracy. Account Manager/Trainer Illinois Distributing Company 2009 to 2010 776 characters)    Illinois Distributing Company was an Anheuser-Busch wholesaler based in Belleville, Illinois.    In this role, I worked with independent and high sales volume merchandising chains, on and off premise accounts for Anheuser-Busch distributors, driving exceptional stakeholder satisfaction. I engaged in the promotion of Anheuser-Busch product lines and assisted customers with Anheuser-Busch products.  ? With a focus on revenue generation, I built product displays, placed advertising material, and garnered brand presence and sales for the Anheuser-Busch family of beers.  ? I trained and developed new and existing employees in the classroom, online, and hands-on.  ? Focusing on growth opportunities, I engaged with leadership to facilitate the sales process and achieve sales goals. Education Bachelor of Applied Science in Health Communications Southern Illinois University 2008 Skills customer service (2 years), Marketing (7 years), RECEPTIONIST (2 years), RETAIL SALES (2 years), training (8 years), Project Management Additional Information Skills & Expertise (50-item limit): 30 items    Social Media Marketing, Training, Implementation, Client Implementations, Project Management, Timelines, Change Leadership, Problem Resolution, Management, Business Strategy, New Product Development, Strategic Planning, Analysis, Account Management, Sales, Sales Operations, Stakeholder Relations, Logo Design, Event Project    Management, Marketing Event Planning, Time Management, Continuous Improvement, Process Improvement, Procedural Writing, Public Relations, Customer Service, Client Relationship Management, Team Building, Cross-functional Collaboration, MS Office Suite