Program/ Project Manager Healthcare Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Healthcare Seeking FT Ambulatory/Medical Management Greenville, SC Extremely driven and patient friendly. SME in the build and end user use of several EHR applications; clinical and pharmacy. I am also trained in auditing/credentialing as well.  HIM. Private sectors for special needs and transitioning individuals into society. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program/ Project Manager Healthcare Independent October 2013 to Present Independent PM/Analyst/IT&IS Support/Auditing/Credentialing/Coding  Build, Implementation, and Activation support of EMR components to include Cerner, Epic, and several standalones. Consultant for MU compliance and validity of systems for audit readiness. These typically require weekly travel stays. For ethical reasons, when activation/implementation is involved, I prefer to be there during the build. As I am very well versed in the pharmacy and Order Entry, work flow processes, Risks Management with the ability to provide the testing and educated suggestions that may be needed to keep policies and procedures for the facility, vender, and CMS in sync. I have a referenceable reputation for being able to walk into a distressed environment, analyze, create a plan with reasonable time frames, economically, participate in the build/and or oversee it, test it. My best work has been under immense pressure.    HMA acquisition by CHS, Naples, FL  Choctaw Memorial Hospital, Butler, AL  Longmont United Hospital, Boulder, CO  Christian Hospital, St Louis, MO  Good Samaritan, Vences, IN  West Suburban, Leesburg, FL  South Boston, VA Lead IT MU Analyst (Consultant) ProMedica Health System - Toledo, OH May 2013 to August 2013 Lead IT MU Analyst (Consultant)  Prepared 5 facilities for 90 day reporting period for attestation Stage 1, year 1. System validation and audit readiness. Trained staff on policies and procedures. Work around education. Implemented procedures and tested systems for compliance with CMS CQM's. Did an extreme amount of footwork with the creation of a tool to assist in McKesson being able to pull needed information from our database to submit for reporting to CMS. Lead Pharm IT Build Analyst (Consultant) ProMedica Healthcare Systems - Toledo, OH December 2011 to May 2013 Build for CPOE and Evidence Based Medical Practices used to meet MU. Build of 2500+ medications, copied, and configured to 9 additional facilities. Regression, integrated, and unit testing in all 9 facilities. Problem resolution. Creation of training documentation for provider and nursing end users and super users. Provided research for current assessments prior to build, during implementation, and after implementation of model/test/production environments. Interface testing for A60's, HL7 messages in/out bound, and closed loop for HEO/HMM/AdminRX.    Spent countless hours being the liaison between the facility and McKesson. More times than not, I was able to fix ProMedicas issues before the vendors "hotfixes, version upgrades, or even a response" came from the vendors. Lead IS and IT Clinical Analyst for CPOE (Consultant) Community Health Systems - Franklin, TN February 2011 to October 2011 Served as liaison between CPOE project team members in a hospital system as it related to development, implementation, testing, and maintaining order set components of the CPOE system for hospital and acute care admissions and discharges. Lead Consultant responsible for preparing order sets for build in Zynx and then importation into McKesson Horizon Clinical, Cerner, Keane, and HMS systems. Collaborated with vendors to develop, test, and implement the Zynx order sets within the CPOE software. Areas of focus included Psychiatry order set design, testing of functionalities, and rules integration, alerts and clinical decision support. Participated in other projects/committees as requested to contribute to the departments overall goals, objectives, and needs. Assisted in creating and maintaining test scripts, unit and integrated testing. Tracking Release Management. Order, Order Set, and Test Script creation and build. Education Bachelor's in Science HIM with a minor in Psychology Limestone College 2009 Skills Project Management, Apple, Program Management, PMP, Current Microsoft Office (10+ years), Medical Assistant (10+ years), Phlebotomy (10+ years), Auditing for CMS Compliance (8 years), Efficient Medical Personnel Credentialing (8 years), Billing/Coding fixes (10+ years), Documentation creation on corporate level/layman abilities (8 years), Risk Management delivery prior to projects (8 years), Electronic Health Records build,impliment,activate clinical and pharmacy pieces while keeping within company and insurers guidelines. (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Medical Assistant Present This certification allows for me to take orders providing patient care from the Doctor directly or via a Registered Nurse. CPhT 2001 to Present Assisting Pharmacist to fill orders. I have mostly used this for build and implement in EMR Assessments Electronic Medical Records Knowledge — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate’s knowledge of EMR data and associated privacy regulations, as well as best practices for EMR use. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5ihq0qminfibokwn Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Please feel free to email or text me for a complete copy of my resume. The Indeed generator distorted more of this than I have time to rebuild.    Thank you so much for your consideration.