Live Video Technician and Growth Expert Live Video Technician and Growth Expert Accomac, VA Work Experience Live Video Technician and Growth Expert August 2015 to Present Twitch/ Discord    Created hardware and software streaming stacks for numerous Twitch streamers. Helped grow their viewership from practically nothing to over 1k viewers a month. Using applications such as Discord to create communities that people are able to join and communicate with each other. Creating text and voice channels for members to use in order to meet, talk, and game. The ultimate goal was achieved by creating a social network for streamers to grow their twitch channels. IT/ AV Project Manager National Technology Rentals September 2014 to January 2015 Managed setting up IT/ AV equipment that customers would rent for specific times and places all over the country. Transported highly-valued equipment from the warehouse to the customers specified location or I would travel to a location and acquire the necessary equipment.100% no-damage rate for any equipment under my care. Non-Commissioned Officer - Communications Chief/ Field Radio Operator USMC May 2011 to July 2014 Assigned to the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion, 1st Marine Division at Camp Pendleton, CA as a Private First Class Field Radio Operator. After a year of on the job training I was promoted to Lance Corporal and sent to Charlie Company 1st Platoon as a Communications Chief. Duties involved; responsible for all radio systems and crypto in the platoon worth over $700k, developed communications plans, successfully establish HF, VHF, and UHF terrestrial and satellite communications to lower and higher units in the command. Instructed other Marines on radio systems and system software.  Our unit completed a work up for deployment through multi-echelon exercises at Camp Pendleton and 29 Palms, CA. These exercises include "Steel Knight" and "Desert Scimataur", large scale exercises that required secure and non-secure communications on multiple radio systems, quick thinking and quick reaction during live fire field operations. The unit was declared as 1st Marine Division's Crisis Reaction Force for eight months during which time we engaged in many exercises to further our skills.Duties involved; Created Communication Plans, placed in charge of all communications equipment, instructed soldiers from the Japanese Defense Forces on multiple radio systems, radio tactics, and Field Expedient Antennas.  After the eight month rotation as Crisis Reaction Force was completed, Charlie Company was transferred over to Alpha Company. Promoted to Corporal as Alpha Company was scheduled for a Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) overseas deployment in 2014. During the work up for deployment field operations ranging from communications to weapons tactics. Tested new radio equipment for possible deployment by the 1st Reconnaissance Battalion that could be implemented for tasks required by the reconnaissance community. Upon completion of this evaluation our team submitted multiple written and oral reports about the viability of the new equipment during situations and tasks assigned to the unit. Information Systems Associate Corporate Cyber Academy Northrop Grumman June 2010 to April 2011 Assisted with the development and implementation of classroom labs and modules for Northrop Grumman's Corporate Cyber Academy. Acted as instructor for portions of Cyber 101 and 002 courses with class sizes of up to 50 students. Responsible for; network management of these Cyber workshops, classroom setup, instruction, equipment operations, and network - hardware configuration. Also responsible for Classroom tear down that included; zeroing laptops, install fresh virtual machines (VMs) and the encryption of sensitive data. Also responsible for researching hacking tools, some of which were included in the Cyber Academy curriculum. Assisted with writing and reviewing white papers and instructional materials. Education New River Community College - Dublin, VA January 2015 to Present Diploma Loudoun County High School - Leesburg, VA June 2010