Adjunct Professor Adjunct Professor Multifaceted 7-year career in enterprise security governance, risk, and compliance practices and implementation Upper Marlboro, MD Security information and assurance professional with proven success in planning, analyzing, and executing on sophisticated security systems, policy, processes, and diagnostics for government and corporate clients. Collaborative team and project manager, proficient at cross-functional communications, security/risk controls, and audits. Adept and knowledgeable professor, creatively introducing students to core security policies and compliance along with in-field experience.    Security Governance, Risk & Compliance Implementation (sGRC) / Project Management / Leadership & Staff Training / Continuous Diagnostic Monitoring (CDM) / Security Controls Assessment (SCA) / Audit, Audit Readiness, & Reporting / Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) / Federal Identity, Credential, and Access Management (FICAM) / Federal Information System Controls Audit Manual (FISCAM), Informaion Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Adjunct Professor College of Southern Maryland - La Plata, MD January 2018 to Present Developed Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery course for Cybersecurity degree program, and taught two classes (30 students/class) per semester.  Key Achievements:  * Planned class syllabus, lectures, assignments, and in-field experiences.  * Restructured curriculum for Network Security & Infrastructure online classes. Deputy Project Manager ManTech International Corporation - Washington, DC September 2017 to Present Orchestrated and coordinated strategic planning, special projects, audit/reporting, and enterprise sGRC teams to develop and deploy security system for large government client. Provided critical technical and policy advice, assessments, and recommendations to Chief Information Officer (CIO), Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and senior leadership on cross-functional compliance issues pertaining to security audit, reporting, and system implementation.   Key Achievements:  * Accelerated improvements in FY18 FISMA CIO Metric Cross-Agency Priority (CAP) scores by 30%.   * Strengthened security architecture and audit procedures and generated 40% fewer Inspector General (IG) findings in FY18 FISMA audit.   * Optimized aggregation of data and quarterly FISMA CIO Metric reports into one streamlined template for 12 operating divisions.   * Reviewed and restructured documentation practices, testing workflows, and implementation processes and raised productivity and efficiencies by 50%.  Management & Operational Control Assessor ManTech International Corporation - Washington, DC June 2017 to Present Conducted Security Control Assessments (SCA) to evaluate system readiness and contributed to Authorizations to Operate (ATO) decisions. Collaborated with and interviewed Information System Security Officer (ISSO), subject matter experts (SME), and system support personnel on management and procedures to identify improvements and operational innovations.  Key Achievements:  * Reviewed key documents of System Security Plans (SSP) and other policies and procedures to signal system readiness and recommend operating authorizations.  * Created security assessment plans, kick-off/security assessment workbooks, risk matrices, project timelines, and security assessment reports (SAR) to support and comply with highest industry standards.  * Conducted risk diagnostics on security systems and system boundaries to comply with NIST 800-30 and 800-53. Lead FISMA Audit Analyst & Senior IA Policy Analyst ManTech International Corporation - Washington, DC July 2016 to June 2017 Oversaw FISMA Audit & Compliance five-member team, driving more streamlined audit processes and providing FISMA and FISCAM subject matter expertise. Produced IT financial statement audits, FISMA quarterly reports, and FISMA annual assessments. Provided recommendations to senior management on Information Assurance policies and Standard Operating Procedures.  Key Achievements:  * Participated in cross-intelligence agency working groups to improve security intelligence policies and drafted comprehensive corrective practices.  * Conducted monthly reviews of SharePoint site information to ascertain quality, accuracy, and relevance.  * Produced FISMA content for quarterly newsletters, staff training/presentations, and audit reporting. Senior IT Risk & Assurance Specialist Ernst & Young, LLC - Washington, DC May 2014 to July 2016 Assisted defense and national security market with FISCAM and A-123 audits and audit readiness efforts utilizing with FISCAM methodology. Engaged with clients in meetings and implementation of system control designs and assessments. Responded to requests for information (RFI) and requests for qualifications (RFQ).  Key Achievements:  * Recommended meaningful corrective action plans with root cause analysis. Senior Consultant Booz Allen Hamilton - Baltimore, MD August 2012 to May 2014 Performed compliance analyses and risk assessments to identify gaps and weaknesses in monitoring processes vs. NIST SP 800-30, 800-17, 800-65, and FICAM guidelines. Responded to requests for RFIs/RFQs.  Key Achievements:  * Increased visibility into agency's network by 40% due to control implementation initiatives.  * Developed Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy for the agency.  * Assisted with proposal and improvement recommendations in quality control reviews and final client deliverables with senior management. Information Security Specialist Information Security Enterprise Consulting, LLC - Washington, DC June 2012 to December 2012 Examined and documented digital identity lifecycle management procedures to ensure compliance with FICAM guidelines for onboarding, maintenance, provisioning, and off-boarding.  Key Achievements:  * Assessed and reported on effectiveness of internal IT control designs to increase efficiencies and implement standardized testing procedures. Education Master's in Business Administration University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2017 to May 2018 Master's in Information Technology: Information Assurance University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD May 2011 to May 2013 Bachelor's in Criminology and Criminal Justice University of Maryland - College Park, MD August 2006 to May 2010 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2019 to June 2022 Security+ July 2013 to July 2022 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS, and Linux  Software:  Xacta, RiskVision, RSA Archer, Cyber Security Asset Mangement (CSAM), RSAM, Wireshark, Snort, tecpdump, NMAP, JIRA, Confluence, Remedy, Microsoft Office Suite