IT/Digital Project Scheduler (MS Projects/Primavera P6) <span class="hl">IT</span>/Digital <span class="hl">Project</span> Scheduler (MS <span class="hl">Projects</span>/Primavera P6) IT/Digital Project Scheduler (MS Projects/Primavera P6) - Ameren Corporation St. Louis, MO Successful demonstration of skills and leadership experience in corporate, industrial and operating environment. Specializing in  process control, procurement, subcontracting, vendor management, assignment coordination, projects and business services.  Offering skills in vendor contracts, work product delivery, documentation, planning, reporting, projections, and scheduling.  Possess strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to partner across departments to meet the needs of the  organization. Consistently receive positive feedback from managers, co-workers and clients. Work Experience IT/Digital Project Scheduler (MS Projects/Primavera P6) Ameren Corporation - St. Louis, MO May 2019 to Present • Execute schedules of all phases of a projects life cycle (Initiation, Engineering, Procurement, Construction/Installations, Monitoring and Controlling, Close-out).  • Maintain project schedules in Primavera and/or Microsoft Project at determined intervals to ensure jobs are being  completed on time and within budget.  • Create project artifacts as well as provided subject matter expertise on systems development life cycles and project  management processes and tools.  • Perform project progress monitoring duties including identifying critical activities and reviewing forecasts with progress  achieved to date. Develop project plan and met all established project deadlines. Project Scheduler (Primavera P6) Diversified Conveyors, Int'l - SeaTac, WA February 2019 to May 2019 Maintained project schedules in Primavera and/or Microsoft Project at determined intervals to ensure jobs are being  completed on time and within budget.  • Created project artifacts as well as provided subject matter expertise on systems development life cycles and project  management processes and tools.  • Performed project progress monitoring duties including identifying critical activities and reviewing forecasts with progress  achieved to date.  • Developed project plan and met all established project deadlines.  • Clearly communicated roles, expectations, and accountabilities to all team members.  • Monitored the project risk register to ensure that risks are effectively managed to minimize their impact on the schedule, scope and budget of the projects. Project Control Specialist (Primavera P6) Orano Federal Services - Federal Way, WA April 2018 to February 2019 Assisted Project Managers, Nuclear and Mechanical Engineers and Team Leads in the creation, monitoring and changing  of project plans, resource plans and milestones, ensuring adherence to approved standards.  • Monitored project progress and performed variance analysis in comparison with the schedule baseline.  • Coordinated with cross-functional departments to identify project issues, monitored action items, and worked with project  manager to ensure resolution.  • Gathered information from the project team to develop project execution schedule, project execution plan, and work  breakdown structure (WBS).  • Maintained project schedules in Primavera at determined intervals to ensure jobs are being completed on time and within budget.  • Analyzed subcontractor's baseline schedule, evaluate, and forecast current status against the established baseline schedule  and monthly schedule updates and define and monitor closely the program critical path. Raw Material Planner/Purchasing Agent II University Swaging Corporation - Woodinville, WA December 2017 to April 2018 • Sourced and purchased raw material, parts, machinery, equipment, tools, services, and materials for operations of manufacturing aerospace parts.  • Requested RFQs, RMAs, issued purchase order contracts, resolved account payable issues, and managed day-to-day supplier  relationships and performances to assure availability of quality material.  • Communicated with suppliers and analyzed suppliers' operations to decide factors that affect prices and determines lowest  cost consistent with quality, reliability, and ability to meet required schedules.  • Identified discrepancies concerning vendor pricing, ensuring accurate billing of invoices from external vendors.  • Reviewed proposals, negotiates prices, selects, or recommends suppliers, analyzes trends, follows up orders placed, verifies  delivery, and maintain records. External Vendor Management - Procurement Specialist Microsoft Corporation - Redmond, WA April 2017 to December 2017 Supported Microsoft C+E Business Operations in the procurement of process of new PO's and extensions for external vendor  and outsourced staff in HeadTrax.  • Managed end-to-end purchase order/NDA creation, new supplier setups, contract execution, SOW and PO review.  • Ensured vendor compliance with key contract deliverables by reviewing evidence based on agreed schedule with IT  management and vendors.  • Processed work statements, contract documents, business cases, purchase summaries and requests for proposal to identify  preferred vendors and decrease the number of vendors.  • Serve as point of contact for the team on issues related to headcount, extensions, and third party software and vendor  relations. Operations Management - Procurement Specialist Oculus Research - Redmond, WA August 2016 to April 2017 • Managed procurement activities in hardware equipment, material sourcing, technical support, and vendor relations in the creation of requisitions for POs, P-card purchases, blanket POs, and invoice approvals.  • Collaborated with Engineers, Research Scientist, Global Procurement Leadership, Negotiators and Technical Project  Managers to implement Augmented and Virtual Reality goals.  • Conducted Global and Domestic sourcing and working closely with vendors and Project Manager in managing a variety of Projects, Costs and Supplier engagements.  • Tracked all orders placed with suppliers, inspected materials upon delivery to ensure that orders have been filled correctly  and inform respective recipients of the order.  • Developed and built relationships with key suppliers and measured suppliers performance using data based on cost, quality  and service level metrics.  • Negotiated terms and conditions with vendors to ensure optimum price, competitiveness and high quality products. Legal Operations - Program Manager Amazon Corporation - Seattle, WA January 2016 to August 2016 Organized, planned, tracked, measured, and reported on the status of a variety of projects throughout the entire project  development life cycle.  • Developed, wrote, and edited communication materials on SharePoint for global accessibility. SharePoint Administrator in charge of user access, creating/reengineering webpages and document libraries for manuals, guides, and Standard Operating  Procedures (SOPs).  • Executed ongoing Salesforce administration (create accounts, defining fields, updating layouts, etc.) and development.  • Incorporated Salesforce Chatter as a collaborating on projects activities and chat feeds, feed tracking, feedback polls, customizable notifications and alerts. Globally trained Legal Operations on DocuSign, SharePoint, DealShare-Salesforce  structures.  • Provided first-level user support integrations, created, configured, and administered SharePoint sites and user permission  rights.  • Collaborated with multiple departments and application leads to successfully integrate SharePoint applications with non- SharePoint applications and improve business processes between project teams.  • Frequently interfaces with developers, management, and stakeholders to ensure quality, timeliness, and testing of all  project/release work.  • Researched and gathered materials as well as interfaced with customer and other vendors to determine end user needs for documentation. Facilities Operations - Project Manager Microsoft Corporation - Redmond, WA January 2015 to January 2016 • Delivered advanced technical support to the Senior Program Manager for the TBS (Team Based Space) initiatives.  • Acted as point of contact to the Neighborhood Reps throughout the TBS transitioning phases.  • Supported the business groups as they occupy TBS ensuring the successful transition.  • Consulted with Senior PM in customizing key project change activities and messaging schedules and managing project  Capex budgets.  • Major contributor to content creation as it relates to current and future TBS onboarding initiatives.  • Developed and manage internal communication tools. Created and managed employees' profiles using various Microsoft  tools. MRO/Services Buyer Gerdau Steel - Petersburg, VA January 2014 to December 2014 In-charge of all cost-effective purchasing of facilities projects and management teams within the Eastern Region.  Contributed to the achievement of $250K savings in PPE and uniforms within the first month of joining the team.  • Negotiated the best prices and terms for projects within the $200K to $3M range; which reduced costs by 30%.  • Best Practices Business Global Solutions to Enterprises by managing, analyzing, restructuring, implementing, and proposing  strategic activities using ERP tools.  • Ensured compliance with budget and cost control and prepared quarterly procurement expenditure focusing on financial and accounting support, management, and reporting.  • Managed RFQ, process purchase orders on SAP, draft statements of work (SOW) and manage contract renewals. Conducted  proposal preparation, contract drafting and negotiation for services. PSPC Backlog Manager Harris Corporation - Lynchburg, VA January 2013 to January 2014 Global ordering and financial projects on P6, SAP, CRM, and Enterprise Core Component specific to Order Management  projects. Managed the telecommunications materials backlogs between Harris Corporation, manufactures and supplier.  • Researched product information, pricing products, ordering products, and following up on outstanding back orders.  • Improved supplier delivery performance through the Supplier Look Ahead process.  • Worked closely with the engineers and PM with execution, scheduling and processing of projects information. Populated  specific tables, databases for collection, tracking and reporting of data using MS Access, and Excel.  • Performed analytical, and administrative work in supporting new and existing database processes.  • Collaborated with Engineers and Project Managers on critical telecommunications materials including assessing costs, workload tracking, and resource management. Education Bachelor's in Business Administration and Management in Business Administration and Management Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO Associate's in Business Administration in Business Administration Colorado Technical University - Colorado Springs, CO Skills Operations, Operations management, Credit, Primavera, Cognos, Ibm cognos, Ms project, Sharepoint, Erp, Sap, Content management, Deltek, Purchasing, Procurement, Supply chain, Opex, Credit card, Costpoint, Deltek costpoint, Contract review, Project Management, Excel, Outlook, accounting, Photoshop, Project Management, Excel, Outlook, accounting, Photoshop, Scheduling, Revit Certifications/Licenses Primavera P6 Professionals Fundamental July 2018 to Present Additional Information KEY SKILLS AND STRENGTH  • Contract Review & Negotiation • Hardware/Software Procurement • SharePoint Administration  • Corporate Credit Card Purchases • Operations Management • Stakeholder Engagement  • Kanban's Methodology • Opex/Capex Procurement Process • Supply Chain Operations  • Global Supplier/Vendor Relations • Project Reporting and Support • Technical Purchasing/Sourcing    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY:  • Content Management: SharePoint Designer, SharePoint, DocuSign Administrator, DocuShare, Salesforce  • Procurement: Made2Manage, eSourcing, SAP, Supplier Portal, Concur, Infor SyteLine ERP, HeadTrax, MyOrder  • Project Controls: MS Project, P6 Primavera, IBM Cognos, Deltek Costpoint 7, Adobe LiveCycle