Quality Operations Project Manager II Quality Operations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II Quality Operations Project Manager II - Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc Richmond, VA Work Experience Quality Operations Project Manager II Virginia Premier - Richmond, VA January 2019 to Present ·        Serve as the health plan’s quality department’s level 2 project manager.   ·        Responsible for running, leading, and facilitating projects throughout the project life cycle.   ·        Work with internal and external vendors to ensure that standards and accreditation points are met throughout the enterprise.   ·        These points are monitored by creating processes and company-wide standards represented through documents and dashboards managed by myself and presented to committees that report to state regulatory entities that keep the entire health plan accredited.   ·        Direct associates and consultants by delegating administrative tasks.  IT Operations Project Manager Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc - Richmond, VA June 2016 to January 2019 • Assume responsibility of project manager or lead facilitator on assigned projects, departmental initiatives, and process improvement by guiding a team through problem solving and solution discovery while moving towards agreed upon milestones and completion dates.  • Build rapport amongst vendors and contractors to create lasting relationships, for future endeavors that may present themselves.  • Develop communication channels through all levels of staff.  • Direct operational staff IT Operations Analyst Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc - Richmond, VA June 2016 to January 2019 • Develop and communicate business cases to support recommendations for change to current business practices and process, and develop controls to monitor progress associated with the implementation of recommended changes.  • Document, measure, monitor and report the status of various project and departmental initiatives. Conduct audits to ensure documented processes and procedures are performed with ongoing feedback to the appropriate managers.  • Assist in the building and implementation of an IT configuration management process and team. IT Systems Analyst Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc - Richmond, VA January 2016 to June 2016 • Work closely with multiple IT support departments in servicing applications and program software to monitor and control the fluidity of project processes and packages.  • Using multiple programs such as Microsoft SQL, daily monitor updates on provider and client information to upload to various data warehouses.  • Service AdHoc issues relating to various software permissions requested by fellow employees and management to maintain an efficient and easy to use processing system.  • Point of contact for granting new employee application access.  • Multitask in keeping an open line of communication between the associates and application managers to properly log in to various applications.  • Access remote desktops that would allow me to troubleshoot and guide end user issues. Finance Analyst Virginia Premier Health Plan, Inc - Richmond, VA July 2015 to January 2016 • Collaborate in managing financial and utilization data for Medicare and Medicaid health care  • beneficiaries within the In Total Third-Party network.  • Weekly compile and sort finance information for regular monthly reporting to Health  • Service providers to ensure the contractual Service Level Agreements are met.  • Responsible for setting up management and administrative fees for new Primary Care  • Physicians according to contractual terms.  • Cross-check register claim amounts to data warehouse claim amounts. Directly report  • the discrepancies, if any, to accounting to be corrected as quickly and efficiently as possible.  • Use the Lean Six Sigma Methodologies to efficiently work through situations that arise in a constantly  • fluid work environment.  • Use proficiency in Microsoft Office: Excel, Word, Access, and PowerPoint along with my  understanding in SQL to meet request deadlines easily and efficiently. Online Banking Specialist Wells Fargo Bank - Glen Allen, VA October 2014 to July 2015 • Responsible for clients and everyday banking needs as it pertains to online primarily as well as vocally coaching them through physical needs they may be experiencing.  • Build rapport with clients and refer them to the products and services that would assist in making them become financially aware and successful.  • In the short time of working there, I was able to graduate at the top of my training class, and continue to excel as time progressed.  • My quick problem-solving skills were able to help me solve technological issues as well as personal clientele problems and decipher between the two to make a well-rounded sound decision for what the customer would need to do to become better off financially. Quality Control Analyst Amazon Fulfillment - Dinwiddie, VA April 2014 to October 2014 • Responsible for compiling virtual defect information found within the facility, researching their root causes and offenders and in turn distributing corrective feedback to educate defective practices to associates as well as managers who are not compliant in OSHA policies.  • Create and distribute reports using Excel spreadsheets to create pivot tables and arrange the data so that the facility can understand the health status on its quality of processes.  • Handle direct communications between department managers and operational managers regarding medium to large issues that may have risen through analytical findings, through reports, presentations, etc. Inventory Quality and Control Problem Solver Amazon Fulfillment - Dinwiddie, VA January 2013 to October 2014 • Responsible for compiling virtual defect information found within the facility, researching their root causes and offenders and in turn distributing corrective feedback to defective associates.  • Inspect inventory problem items and correct issues in accordance to policy to make sure facility remains OSHA compliant. Inventory Quality and Control Auditor Amazon Fulfillment - Dinwiddie, VA November 2012 to October 2014 Responsible for maintaining the integrity and quality of inventory items in one of the Richmond area's facilities by using standard work processes to audit inventory and their locations daily. Quality and Control Production Supervisor Amazon Fulfillment - Dinwiddie, VA November 2012 to October 2014 • Directly delegated a group of up to 80 associates on any given day, to carry out functions of Inventory Control/Quality Assurance (IC/QA).  • Reported directly to Senior Operational Manager to handle small facility wide projects.  • Train or delegate trainers to inform and instruct new associates on procedures and policies of maintaining the quality of inventory using techniques that leave extremely minuscule room for error using standard work processes to protect the integrity and DPMO of the new facilities. Quality Process Improvement Project Coordinator Amazon Fulfillment - Petersburg, VA May 2010 to August 2010 Led a small group of associates to focus on a highly defective facility process, determine its root cause and create a process to minimize the amount of defects injected into the facility. Project Intern VSU SAE Team - Petersburg, VA May 2010 to August 2010 Worked alongside professionals in designing and building a guideline qualified race car that fit SAE standards, while keeping the main focus behind the design on driver safety. Education Master of Science in Project Management Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA May 2014 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering Technology Virginia State University - Petersburg, VA May 2012 Skills MICROSOFT ACCESS, MICROSOFT SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, SQL, MICROSOFT PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, VISIO, EXCEL, MICROSOFT EXCEL, MICROSOFT POWERPOINT, POWERPOINT, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, MICROSOFT VISIO