IT Assistant <span class="hl">IT</span> Assistant Port Richey, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Assistant I.D.S - Clearwater, FL April 2012 to June 2015 As an Assistant I had many abilities and responsibilities'.  • I worked for many other companies, such as boat and RV sales and rentals.  • I worked on their websites, to ensure they had an eye-catching front page.  • I mostly worked behind the scenes, on the KPI's, applications, templates, etc.  • I've gained experience during my career at IDS.  • I've constructed many documents to give to potential clients.  • I designed the books that were to be spread out to companies we're working for.  • I also assembled the books.  • I designed the PowerPoint Presentations.  • I worked on payroll processing.  • I mapped out where the managers would be housed and fed on their travels.  • I would answer the phones when needed.  • I at times taught out people within the company how to perfect the KPI's as I do.  • I fixed the applications used when salesmen and women want to make a sale, email a customer, or look at the daily/weekly/monthly/yearly sales.  • I created the email and letter templates that employees use to email customers. Store Manager Underground by Journey's March 2012 to October 2013 Working at Gilligan's Tiki Huts as Project Manager it gave me many abilities to work as a Manager.  My Duties were as follows:  • Firstly, I have always had excellent customer service and people skills.  • I did payroll processing every Saturday.  • I would have my part timers stock shoes, as well as set them on display.  • When working for any Journey's, the manager is always the lead sales in any store.  • I would open and/or close the store.  • I had an assistant manager, who I would teach my job to, to prepare her for a management job elsewhere.  • I would construct a working schedule every Wednesday.  • I would check in incoming shipments from either different stores or the company.  • I would also check out shoes to send back to warehouse or to other stores.  • I would conduct star interviews, as well as teach my co- manager how to conduct interviews as well.  • I would personally train every person I hired myself, and how to sell if need be.  • I have skills in merchandising, we would set up displays, etc.  • I would go out on my breaks and network through the mall to create a network of people.  • I emailed the weekly, daily, and, monthly numbers to our district manager, they were also written down to keep track of sales versus last year, last week, track the trend.  • Being in a mall that often has rather small days (not a lot of people) I have plenty of working alone for long hours at a time.  • Managers are expected to work at the least 50 hours a week, but we usually work around 60. Project Manager/ Crew Manager Gilligan's Tiki Huts - Clearwater, FL July 2008 to February 2011 My duties as Project Manager are as follows.  • In the mornings I would pick up the people working on a specific job each day and deliver them there.  • I was the onsite manager.  • There were a lot of times when were short a person and I'd help with the construction of the huts.  • I managed payroll for the company.  • I did the hiring when we needed someone.  • I did the firing when we didn't need a particular individual.  • I would email customers, to possibly get follow-up customers.  • I would also work for repeat customers.  • I did some advertising.  • I helped design the website, and the Facebook pages.  • I took pictures of finished and unfinished work to post to the site.  • I made my Manager and I a book to carry around with pictures of previous work, along with prices.  • I did do a lot of selling for this company.  • I would supervise if needed on job sites.  • I made appointments with customers to see where and what they were wanting to purchase.  • I cleaned up and organized everything with company when I started.  • I did most of the calling and incoming calls.  • For a first job it taught a lot of necessary skills to take to my next career, which is what I can say about all of my jobs and experiences in my life. Additional Information SKILLS  • I was on the Presidents List in 2014 for having a 4.0 average in a certain term.  • I do have my G.E.D  • I have exceptional interpersonal skills, I am very good with people, and intend to continue to perfect my customer service skills.  • I am very punctual, when it comes to needing to be anywhere on time.  • I give 110% in any company I work for.  • I am very passionate in my work.  • I am an excellent asset where ever I work, I throw everything I have into any company I for.  • If I do not have experience I make up for with motivation, hard work, and great ethics.  • I am very determined, if I don't know something I will research it and teach myself.    THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME.