Technician Technician Nampa, ID Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technician TRIAD TransTech - Las Vegas, NV March 2016 to Present As a technician, we would remove old taxi meters, and from scratch re-wire new Triad meters into them by running wires, soldering, and cable managing. IT Manager/ Project Manager Best Western Hotel Plus - Bryce Canyon City, UT January 2019 to July 2019 As an IT Manager for Best Western, I am responsible for keeping both guest and corporate servers up and running. New PC's needed are either custom built or ordered through Dell depending on use. PC part swaps are very common, SSD installs, RAM upgrades, motherboard repairs, etc.. Significant accomplishments while being here include, upgrading our corporate network infrastructure to FortiNet Switches and Webfilters, Updating corporate POS system from HTTP to HTTPS, extending guest internet across entire property with use of bridges and access points, replacing DSL internet with Fiber Optic (In Process since March, currently have 3 of 5 building complete) , Backed Servers to an offline medium and total rebuild in February after major RansomWare attack. Clerk/Cashier KB Express - Long Valley Junction, UT June 2018 to September 2018 As a clerk, we were required to run a cash drawer, ensure stock was up to date, keep the store clean and tidy to provide customers with a friendly experience. Grinder Aquatics - Moapa, NV January 2018 to March 2018 As a grinder, I would grind all the hard edges of fiberglass bathtubs in production. We were required to wear P.P.E. when working, and used multiple types of grinders daily differing on the style of the tub. Reason for leaving after only 3 months was due to health problems with the fiberglass. Geek Squad Consultation Agent Best Buy - Las Vegas, NV July 2016 to February 2017 As a Geek Squad Consultation agent, we would assist clients by assessing the problem, and swiftly find a solution to there issue,whether it be a mobile device, game console, computer, etc. Customer Service True Value - Moapa Valley, NV May 2015 to November 2015 Responsibilities  I would help customers find what they were looking for with a positive attitude, i would help them with decisions on which product to select and which product would work best for the job they are working on. I load 120+ lb bails of hay into pick up trucks and trailers daily, and load 50 lb bags of animal feed into customers vehicles.I used mental math to help find customers as well as my boss, ways to save money on there spending. I would use a company truck to deliver products to customers, mostly lumber and hay, and always returned the truck in the same condition as i used it in. I would use a forklift daily to move pallets of store goods weighing upwards of 600 lbs. I would sort and organize store shelves and tackle any task i was asked to complete. This job had me multi-tasking daily and using communication skills constantly to ensure the safety of others when using the forklift and loading and unloading pallets of products. three out of 7 months i worked there i was recognized as the most orderly fashions employee as well as the time and money saver. My boss was soon within two months of me working there looking to me for help when ordering new products for the store and making decisions on what will sell best.    Skills Used  communication, multi-tasking, forklift driving, shelf stacking, heavy lifting, electrical management, problem solving, possitive attitude. Sandwich Artist/Cashier Subway - Panguitch, UT March 2014 to August 2014 Responsibilities  I would work a regular schedule, but also would be ready for whenever someone could not make it to work and i was always ready for my boss when he needed me. Daily we would get tour buses full of non-English speaking customers and would have to use patience and good listening to help provide them with what they wanted. i would have to every night at closing count the register assuring no money was missing and close down the shop solo.    Accomplishments  This job helped me multi-task. I would have to perform running a register as well as communicating with the customers. I learned that to give the customer true satisfaction you need a warm uplifting personality that makes them feel comfortable with you.    Skills Used  Money management, multitasking, preparedness, job hour flexibility Laborer Art Con Inc. - Las Vegas, NV January 2013 to February 2014 Responsibilities  Each day i would wake up at 5 am, meet my boss at the job site, and work a full 8 hour shift of pouring concrete, leveling ground, laying pavers, and perform other landscaping jobs.    Accomplishments  This job help teach me to always follow through to the end of a job. Landscaping is a job where if you follow through the feeling of accomplishing your tasks is almost as good as the pay.    Skills Used  although landscaping was a lot of wheelbarrow, shovel, concrete tools, and power tools work, you also needed to know how to run electric wire, set sprinkler systems, install pathway lights connected to a light switch Education High school or equivalent Moapa Valley High School - Moapa Valley, NV 2012 to 2016 Skills Knowledge of cell phones (5 years), Knowledge of CDMA and GSM frequencies and carriers (3 years), Knowledge of Snapdragon processors (4 years), Knowledge of Cellphone hardware (2 years), Landscaping (2 years), Forklift Operator (1 year), Customer Service (3 years), Computer components (3 years), computer software (3 years), computer troubleshooting (4 years), Video Editing (3 years), Audio Editing (3 years), Electrical (1 year), Carpentry (1 year), drywall (1 year), pool maintenance (7 years), masonary (1 year), Computer Repair (3 years), Knowledge of Windows Server 2008 (Less than 1 year), Knowledge of Windows Server 2012 (Less than 1 year), Knowledge of Java (1 year), Knowledge of JavaScript (1 year), Knowledge of Python (1 year), Knowledge of HTML (2 years), Knowledge of Windows Operating System (8 years), Knowledge of Linux Ubuntu (4 years), Knowledge of Linux Fedora (1 year), Knowledge of Computer Networking (2 years), Knowledge of Raspberry Pi (2 years), Arduino System Builds (4 years), Network Administration, Strategic Planning, Excel, IT Management, Active Directory, Vmware Awards Boy Scouts of America - Eagle Scout 2015-12 Certifications/Licenses Drivers License Assessments Customer Service Skills — Proficient June 2018 Measures a candidate's skill in evaluating approaches to customer service & satisfaction. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/np2nvwsvauko0fzj Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.