Projects Development, PM, PMO <span class="hl">Projects</span> Development, PM, PMO PMO, PM seeking career opportunities in NYC/London, Financial Services Background. Willing to relocate internationally for a great opportunity New York, NY Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience Projects Development, PM, PMO Robert Half Corporate - London December 2018 to Present - London, UK/San Ramon U.S.A Dec 2018 - present  • Overseeing a portfolio of 22 live projects, developing a governance framework for three global technical programs: O365 migration, Device rollout and RHICE (Data quality, Data integration. Invoicing, Payroll; internal financial systems).  • Project Manager of $2 million EMEA tablet rollout. Responsibilities included; managing overall project budget, carrying out extensive financial analysis, create detailed project plans, WBS, coordinate the rollout for 35 sites across the EMEA region, create end user training material.  • Provided excellent stakeholder management & PM to multiple third- party vendors during the implementation phases of IT projects. Suppliers included IT companies, Vodafone, BT, Insight and Protiviti Consulting.  • Highly experienced with initiating complex projects through gathering BRD & translating to IT deliverables, creating Project Charters, leading kick off meetings for Senior Stakeholders. Travel to San Ramon working with IT, Business, PM's, Legal, Security.  • Extensive experience with a myriad of project management tools including Jira, SharePoint, Planview, Microsoft Project and Confluence. Collecting, cleansing & analyzing data for a range of portfolio projects. Solely responsible for building financial reports to ensure sign off, track performances & providing quantitative analysis.  • Produced Program level resource forecasts by extracting raw project data from BI tool & analyzed with senior leadership teams. Developing & training a team of PMO analysts to enhance IT project performance & delivery.  Returned from NYC Sep 2018. Project development, PMO, Aladdin project, Private HSBC - New York, NY June 2018 to August 2018 - New York City, U.S.A June 2018 - Aug 2018  • Providing IT PMO for the initial phase 1 of the Aladdin trading platform technology (F.S application) adhering to BTF, Governance & HSBC principles of PLC methodologies.  • Additionally, analyzing private clients' liquidity needs, K&E & Time horizon, providing quantitate analysis to the highest standard for the Investment Counsellors using NetSuite, Business Objects. Owning integrity of MI, Data, analyzing trade accounts liaising with trading floor, FX: unsolicited/solicited, liaising with the trading senior stakeholders, responsible for the remediation & management of HNW portfolio using reporting software NetSuite & Business Objects. Managing internal audits reporting to Business Manager.  • Defining BRD & RACI. Ensuring data is completed for weekly governance meetings, supporting PM's on all PLC duties, reporting to the Assistant Director, taking ownership of multiple project deliverables, status reporting & documentation, utilizing JIRA, MS Project whilst consistently delivering communication across the groups; Legal & Compliance, Risk Team, Head of Advisory, I.T. Project team consisted of 15 people.  • Coordinating new processes set up by the Business Manager to align with current business process to maximize workload efficiency.  • Successfully drove project to UAT testing dates in August through providing highly effective project analysis adopting PMO, Assistant Project Manager In View Program, Private Citi Bank - New York, NY August 2017 to May 2018 - New York, U.S.A Aug 2017 - May 2018  • Responsible for maintaining and implemented standards & governance IT F.S technology In View program. Program consisted of 37 live projects - infrastructure & software upgrades, SDL. Supporting Portfolio Manager, PM's, reporting to Global Program Director. Example of Projects included: Credit Card, DMZ, Loans & Payments, Soft Token, Mobile Apps.  • Taking ownership of driving delivery of 7 I.T. technical medium - large projects as a PM, reporting to each Senior PM. Working globally across with teams in London, NAM & APAC. Stakeholders included, BA's, Testers, PM's, Developers. Owning the success of meeting project deliverables and driving PLC deliverables.  • Ensuring schedules were correct, coordinating with technical teams, establishing business process when creating reports, accountable for PLC reporting, tracking & monitoring project plans independently. Raising & monitoring CR's, ensuring controls are put in place for tracking status of project deliverables. Monitoring quality of work received by stakeholders to ensure accuracy of reporting to senior stakeholders including weekly governance meeting.  • Successful management of PMO mailbox, globally. Updating programe plan as directed by Program Director. Managing complete Project lifecycles with multiple teams ranging from 3 - 16 people. Translating BRD into IT deliverables with BA's.  • Reviewing BRD, creation of charters, presenting to stakeholders. Supporting weekend releases on UAT testing & developing test scripts, scheduled. Successful delivery of the seven projects within timeframe equipping towards the success of the In View Program delivery. Project Manager Private HSBC - London February 2017 to August 2017 Successful completion of the execution stage of a large -scale IT office from London to Birmingham. Steering governance meetings, distributing meeting minutes, actioning RAID items, providing project status reporting adhering to HSBC PLC framework. Creating & maintaining project plans. Tracking schedules and providing status reports. Analyzing & mitigating risks ensuring a smooth process towards project closure. Ability to deliver presentations at a board level. Brooklyn NYC life coaching the unemployed July 2016 to September 2016 Product Development Management, Capita Products, Private Capita - Birmingham April 2016 to June 2016 Responsible for adding over £4 million in revenue, through providing PMO & Business analysis within the Enterprise PMO team. Illustrating ability to work to deadlines in a highly pressurized environment, whilst acquiring knowledge required to perform within role, within a short period of time. Senior Finance Data Analyst Warwick Uni Birmingham January 2016 to March 2016 Oct 2016 - Jan 2017  • Delivering quantitate analysis including month to months, MI, evaluating resource & project planning, budget controls, cash management, invoicing, management of accounts, audit reports - excel heavy. Project Manager, IT. Migration, Technology AQA - London March 2015 to November 2015 Successful completion of windows 10 migration of 3000 users, providing both Business & PMO analysis. Provided end user communication, developing BRD into IT requirements, analyzing business processes, creating WBS & RAID log, producing reports whilst driving governance & status meetings. Project team consisted of 12. Project Development Manager Work Program, Ops, Avanta UK - London April 2014 to October 2014 Business client facing role, managing and leading four branches ensuring they all meet monthly targets, delivering work program project on time and within budget. (six months & within £3 million budget) PMO/ Project Manager Homeserve Insurance - Birmingham November 2010 to December 2013 Fast track progression client facing role, leading to a proficient PMO providing PLC support on multiple small business transformation projects internally, performing business reviews. Multiple IT infrastructure & application projects. Including data migration of over 2500 users. Education BA (Hons) in Sociology & Politics Nottingham Trent University - Nottingham September 2010 Skills Jira, Ms project, Sharepoint, Web design, Document management Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Interested to hear of products and services opportunities, financial services, growing thriving organisation with a clear defined career development plan.