Accounts Payable Specialist Accounts Payable Specialist Accounts Payable Specialist - Karl Strauss Brewing Company Work Experience Accounts Payable Specialist Karl Strauss Brewing Company - San Diego, CA March 2018 to Present • Analyzes financial documents such as the Profits and Loss statements to calculate various financial metrics.  • Conducts trend analyzes and prepares reports on current and prior month's budget variances.  • Manages invoices of up to $100,000K for all 11 Karl Strauss locations utilizing ERP Software.  • Handles payment inquiries from 7 internal departments and 400+ external suppliers.  • Administers and monitors 7 department's credit card accounts.  • Processes 100's of ACH's and the bi-weekly payrolls for 550+ employees.  • Completes journal entries for month end reconciliations and accrual purposes.  • Oversees daily bank deposits and accounts in excess of $1M IT Project Financial & Resource Manager Qualcomm Incorporated - San Diego, CA June 2017 to March 2018 • Collaborated with IT Financial Analysts to compare the planned budgets against month-end actuals to identify and propose solutions to any unfavorable variances for projects.  • Prepared and ensured the accuracy of various financial and accounting documents such as the month-end accruals.  • Liaised with 4 departments to prioritize Capital Expenditures in the Long-Range Strategic Planning of 25+ Programs.  • Involved in Human Resource Management resulting in increased efficiency for 25+ programs.  • Drafted legal statements of work contracts  • Verified and approved 500 invoices weekly for 120 suppliers. Lead Private Party Server Fleming's Steakhouse and Wine bar - San Diego, CA November 2009 to June 2017 • Prepared operational budgets, cost analysis, and annual sales reports to management.  • Achieved or exceeded monthly sales targets and customer satisfaction goals resulting in a 30% increase in private function reservations.  • Increased sales by financial planning and developing and implementing procedures that positively impacted the company's long-terms goals.  • Trained new employees in the company's operating procedures and financial internal controls. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Finance in Business Finance San Diego State University May 2017 Associate of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration San Diego City College May 2015 Skills RECONCILIATION, FORECASTING, ACCOUNTING, FINANCIAL FORECASTING, GREAT PLAINS, ERP, IPROCUREMENT, SECURITY, SHARE POINT, ORACLE, EXCEL, MICROSOFT OFFICE, PROBLEM-SOLVING, Accounts Payable, Invoice, AP, Accounts Receivable