Help desk Analyst Customer Support Help desk Analyst Customer Support IT Support Technician/Customer Service/Data Entry Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Help desk Analyst Customer Support Paya - Atlanta, GA October 2018 to Present • Provides exceptional customer experience by addressing inquiries using a variety of channels (telephone, email, chat, ticketing, etc.) in a support-center environment adhering to scheduled shifts, procedures, metrics, and departmental goals.  • Independently identifies the root cause of the client’s hardware, software or system issues and uses system analysis and testing techniques to solve low to complex application or system issues.  • Listens for customer trends and takes appropriate action to resolve. Acts as knowledge resource to others.  • Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues.  • Uses Knowledge Base methodologies to efficiently resolve issues. Contributes to company knowledge capital by creating and modifying reusable solutions in the knowledge base according to established procedures and policies. Actively promotes the knowledge base to our customers.  • Follow up and make scheduled call backs to customers where necessary  • Documents each customer interaction using our case tracking systems in a clear, concise, and understandable format. Escalate unresolved customer issues with all pertinent information included, to appropriate resources  • Works collaboratively and effectively within a team of peers. Models a positive, constructive attitude in the workplace. This includes presenting challenges in a positive light, offering constructive approaches to overcoming difficulties, and treating all individuals with respect  • Stays current on technical and business knowledge in all assigned applications. Seeks out opportunities to educate or share knowledge with team members. Acts as a positive change agent for roll out and alignment of support processes and procedures  • Actively participate in internal projects such as improvements to call flow processes, training development, capturing and maintaining knowledge capital, improving overall support skills, and improving customer service in the department as assigned.  • Effectively adjusts when priorities and resources change, managing time and resources to ensure the best possible outcome for the customer, employee and organization  • Provide technical support for existing Gateway and Virtual Terminal merchants for bankcard, virtual check, shopping cart, Donate Now, SEVT, VT3, integrated payment applications and other related products.  • Provide technical support for Paya Mobile Payments (registration issues, basic troubleshooting, and assistance with general questions with the phone application and website).  • Make account changes for merchants, sales reps and various internal departments.  • Attend all department and company meetings to stay up to date with the latest changes and releases.  • Provide technical assistance with custom software/website integrations to the Paya gateway via HTTPS Post, XML Web Services, SEP, and Paya Exchange Integrations.  • Initiates paperwork related to the various fees assessed to customers regarding, cancellations, equipment orders, training, shipping, or other additional charges.  • Assists with incoming requests to add services, add T&E card types, set up Debit and EBT, close accounts, DBA, name and address changes in front end files. Help Desk Support GA Dept. Natural Resources - Atlanta, GA May 2018 to September 2018 • Providing callers with application/website support and basic troubleshooting.  • Providing Point of Sale agent callers with basic hardware and application troubleshooting including internet/connectivity, site access, user account management/password resets; technical site errors/issues, and more.  • Accepting inbound phone calls from customers interested in purchasing hunting or fishing licenses.  • Answering basic inquiries about hunting/fishing regulation while navigating the state wildlife agency website.  • Processing license/permit sales for customers following issuance requirements and procedures.  • Assisting with license fulfillment.  • Other responsibilities as assigned by a supervisor Project Manager Direct RX - Alpharetta, GA February 2018 to May 2018 • Project manager in managing P21 accounts  • Microsoft office heavy use of word,access, and excel  • Basic PC IT troubleshooting / printers / shard drives / programs  • Running SQL queries and building commission and sale reports  • Heavy Data Entry of prices, part numbers, and account information Data Analyst Wipro-Contracted from UHC - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to February 2018 • NCC programs (SalesForce,CVone,CHQH)  • Contacting providers and making follow ups (calls,emails,faxes)  • Processing insurance claims through UHC  • Loading Medical Contractual and Demographic data into a NDB based off request and market information  • Updating Medicaid numbers and Provider information such as Address, Tax ID, NPI, DEA licenses and other important medical information for Providers in to the system  • Used Citrix receiver servers to utilize systems for processes  • Meeting quotas and exceeding daily goals  • Previous client service, sales, and/or call center experience  • Excellent interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills  • Proficient to advanced computer skills in Microsoft and Mac, including Microsoft Office and Excel  • Ability to work in a team-fostered environment  • Critical thinking and problem solving skills  • Ability to maintain the highest level of confidentiality  • Ability to prioritize and organize work  • Computing device/tablet technical knowledge  • Experience in diagnosing and repairing PCs or consumer electronic Service Administrator DESCARTES - Atlanta, GA September 2016 to December 2016 • Performed inventory control duties and management  • Configured and stage procedure and telematics hardware  • Performed Shipping and Receiving Duties  • Provided administrative support and service call scheduling  • Maintained customer contact and call ticket information within an existing database  • Utilize Microsoft office to organize and plan daily operations  • Worked under pressure to meet the demands of customer and maintain a service oriented and  • Solution driven mindset Help Desk Analyst West Rock - Atlanta, GA February 2016 to September 2016 • Took inbound calls (20-40 daily average) to provide support for users with issues related to login issues, password changes, and functionality issues  • Provided technical phone support for 25,000+ users with issues related to PC, computers, printers, software, and hardware problems for WESTROCK a Worldwide Paper Manufacturer  • Created, updated and escalate tickets using Service Now / Service One  • Microsoft 365 migration  • Reset and configured Microsoft Outlook by resetting profiles in control panel  • Using command prompt to update PC configurations and ping ip addresses  • Provided remote support for users experiencing remote access issues  • Assisted internal customers in a Service Desk environment and maintained a high level of customer service  • Provided first level troubleshooting of IT related issues from local software support to hardware, network access, connectivity, laptops, PCs and printers.  • Use of VWARE and Virtualization  • Accessed Citrix Xen App to remote in to reset, disconnect and log of locked computers and applications  • Provided users with tokens and passphrases with Symantec encryption server administration  • Added, deleted and unlock users with Active Directory Help Desk Analyst WellStar Health System Inc - Atlanta, GA March 2016 to July 2016 • Provided technical phone support for 7,000+ users with issues related to PC, computers, printers, software, and hardware for a 39 clinic integration into Wellstar’s infrastructure  • Fielded inbound calls (30-40 daily average) to provide support for users with issues related to login issues, Epic, Kronos payroll, and daily operations  • Use of VWARE and Virtualization  • Troubleshoot VDI access issues for users logging into the systems  • Password resets and user creation access for EPIC  • User support for issues with Kronos payroll systems  • Provided remote support for users experiencing remote access issues  • Provided first level troubleshooting of IT related issues from local software support to hardware, network access, connectivity, laptops, PCs and printers.  • Worked closely with EPIC application owners for support and documentation with any issues related to the application CSR REP/ IT Support GA Dept. of Family and Children Service November 2011 to May 2014 1. Exhibited strong ability to resolve complex departmental issues  2. Filled multiple roles when needed; IT Support, office suite  3. assistance, sending reports, working with office staff, and verification of client information  4. Maintained high Customer Service through difficult phone calls from clients    • Responsible for helping client’s register/manage accounts with the GA Department of Family and Children Services  • Helped clients maintain account information for Food Stamps and Medicaid programs for eligibility  • Took incoming calls from about 100 people a day or more depending on over time worked  • Maintained all policy and requirements pertaining to customer service and office policies  • Multi-tasked between office programs, sending reports, dealing with office staff, and verification of client’s information  • Maintained Customer Service Skills through difficult phone calls from clients Education Bachelor of Science in Commerce and Business The University of Alabama - Tuscaloosa, AL December 2008 Skills Active Directory (2 years), Mac OS X, Windows (10+ years), Helpdesk Support / IT desktop support (4 years), Networking (2 years), Data Entry (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Microsoft office (10+ years), SQL (1 year), Citrix (4 years), Excel, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Tech Support