US IT Support Manager US <span class="hl">IT</span> Support <span class="hl">Manager</span> US IT Support Manager - Brit Insurance Chicago, IL Passionate, motivated and results-focused technology professional that specializes in providing effective and  innovative technology support solutions to meet organizational needs. Possessing strong knowledge of IT Service  Management, Infrastructure and Operations, coupled with outstanding communication, listening and decision-  making skills. Identifies and improves business objectives by coordinating with multiple levels of the organization  as well as third parties enthusiastically to achieve consistent quality improvements and results. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience US IT Support Manager Brit Insurance - Chicago, IL January 2019 to Present • Lead and coordinate IT support functions for U.S, Bermuda and Toronto user base.  • Continuously identify and drive improvements and solutions in relation to various IT processes.  • Project manage and spearhead IT Transformation projects and initiatives in relation to Brit IT operations.  • Direct involvement in incidents or problems that cause service impact.  • Collaborate with various IT teams and key business stakeholders to test potential IT solutions.  • Create knowledge base articles for use by customers and technical staff.  • Create training materials to assist with rolling out new technologies.  • Analyze ticket metrics and lead changes to reduce ticket volume.  • Streamline and refine internal processes to increase efficiency.  • Manage vendor relationships and decrease IT expenditures by establishing standardization and contract negotiation IT Business Support Technician Brit Insurance - Chicago, IL July 2016 to January 2019 • Supported US, Bermuda and Toronto staff that encountered complex defects or impediments with IT systems.  • Lead and coordinated IT infrastructure builds for new sites and upgrades for all North American Brit Sites.  • Coordinated between various parties, including off shore Service Desk, group IT in London, third party  vendors and local Brit employees on an ongoing basis as project specific/overall scope of continual improvements in line with ITIL processes.  • Tracked, troubleshoot and expedited incidents and work requests logged by North American staff, oftentimes  elevating the issue to the appropriate party offshore in line with core ITIL framework.  • Coordinated and participated in system and server upgrades and other general maintenance tasks.  • Responsible for asset management and replenishment of all IT inventory.  • Provided on-boarding for technology resources and led technical training for all new hires. IT Support Specialist Janney, Elstner Associates, Inc - Northbrook, IL October 2014 to July 2016 • Maintain a working knowledge of all IT related systems; (operating systems, hardware, applications, networking, backup and security) for 22 nationwide branches.  • Provide IT training on software and hardware to new staff.  • Provide day to day assistance to users with IT related issues.  South Elmwood Avenue * Oak) 205.6214    Desktop & Server / Account Maintenance:  • Install and schedule new PC & hardware deployments.  • Imaging / software maintenance, packaging, & deployment via Microsoft SCCM.  • Patch management and hardware inventory.  • Lenovo server build, rack mount and maintenance.  • Lenovo IMM Management.  • Windows XP, 7, 10, Server 2008/2012 R2.  • Create and maintain Active Directory / Exchange user accounts.  • Branch office Cisco phone deployment / Branch office server room maintenance.  Disaster Recovery:  • Support LAN / WAN file backup and restoration; Microsoft DPM, Buffalo, Promise Technologies, CA, Arcserve D2D, backup tape rotation, branch office backups.  • Work with vendors to get replacement parts for server and related equipment.  • Data Management & archiving.  Networking / Virtualization:  • Building / maintaining virtual environments through VMware / Hyper-v  • Cisco router / switch configuration, maintenance, port management & security.  • PRTG Network monitoring Junior Server Engineer Capital One Bank Datacenter June 2014 to September 2014 • Provided technical and troubleshooting support related to server hardware and software at datacenter.  • Escalated and responded to support calls on a 24/7 basis.  • Worked with vendors to procure replacement parts for server and related equipment.  • Installed and decommissioned servers, including applying operating systems. IT Support Lead Technician Wells Fargo / TCF Bank August 2013 to March 2014 • Provided desktop support for client issues including printer setup, TCP/IP connection, software & •  • hardware installation, as well as migration.  • Performed Life Cycle Replacement through backup and restore procedures.  • Installed, cabled, configured, and tested computer infrastructure equipment. Senior Project Lead Technician DeVry Chicago July 2013 to October 2013 • Utilized Windows Server 2008 r2 in addition to installing & configuring VMware ESXI 5.1 on HP ProLiant DL580 G7 Server per client's request.  • Created, deployed, and managed 6 virtual machines using Microsoft and Linux operating systems.  • Installed & configured My SQL & Apache Servers.  • Set up VNC to enable remote access to client & individual virtual servers.  • Tested and troubleshot virtual infrastructure for connectivity to ensure complete functionality. Education Bachelor of Science degree in Network and Communications Management DeVry University - Chicago, IL October 2013 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholas-marshall-itilv3-psm-08a62520 Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master I December 2018 to Present ITIL v3 Foundation June 2018 to Present