Field Sales Representative/Sales Project Coordinator Field Sales Representative/Sales <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Business Analyst/ Project Manager Donald, OR Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Field Sales Representative/Sales Project Coordinator Sherwin-Williams - Portland, OR May 2017 to April 2019 Donald, OR 97020  ? Daily supported 20-35 simultaneous projects from inception to completion. While monitoring for improvement opportunities or escalating any issues as needed. No projects were ever left uncompleted  during tenure and no accounts were ever lost.  ? Utilized excellent verbal and written communication skills to gain new accounts, coordinate with team members to provide excellent service, resolve customer concerns, and train subordinates. Resulting in a 10% territory growth in terms of revenue in the most recent year.  ? Self-organized workloads and maintained deadlines and KPI's. Daily handled 20+ interactions with customers a day, managed 20-35 projects, met with 2-5 account prospects, logged details of day, and dealt with the unforeseen challenges and added goals requiring priority. Operations and Policy Analyst - Telecommunications Asset Manager Department of Transportation - Salem, OR August 2016 to May 2017 ? Independently worked to identify information sources for compiling and analyzing financial data, reviewing vendor agreements, and personal interviews to discover lost accounting methodology. The methodology was vital in closing out the project and preparing a final report for the Oregon Legislature successfully.  ? Used PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook daily to schedule site closeouts, create reports, conduct analysis in Excel using advanced features like Pivot Tables, which resulted in 200+ sites being closed out by deadline. The records kept in Excel and PowerPoint formed the foundation for the legislature closeout report.  ? Managed telecom warehouse and conducted all physical inventories, documented all receiving and shipping of assets, implemented and maintained accurate inventory of warehouse assets in Excel which resulted in all inventory being accounted for by end of project closeout. Lead Producer TEDx Nyenrode Nyenrode Business University - Breukelen, NL January 2015 to January 2016 Operations Associate/Lead Warehouse Associate Sherwin-Williams - Eugene, OR September 2012 to September 2013 IT Analyst United States Army October 2006 to August 2011 Education Data Analytics Boot Camp in Data Analytics University of Oregon - Portland, OR August 2019 to Present Master's in International Business Administration Nyenrode Busines University - Breukelen, Netherlands August 2014 to January 2016 Bachelor's in Business Administration University of Oregon - Eugene, OR August 2012 to March 2014 Skills Microsoft Excel, Marketing, Photoshop, Communications, Management, Sales Links http://Linkedin.com/in/scottsalazar1 Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: e-4