Project Manager/Business Analyst, IT Security <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst, <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Project Manager/Business Analyst, IT Security - Jefferies via Simeio Solutions Teaneck, NJ Work Experience Project Manager/Business Analyst, IT Security Jefferies via Simeio Solutions - Jersey City, NJ July 2018 to Present • Managed build the bank initiatives on behalf of Jefferies business lines.  • Partnered with all levels of management information technology, fixed income, investment banking, and compliance to enhance their bau logistics.  • Responsible for managing 15 developers, 6 project boards, and ensure delivery on business deadlines.  • Worked closely with Compliance, external audit, and IT risk to stress test the firm's global information security policies.  • Provided statistical reports of ongoing projects to senior management and developer metrics to track performance.  • Engaged the firm's business line stakeholders to understand and synthesize business requirements to improve  operational efficiency.  • Responsible for onboarding any new applications identified by external audit as critical into the global information  security policy and control protocols.  • Developed documentation work flows to illustrate newly enhanced logistics.  • Created runbooks for operational teams to properly execute new workflows.  • Held tri-weekly scrum calls to manage project deliverables, understand development issues, and re-prioritize according  to priorities set by the different business lines. Interest Rates Derivatives, Sales Assistant, Associate Goldman Sachs - New York, NY May 2015 to April 2018 • Monitored over 400 interest rate derivatives and 25 structured trades daily ensuring client satisfaction.  • Presented client enhancement strategies to different levels of management.  • Reviewed broker and paper confirmations to ensure trade economics tie out with clients.  • Worked closely with middle office, technology, and trading to test and implement post trading workflow enhancements.  • Coordinated with KYC, legal, and Markitwire admins to ensure smooth onboarding process to meet client expectations.  • Partnered with all levels of management to provide top tier service for our client's interest rates derivatives business.  • Allocated $2 billion in notional on a daily basis on behalf clients block accounts via Goldman Sachs' front end systems.  • Handled all calls from LATAM clients and remained transparent to sales to in order to fulfill their orders.  • Supported sales and trading in all phases of post trade execution in order to deliver top tier client service.  • Held meetings with clients to understand different areas of improvement to enhance client's experience. Interest rates derivatives Trade Support, Senior Analyst BNP Paribas - New York, NY November 2013 to May 2015 • Booked trades on behalf of FX, short term, long term, inflation, structured, and volatility trading desks.  • Reviewed client recaps against sales bookings to ensure economics correctly reflected risk expectations.  • Worked closely with technology and trading to implement new post trade execution flows to improve efficiency.  • Ensured Accounts were opened in a timely manner in order to execute pending trades for clients.  • Teamed up with KYC, Legal, and Markitwire admins to setup clearing and trading relationships to execute trades on the Markitwire platform.  • Allocated $500 million in notional on a daily basis on behalf clients block accounts using BNP's Star trading platform.  • Handled all calls from LATAM clients and remained transparent to sales to in order to fulfill their orders.  • Provided reports to upper management on sales bookings done for the day. Desktop Support, Analyst BNP Paribas - New York, NY December 2010 to November 2013 • Provided Desktop support to the bank's infrastructure supporting North America.  • Delivered top tier customer service while understanding sensitivity and production impacts to the firm.  • Communicated with all IT department teams to ensure resolution of user issues in a timely fashion. Education MBA in Finance William Paterson University - Wayne, NJ May 2020 B.A. in Finance William Paterson University - Wayne, NJ December 2012