Business Development/Proposal Manager Business Development/Proposal <span class="hl">Manager</span> Dumfries, VA I aim to grow as an individual join a company where I can demonstrate my extensive knowledge of current  technologies in order to meet company goals and apply my strong work ethic, exemplary leadership, organizational skills, resourcefulness, and out of the box thinking to complete tasks assigned and fulfill my responsibilities. With almost a combined 7 years of experience in business development, IT compliance, quality assurance, and project management on the Federal, Local, & State levels; I bring many relevant skills and experience to the table with the potential for exponential success. Work Experience Business Development/Proposal Manager Creative RNP Inc - Dumfries, VA June 2012 to Present At Creative RNP, I was assigned to different team environments at several Federal agencies.  As a Business Development Analyst of Creative RNP's HQ office, I performed but was not  limited to these duties.  • Captured leads, created compliance matrixes, managed pre-proposal activities, technical writing for proposals, and pricing proposal bids with Government competitive rates.  • Sought RFPs and RFIs through FedBiz, Deltek Govwin, GSA IT Schedules, contract vehicles and set asides, and through marketing events.  • Created Teaming Agreements, NDAs, and Subcontracting agreements (workshare and pricing).  • Assisted in the development of strong pipeline of new customers and projects through direct or indirect customer contact and prospecting.  • Identified and developed strategic relationships with partners or potential customers and be proficient in all communication.  • Marketed the company and consulted with company directors to determine business, functional and technical requirements for specified projects.  • Monitored websites for potential company opportunities on a consistent basis.  • Assisted with the forecasting of opportunities in the future by cross referencing potential opportunities with potential teaming companies’ past performances. IT Project Coordinator Creative RNP Inc November 2015 to April 2019 As an IT Project Coordinator of Creative RNP Inc. and under the HEP/CAMP contract I  performed but was not limited to these duties.  • Completed and submitted all updated Certification & Accreditation (C&A) security documentation for IT compliance.  • Quality checked administrative assistant's tasks and reported all quality assurance to Project Director.  • Facilitated Monthly Progress meetings with company and Department staff and submitted Meeting Minutes and Monthly Progress Reports.  • Served as assistant to Project Director and quality checked all deliverables from Project team before submitting to the customer.  • Managed all traveler reimbursements and payments and Invoiced the Government.  • Processed Hours and Payroll for all Employees and Contractors. Contract Analyst Department of State December 2015 to April 2018 As a Contract Administrator of Creative RNP Inc. and under the MAXIMO FMS contract I  performed but was not limited to these duties.  • Managed and processed software license renewal quotes between different vendors for IBM Maximo, a Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) Software and provided the lowest quote to the Department.  • Completed all contract renewal forms during re-award periods of contract.  • Invoiced the Fixed-Priced Invoices on a monthly basis.  • Managed all Help Desk inquiries about the MAXIMO COTS product and facilitated support from vendor's customer service IT Lead/Developer Creative RNP Inc May 2015 to October 2017 As an IT Lead/Developer of Creative RNP Inc. and under the HEP/CAMP contract I  performed but was not limited to these duties.  • Being the technical liaison between the project director, company technology team, subcontractor's technology team.  • Updated Security Documentation that was required by the Government in order to meet quality assurance.  • Solving existing database, functionality, and interface issues of government website.  • Assessing the Government's existing IT infrastructure for cloud hosting, database, and website and providing an upgrade plan to migrate and update all aspects of it.  • Migrated Government databases to FEDRAMP compliant cloud hosting infrastructure.  • Updated version of Expression Engine and maximized code efficiency and storage.  • Created new webpages and populated with Government provided content and document uploads.  • Developed Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) in regards to website use for knowledge transfer. Education New York Institute of Technology - Old Westbury, NY September 2011 to May 2015 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Adobe Dreamweaver (10+ years), Adobe Acrobat (10+ years), HTML 5 (8 years), CMS (6 years), Javascript (6 years), Photoshop (10+ years), SQL, access, MS Office, Business Intelligence, Excel, Powerpoint