CW SCRUM MASTER & PROGRAM MANAGER CW SCRUM MASTER &amp; PROGRAM <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> CW SCRUM MASTER & PROGRAM MANAGER - NIKE, Inc Hillsboro, OR Work Experience CW SCRUM MASTER & PROGRAM MANAGER NIKE, Inc September 2018 to Present Optimized line planning and management groups using VersionOne software and Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) to design data governance system and compliance management  ? Led 6 teams of engineers, and portfolio and program directors in compliance and normalization efforts for better communication between onshore and offshore teams  ? Generated 8+ KPIs by directing data clean-up and governance, as well as creating agile environment setup consistent with SAFe methodologies to enhance communication, as well as align cadence and guidelines for evaluating work flows  ? Addressed user issue problems, maintained requests, and improved troubleshooting as software administrator  ? Controlled enhancements and production support over quarterly system, while determining planned work and logging unplanned work for 7 proprietary tools  ? Built continuous improvement and achieved company goals by establishing key performance indicators and reporting metrics for 8-10 person agile teams  ? Managed personnel, operations and team dynamics by utilizing soft skills such as relationship building, team operational management, top talent acquisition strategies and team member replacement plans  ? Prioritized, managed and resolved 55+ production-support and business escalations per month  ? Managed Automation team (RPA), automating manual processes for cost saving efficiencies.  ? Lead Project team with Cloud Conversion and migrations OWNER & EXECUTIVE CONSULTANT DCS Inc - Goleta, CA 2010 to Present CONTRACTUAL HIGHLIGHTS: PROGRAM LEADER, EUC MDS GLOBAL CYBERSECURITY GROUP July 2017 to February 2018 Dell & EMC    ? Built out cyber security services portfolio with agile devOps. Launched 14 cyber security service products in 70 countries on budget and on time by expanding tiered service offerings for companies with varied levels of service and complexity needs  ? Tracked service performance in 4 global regions: Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, and North America  ? Set up and maintained training for Dell sales teams of 350+ globally  ? Ensured on-time services deliveries, contracts were up-to-date, mitigated roadblocks and managed third-party relationships for strategic initiatives  ? Worked under National Institute of Standards and Technology principles (NIST) and government contract management guidelines IT PROJECT MANAGER Deckers Brands June 2016 to June 2017 Built out Stabilized EBS system for multi-brand use by building out 3+ Agile teams and backlogs, and transitioning team leadership to full time personnel. Ensured system adaptation by reviewing current procedure and recommending necessary changes  ? Improved key performance indicators and analytical capabilities for Analytics Continuous Improvement Project ($3.5 Million per annum project) by quantifying and reducing research and development costs, as well as determining revenue streams over time  ? Eliminated $500K+ in monthly expenses for EMV Payment Solutions by replacing legacy credit card systems with PCI compliant systems  ? Simplified company ordering process and streamlined user experience for B2B Solutions Project by selecting and implementing business-to-business payment and invoice solutions  ? Established in-house concessions store model within current environment for Macy's Retail Concessions Project  ? Taught agile methodologies and identified agile-eligible projects as AGILE Educator CW PROJECT MANAGER & SCRUM MASTER, Cybersecurity, Architecture, Risk & Engineering Amgen April 2016 to June 2016 Launch and support Global IS Strategy Initiative to using Agile methodologies to accelerate growth through technology and informatics with correct mix of technologies, infrastructure, security, encryption, authentications, firewalls and data management  ? Resolved roadblocks, while reporting to executive administration team, by tracking key project milestones, and facilitating weekly, quarterly and yearly forecasting meetings on 4 tracks of strategic plan CW PROJECT MANAGER, Compliance Management for Global Development Amgen July 2015 to April 2016 Supported Director of Planning and Operations to ensure compliance with established internal control procedures by auditing 20+ studies, as well as examining records, reports, operating practices, and documentation  ? Maintained compliance with FDA and European regulations by creating and adjusting project plans, tracking key project milestones, and facilitating meetings to discuss findings, variations and determine next steps for studies  ? Responsible for overall coordination, status reports and stability of work efforts, including compliance audits of 20+ studies CW ASSOCIATE PROJECT MANAGER, IS Information Security & Chief Sentential Amgen February 2015 to June 2015 Managed 1400+ global, business partners and connections to Amgen data while reporting to VP of Information of Security.  ? Saved $800,000 in monthly operating costs by identifying 117+ virtual private networks (VPNs) to be decommissioned  ? Led maintenance, revisions and enforcement of program charter, stakeholder management plan, communications plan and project schedule. Managed authentication, firewalls, encryption technologies and architecture, software and hardware lifecycle planning  ? Maximized business-to-business connections across global platform by training and advising external partners on security protocols PROJECT MANAGER Wells Fargo October 2013 to December 2013 Achieved successful merger of 2 pension management funds groups into single organization in preparation of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation audit  ? Facilitated change management to create CMDB of over 100+ validated systems, including 35+ runbooks, 50+ architectural diagrams and playbooks  ? Built team of 8+ contractors and Wells Fargo SMEs to complete detailed analysis of 30+ validated applications, and implement new process to ensure all applications comply with enterprise standards and federal regulations  ? Managed compliance and documentation auditing on applications owned by trust and pension groups  ? Set up Lifecycle management for validated systems. INFORMATION SECURITY BUSINESS ANALYST Amgen January 2012 to September 2013 Managed cleanup of file share permissions for global network of 10,500+ shares  ? Reduced vulnerability of data and storage by leading 3-Year $2.8M+ project, encompassing 65Tb of data and 16M+ files  ? Leveraged subject matter expertise to develop analysis and data models for Information Lifecycle Management and Protection Team of 15+ staff  ? Transformed audit commitment into managed service effort by maintaining configuration management database (CMDB) and working with validated systems to rollout new security strategy  ? Secured and identified opportunities to improve processes, enhance productivity, reduce redundancies and increase efficiency by continuously monitoring service operations.  ? Produced weekly status reports for executive management by using latest business intelligence tools and reporting technologies. Education MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in International Business California State University - Camarillo, CA BACHELOR OF ARTS in LEADERSHIP TRAINING Officer Candidate School - Quantico, VA Skills Product management, Authentication, Data loss prevention, Security, Sharepoint, Scrum Master, Agile Scrum, Jira, CSM Links http://linkedin.com/in/darin-siegel-2a68991a