Federal Government Account Manager - DOD/DOJ/DHS Federal Government Account <span class="hl">Manager</span> - DOD/DOJ/DHS Public Sector Sales Morganville, NJ Highly competitive, goal-oriented leader with an inviolable focus on driving results. Expert in coaching and  developing sales teams to be successful in their roles, and fill a talent pipeline to solidify the continued success of the company. Dedicated program leader with perfection in mind. Work Experience Federal Government Account Manager - DOD/DOJ/DHS Verizon Wireless - Philadelphia, PA March 2019 to Present Federal Account Manager - DOD/DOJ/DHS, 03/2019 to Current  Verizon Wireless  Reporting to the Associate Director of Public Sector Sales.  Responsible for working with national Client Partners and operations teams to increase revenue and  connections for each of the accounts. Manager - I2B - Indirect Distribution Verizon Wireless - Mount Laurel, NJ January 2017 to March 2019 Reporting to the Associate Director of SMB (multi-channel).  Responsible for creating and implementing programs that will drive business sales within the Indirect  Distribution channel in the Northeast Market.  Worked with HR, Legal, Finance, Sales and Marketing on a weekly basis.  Track and coach Account Managers, Business Territory Managers and Business Sales Managers on SalesForce (SFDC), Hubspot and other CRM activity within the channel for events, tasks and  appointments.  Present to large groups of stakeholders in multi-partner meeting to get buy-in at the executive leadership  level for program implementation.  Personally created a cross-channel lead-share program which gave management and distributors  transparency into live opportunity discovery which eventually went national.  Created scorecard systems for partners to use in order to drive revenue in retail focus metrics and KPIs.  Total trial size is 200 retail locations.  Programs implemented, along with successful management, led to an average quarterly growth of 25%+ on a YOY gross activation KPI and an average growth of over 100% in new customer accounts. Account Manager - State, Local Government - NJ/PA Verizon Wireless - Mount Laurel, NJ December 2014 to January 2017 Reported to the Senior Manager - Government Accounts NJ/PA/DE.  Responsible for maintaining embedded (existing) government and non-profit accounts, as well as hunting for new accounts in both verticals.  Responsible for a complete understanding of pre-negotiated government wireless contracts, amendments and updates to existing account handling policies.  Utilized resources from Data, Engineering, Finance, Legal and management teams to develop sales  presentations.  Managed the largest territory on the East Coast.  Maintained an average 150%+ quota attainment throughout the course of the position. IT Specialist, Technical Project Advisor Cst - Freehold, NJ April 2010 to December 2014 Reported to the owner or site manager.  Responsible for maintaining the computer network, hardware, user permissions and updates, as well as all  software being used.  Provided summaries and estimates of any technological upgrades proposed; anything from server hardware  updates, to vehicle tracking and total fleet management.  Installed any and all hardware or software necessary to keep the network and business functioning.    E  Associate of Arts: Business Administration, Management, 2019  Brookdale - Middletown, NJ Skills Sales Management (5 years), Salesforce (5 years), People Management (3 years), Sales (6 years), Training (2 years), Funnel Management (5 years), Account Management, CRM, Cold Calling, MS Office, Powerpoint, Team Building, Team Management, Coaching Awards Winner's Circle - Direct Sales Award for top direct salesperson in the market. Red Jacket Award, VIP Two-time winner, highest year-over-year growth while attaining KPIs.