Lead Developer Lead Developer Front end web developer/ system administrator - Action Sports Group Orem, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Developer Action Sports Group July 2016 to Present Expert in developing websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap  ? Joggled developing, backend ecommerce, and SEO for over 20 different websites  ? Mastered a professional understanding of Adobe Creative Suite  ? Manage Web hosting servers, domains, SSL's, and emails through Godaddy.com Front end web developer/ IT Activecare - Orem, UT November 2017 to August 2018 Successfully develop and modify websites using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap  ? Run Salesforce like a developer and administrator  ? Manage multiple projects at once  ? Scrum Master inside of a team of Developers and Operations  ? Run Agile Projects through Visual Studio TFS  ? Using Git to add all the project to TFS Marketing Manager business promotion - American Fork, UT February 2016 to July 2016 Web Marketing Manager  ? Managed a marketing team  ? Optimized websites for SEO and SEM  ? Discussed and implemented marketing strategies with elite marketing clients Consult Net Contractor Use Lynx December 2014 to February 2016 EMC2 Upgrade Engineer  ? Use Lynx commands and procedures to upgrade Files and Blocks inside of a VNX Server  ? Multi-task by emailing clients, running upgrades, and noting all the tasks that have finished  ? Learn and apply new procedures to daily upgrades Front-end Developer Business Promotion - American Fork, UT July 2014 to December 2014 Built and updated over 50 clients a month websites with HTML5 and CSS3  ? Professional understanding of CPanel, Wordpress, and Wordpress plugins  ? Skilled with Adobe Photoshop to add to the design of the client's website and logos TECH SUPPORT/ASSISTANT PROJECT MANAGER/JUNIOR SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR Prodigix inc October 2013 to May 2014 Worked as part of a team to complete client customization projects  ? Provided technical support for over 40 clients  ? Managed 3 SQL servers and 2 HVM servers  ? Customer support through phone and email Front end web developer/ junior marketing tech Marketecture inc February 2013 to October 2013 Developed websites using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript  ? Worked as a team to complete website's from start to finish  ? Gained a professional understanding of Photoshop  ? Completed SEO work on a daily basis Education AS in General Studies Brigham Young University 2018 Skills Java, HTML 5 (5 years), CSS3 (5 years), Javascript (2 years), JQuery (2 years), Wordpress (4 years), E-Commerce (3 years), C# (1 year), .NET (1 year), HTML5, PHP, Front End Links http://dudedownshift.com Additional Information I've been professionally working in the web programming industry for 5 years. My experience includes working in MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and C# . One of the things that I love most about the website industry is that it's constantly changing and because of this, I'm a fast learner so that I can always be on top of those changes.    Additional Skills & Accomplishments  ? Professional Experience with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MySQL, cPanel, Lynx and Apache Servers, PHP, jQuery, Bootstrap and other custom Grid Frameworks  ? Professionally skilled in completing web projects on a deadline (blogs, websites, E-commerce Stores, etc.)  ? Successfully managed Apache and windows servers and SQL databases to assure all website data is complete and correct.  ? Strong interpersonal and presentation skills  ? Mastered Visual Studio, Visual code, TFS, and GitHub in a team experience  ? Fluent in Spanish