Project Manager Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Lead Clearwater Beach, FL Experienced Lead Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the healthcare and (more recently) financial service industries. Skilled in Databases, Software Documentation, HTML, Visio, MS Project, and technical language translation. Familiar with hospital host systems such as EPIC, and Cerner. Strong program and project management professional with a Bachelor of Science (BS) focused in Biopsychology from Michigan State University. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Lead Citi - Tampa, FL December 2017 to Present Currently responsible for leading long-term, Global Enterprise Supply Chain initiatives under Senior VP Program Management directive, specifically Source to Pay, and Robotic Processing Automation. Accomplishing goal sets through organizing various key components to create, execute, control, report on and conclude projects by Citi Enterprise Supply Chain PMO standards as required. More specifically, creating accountability for all stakeholders involved on projects through planning, scheduling and maintaining weekly meetings, action items for follow-up; and likewise communicating all updates, findings, timelines and issues upward for Executive weekly review    Skill requirements and job duties:  Communication  • Level set expectations of project outcomes through facilitation of meetings, creating agendas and action items for all parties involved.  • Provide written documentation to appropriate team members and other leadership in the business addressing each facet of project. This includes reporting: project rollout plan, timelines, and project assignments to IT, Business or Vendor personnel.  • Establish and cultivate a rapport with vendors, leadership, and end users that is conducive to forming long term business relationships.  • Provide team support and information on strategic projects on the Project Roadmap for current year.  • Project Road-mapping: Creating a series of process documents for each Team within ESC Citi with the long-term goal of creating a knowledgebase, and a solid standardization and simplification of best practices for all projects and daily tasks.  • Develop and maintain SharePoint Dashboard, a high-level dynamic space where all ESC projects are tracked to create visibility for C-Suite.    Technical  • MS Excel, Visio, Outlook, PowerPoint to monitor, track and report to leadership multiple projects simultaneously.  • Verify deliverables are completed by acquiring final executive sign off on projects from Business Leadership.  • Provide advanced problem solving, troubleshooting and system consultation as needed for business.  • Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.  • Recommended network security standards to management while working on multiple IT Security and Compliance initiatives.  • Manage multiple Go-Lives of Third-Party Management Software as new releases become available.  • Continuity of Business - Managing DR data center failover testing and reverting back during proper change control windows.    Administrative  • Higher to lower level understanding of the established Project Management process.  • Approach project coordination process using a hybrid of both Waterfall /Agile methodologies.  • BA documents required to develop throughout the lifecycle of a Project including Service Requirements Documents, Statements of Work, Workflow diagrams, User Test cases and User Acceptance documents.  • Develop workflow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with business requirements.  • Prioritize and manage multiple complex projects within time, technical and resource constraints.  • Complete Weekly Updates on all ongoing projects in Citi through standing meetings.  • Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements. Engineering IT Project Coordinator/ Manager Laser Spine Institute - Tampa, FL December 2016 to August 2017 Responsible for driving IT, Business and Enterprise initiatives forward under leadership directive. Act as an interdepartmental liaison between IT, and the business, including C-Suite executives. Creating accountability for all parties involved in ongoing projects by creating agendas, scheduling and maintaining weekly meetings, taking meeting notes, and creating action items to follow up on. Meet and coordinate with vendor sales engineers, account reps, PMs etc. and organize various key components needed to execute, control, report on and conclude projects for LSI.    Skill requirements and job duties:  Communication  • Create expectations of project outcomes by facilitating meetings, creating meeting agendas and action items for all parties involved.  • Scheduling, coordinating, and maintaining weekly/monthly team meetings within IT.  • Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and data sharing.  • Provide written documentation to appropriate team members and other leadership in the business addressing each facet of project. This includes reporting: project rollout plan, timelines, and project assignments to IT, Business or Vendor personnel.  • Establish and cultivate a rapport with vendors, leadership, and end users that is conducive to forming long term business relationships.  • Provide team support and information on strategic projects as assigned.  • Setting project goal expectations, by working with the Sr. Director and VP of IT to accurately forecast Go Live schedule, evaluate resource needs for all IT and Collaborative Projects.  • Maintain continuous communication with various stakeholders throughout the entire process.  • IT Project Road-mapping: Creating a series of process documents for each Team within IT with the long term goal of creating an IT Knowledgebase, and a solid standardization of best practices for all projects and daily tasks.  • Maintain, update and drive IT Dashboard, a high-level living document where all IT projects are tracked to create visibility of IT projects for C-Suite.    Technical  • MS Excel, Visio, Outlook to monitor, track and report to leadership multiple projects simultaneously.  • Verify deliverables are completed by documenting final executive sign off on projects from Business Leadership.  • Assist team members on strategic projects, best practices and end user education.  • Create training documents, and author enterprise announcements on the use of products as outcomes of IT projects.  • Provide advanced problem solving, troubleshooting and system consultation as needed for business.  • Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.  • Recommended network security standards to management while working on multiple IT Security and Compliance initiatives.  • Advocated for end-users to perform testing and report on all outcomes for server, desktop and IT infrastructure work.  • Design interim "IVR" customer facing phone tree.  • Coordinate and execute MPLS circuit upgrades/ Go-Lives at multiple sites.  • Coordinate and execute SIP trunk migration /Go-Live  Administrative  • Higher to lower level understanding of the established Project Management process.  • Approach project coordination process using a hybrid of both Waterfall /Agile methodologies.  • Developed workflow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with business requirements.  • Prioritize and manage multiple complex projects within time, technical and resource constraints.  • Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.  • Complete Weekly Updates on all ongoing projects in IT through standing meetings.  • Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.    CareFusion - San Diego, CA April 2014- November 2016 Sr. Implementation Analyst CAREFUSION BD April 2014 to November 2016 Responsible for overseeing and guiding the Implementation Process onsite from contract acquisition through Go-Live support.    Skill requirements and job duties:    Communication  • Conduct customer meetings.  • Provide written documentation to appropriate team members and customer addressing each facet of implementation for every project. This includes an overall project rollout plan, timelines, and project assignments to the client and customer personnel.  • Provide consultation on new and existing products to customer.  • Establish and nurture rapport with customers that is conducive to establishing long term business relationships.  • Provide team support and product information on strategic products as assigned.  • Work closely with the Sr. Project Manager and the Customer to accurately forecast Go Live schedule and evaluate resource needs.  • Maintain continuous communication with various stakeholders throughout the entire process.    Technical  • Utilize SalesForce CRM to monitor and track multiple accounts daily.  • Utilize SAP ECC to verify deliverables are completed daily and to closeout contracts for final disbursement of funds.  • Mentor team members on strategic products, best practices and customer education.  • Complete training and develop competency in a minimum of three core product lines.  • Conduct client training and presentations on the use of products.  • Provide advanced problem solving, troubleshooting and system consultation as needed for client.  • Manage new and existing accounts.  • Install and support and perform hardware and software.    Administrative  • Higher to lower level understanding of the established Project Management process.  • Approach product implementation process using a hybrid of both Waterfall /Agile methodologies.  • BA documents required to develop throughout the lifecycle of an Implementation Project included Service Requirements Documents, Workflow diagrams, User Test cases and User Acceptance documents.  • Prioritize and manage multiple complex projects within time, technical and resource constraints.  • Coordinate client resources and delegate project tasks.  • Complete weekly logs, expense reports, project plans, etc. Project Lead / Configuration Specialist Agate Software - Okemos, MI April 2013 to April 2014 Skill requirements and job duties:    • Project Lead and acting Business Analyst for all 21 loan repayment and scholarship programs within California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development.  • Gathering, developing, and maintaining business requirements for multiple accounts from preliminary stages to final implementation.  • Coordinating the capture of requirements, perform current state analysis and develop scope statement based on analysis.  • Created Project Plans using MS Project. Created new workflows using Visio  • Creating Functional Specifications using SRS documentation developed using business requirements.  • Ensuring requirements meet standards through adhering to SRS documentation.  • Assisting in the development of test case procedures, and test cases to meet client acceptance criteria.  • Supporting clients throughout full SDLC of agreement.  • Performing functional testing to ensure the system is built to specifications.  • Assisting in maintenance and support of system as needed.  • Assisting in the development of project plans, progress reports, and presentations.  • Assisting in establishing and, if necessary, performing end user training.  • Responsible for configuring IntelliGrants (proprietary COTS web-based grants management software) to meet client specific needs and the creation of PDF forms for multiple accounts. EPIC Migration Analyst (short term contract) Sparrow Health Systems - Lansing, MI October 2012 to December 2012 • Helped facilitate the migration to the EMR system: EPIC when 5 hospitals went live on Dec. 1st.  • Provided phone Technical Support while utilizing SCCM remote connections console.  • Solved a range of issues: hardware, software, connectivity and networking, while adhering to Sparrow's time sensitive metrics and exceptional customer service standards.  • Updated Sparrow's IT knowledge base: "Sparrowpedia," to optimize office workflow productivity.  • Utilized SharePoint /Altiris /SOS to escalate tickets and manage all customer issues. Education Bachelor of Science in Psychology in Psychology Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI Skills MICROSOFT PROJECT (1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (1 year), SAP (2 years), SharePoint (1 year), Visio (2 years), PM, Waterfall, SDLC Additional Information Technical Skills    • Strong general troubleshooting and problem-solving skills  • Excellent communication and analytical skills  • Website and portal monitoring  • Technical specifications creation  • Experience with SAP, SharePoint, Salesforce, MS Office, Visio and MS Project.  • Familiar with GUI, and back end interfacing with EHR Systems: EPIC, Cerner, and Siemens.    • Familiar with tunneling and screen sharing tools: Checkpoint WebEx, Axeda, VPN, NetMeeting, Remote DT Connect, GoTo Meeting, and Meeting Burner.  • Proficient in troubleshooting software and networking issues on most platforms: Windows, Linux (Red Hat Fedora, Ubuntu) and MAC OS.