Epic Consultant Epic Consultant Epic EMR Analyst New York, NY With over 7 years of experience in Technical Support and  Network Administration roles as a contractor I'm seeking a permanent position Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Epic Consultant Momentum Staffing Group - New York, NY March 2019 to Present Epic Print Mapping    Configuring and printing for all workstations within a hospital and ambulatory facility    Technical Dress Rehearsal (TDR)    Coordinates, tests, and triages break/fixes among workstations, printers, status boards, paper scanners, barcode scanners and faxing from Epic    Business Continuity Access (BCA)    Coordinating deployment and testing of BCA PCs in large hospital and ambulatory care settings with hundreds of BCA PCs Project Analyst IMAC Coordinator Morgan Stanley December 2018 to Present • Serve as a resource to support staff and help identify items that need escalation  • Act as a liaison between the complex branches and service departments  • Assist with delegated report portal items by management. Learn and understand specific reports and action that must be taken.  • Monitor and respond to service portal requests  • Schedule and supervise day to day IMAC transactions  • Delegate daily work to IMAC technicians and act as their primary point of escalation  • Conduct weekly planning and scheduling meetings  • Improve department efficiencies through tool enhancements  • Act as point of contact and escalation point for clients, including end users, service managers, administrators, and office managers, and client’s IMAC management team  • Perform project coordination of equipment moves and upgrades  • Responsible for operational delivery and management of client expectations  • Ensure compliance with all service level agreements and objectives  • Design and document all IMAC processes, and regularly reviewed and revised procedures and tools to implement efficiencies   Desktop Support Analyst, Revlon CA Service Desk July 2018 to Present Perform Active Directory administration and PC/Mac configuration concerning 200+ users  ? Provide helpdesk (CA Service Desk/ServiceNow) and end user support including executive clients  ? Perform Asset recovery management for older PCs/Macs and Imaging for new PCs  ? Install and configure software for users SAP GUI, Office 365, AC Nielsen, and other databases  ? Provide onsite AV support for projectors and TV's throughout headquarters.  • Installed Cisco Phones and troubleshoot issues with Cisco Conference Room Configurations Meeting Room IT Specialist PricewaterhouseCoopers April 2018 to July 2018 Greeted clients and updated meeting reservation system  ? Troubleshoot AV and IT needs for conferences rooms on over 35 floors  ? Trained 20+ meeting room specialists on how to operate conference room technology and Google Suite meeting software Tech Support/Office Manager Veracity Real Estate Development October 2015 to July 2017 Communicated and troubleshoot technical problems with PCs and Macs as desktop support  ? Implemented and maintained exchange, file, print and VOIP servers  ? Organized office operations and procedures for property management team  ? Contributed to the development of the management team Field Service Technician Energy Management Control Corporation February 2014 to November 2014 Inspected HVAC components for accurate installation  ? Performed scheduled preventive maintenance tasks to ensure compliance to safety and efficiency standards with 25 companies involved in installing or maintaining equipment  ? Installed building maintenance system using Andover and Microsoft SQL software at various  worksites Computer Network Administrator Watchtower & Bible Tract Society May 2011 to June 2013 Practiced network asset management, including maintenance of network component inventory  and related documentation server space allotments and technical specifications information  ? Worked with management to determine resource requirements, budgeted, and evaluated end  user needs and recommended appropriate equipment and software configurations  ? Assisted with the acquisition and directed the installation of new $50,000 worth of network  hardware, PC computer, hardware and software systems  ? Provided personal training and helpdesk support during software deployment  ? Ensured network and personnel are in compliance with all operating system licenses for servers  and desktop PC's to ensure the legality of usage  ? Researched, configured and installed personal computer software packages, software upgrades,  PC Support, emulation, and internal/external modems Education A.A.S. in Electrical Engineering Technology in Electrical Engineering Technology Technical Careers Institute June 2008 Skills SQL (Less than 1 year), EXCHANGE (1 year), JAVA, MAC (Less than 1 year), MAC OS, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Ticketing, LAN Additional Information TECH SKILLS: Office 365, Exchange, Windows 10, Mac OS, SQL, Java