System Analyst System Analyst Saint Louis Park, MN Creative systems analyst with a background in project management and product development. At G2Planet, led product development on 4 new product features within 1 year, all which became part of standard product. Accustomed to working with senior level management. Polished customer interaction. Proven success identifying root causes and targeting improvement areas. Work Experience System Analyst G2Planet - Minneapolis, MN January 2019 to Present Led a team responsible for translating detailed technical application specifications into functional and nonfunctional business requirements. Authored multiple user stories and collaborated with project management and product development teams to provide solutions for new business features and product change requests.  • Designed and implemented a presentation management tool, an on-site deployment tool which distributes speaker presentations to session rooms. Collaborated directly with Sales and Account Management to analyze product costs to guarantee profitability.  • Event technology architect responsible for overseeing technical definition and implementation for a personal care products client event with over 15,000 attendees and 6 different languages. Successfully presented MVP within 4 weeks; lauded by superiors as "benchmark". Technical Support Specialist G2Planet - Minneapolis, MN January 2018 to January 2019 Responsible for on-site implementations, troubleshooting defects, and any support issues that arise post-launch. Managed the development and deployment of new Raspberry Pi session scanners. Assisted the CTO with the research, development, and deployment of long-range scanning technologies. Provided analysis and documentation of client requirements, authored engineering tickets, and followed them through the configuration process.  • Point-man responsible for overseeing multiple integrations for a major cloud provider's event. Expert navigation through challenging requirements and expert communication with teams overseas in the UK and India provided on-time delivery of presentations for content rooms and an On-Demand Library for the 16,000 plus attendees.  • Led the strategic initiative to redesign an innovative import software for a Citrix event which allowed for mass imports of attendee, sponsor, and speaker data to the system. The success of this tool led to its implementation to all client events, becoming part of the standard product. Project Management and Business Technology Intern YMCA of the Greater Twin Cities - Minneapolis, MN June 2017 to December 2017 Provided internal technical support for employees at 44 YMCA locations. Analyzed and resolved issues in a timely manner. Documented in detail all work done, gathered any information required for additional troubleshooting, and escalated issues to a higher tier group when all known steps have been exhausted. Managed special projects as defined by Business Technology leadership. Collaborated with all levels of the organization on project schedules, risks, and issues.  • Coordinated the transition of System Center Service Manager 2012 to ServiceNow ITSM. This involved effective communication to all stakeholders, developing a credible training program for YMCA staff to navigate new software, and ensuring all aspects of the implementation were completed within the requirements and set delivery date.  • Implementing knowledge of cyber security and Windows 10 versions, spearheaded a project to bring 152 out-of-compliance computers into security compliance. Involved cross-team coordination, reporting weekly project progress to the VP of Business Technology, and devising scheduled upgrades for future deployments. IT Intern United Properties - Minneapolis, MN November 2016 to June 2017 Performed IT support related activities on issues regarding the use of computer hardware, software, telephony, and wireless communication devices. Developed training material and procedures to train users on proper use of hardware. Conducted research and provided recommendations on the latest business intelligence software. This led to to the implementation of Tableau software for Financial Analysts.  • Successfully coordinated the operation system upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 10 for the entire organization. Involved migrating computers from an old domain to a new domain with no errors and zero impact to existing business critical applications.  • Developed and maintained a new SharePoint site for the senior living management department. Created sites, built custom workflows, and managed permissions and content as requested. This led to superior file sharing, supervision, and administration for the department. Data Entry Specialist - Tier II Stanley Security Solutions - Plymouth, MN October 2014 to June 2016 Provided excellent customer service while answering a high volume of inbound customer calls. Maintained high security standards to ensure customer data remained safe. Assisted on-site security technicians by providing technical guidance and support both during and after security system installations.  • Within six months of employment, promoted to Tier II specialist and held a dual role of data entry specialist and RAM specialist which involved programming security panels remotely for technicians on-site.  • Earned multiple Employee of the Month awards for superb performance and customer service. Junior Project Manager HomeStar Property Solutions - Maple Grove, MN July 2012 to March 2014 Directed construction and preservation contractors across the United States. Responsible for cost, schedule, and performance of all contractor activities related to specific client portfolios. Guided and directed third-party inspectors throughout project construction, commissioning, and closeout. Negotiated bids with contractors and clients. Delivered frequent progress reports to stakeholders.  • Property preservation department lacked ownership of preservation sites leading to poor maintenance of properties. Implemented zone managers for specific regions of the United States. This led to better ownership and care of each property. This superb effort led to selection as a junior project manager.  • Averaged 21% profit on contractor bids consistently over a 7-month period through excellent negotiation. Recognized by leadership for performance and operational improvements. Telecommunications Technician Granted Peace Services - Minneapolis, MN July 2011 to November 2011 Monitored life cycle service requests, new system installations, and system upgrades. Documented resolutions and identified patterns of failures. Communicated any unresolved issues to senior management. Maintained Cisco switches and servers, Windows operating systems, and various telecommunication systems.  • As a technical expert, created test documentation and work instruction on operation of communication systems for subordinate technicians.  • Planned and directed POS system installation for over 30 commercial properties for one of the top five department stores in the United States. Ensured all aspects of effort were completed within performance requirements. Education Bachelor's in Internet and Web Development Arizona State University-Polytechnic 2019 to Present Associate in Software Development Minneapolis Community and Technical College - Minneapolis, MN 2016 to 2018 Skills Product Development (1 year), Python (3 years), Project Management (3 years), Use Cases (1 year), SQL (2 years), Web Development (3 years), Requirements Analysis (1 year), Software Development (3 years), Strategic Planning (2 years), Git (2 years), Integration (2 years) Links https://github.com/Dreyke Groups Phi Theta Kappa September 2018 to Present