IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Mission Hospital Clyde, NC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Mission Hospital - Asheville, NC June 2016 to Present • Facilitate the definition of project charter, scope, goals and deliverables and define project tasks and resource requirements.  • Manage and coordinate all aspects of the Infor Benefits implementation for Mission Hospital.  • Forecast and track project budget requirements including labor expenses, on a regular basis.  • Reputation as a resourceful team player working with integrity and professionalism to earn respect, inspire cooperation, and exceed business expectations.  • Effectively maintain and utilities current knowledge of health care issues and operational initiatives.  • Create and present reports defining project progress, budget, problems and solutions. IT Project Coordinator Mission Hospital - Asheville, NC May 2016 to June 2016 • Identify, track and resolve issues across multiple business units, processes, product lines and the vendor.  • Effectively maintained proper documentation to manage project changes and interventions to achieve project outputs.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills with high attention to detail.  • Ability to work on numerous aspects of project as directed and can work independently even through project directional shifts or ambiguity.  • Strong ability to maintain strong relationships with project stakeholders which includes team members, peers, managers, vendors, executives, customers, and other affected project areas. Associate Project Manager Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company - Omaha, NE January 2014 to May 2016 • Consistently deliver complex-large scale projects on time and within budget.  • Managed project timelines in both agile and waterfall methodologies, to meet the requirements of the project and resources.  • Supervise project team and hold team accountable to project timeline and estimates.  • Conduct project evaluations, assessments, and measurement of risk.  • Minimize project's exposure and risks, by developing mitigation plans and requirements Business Systems Analyst Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company - Omaha, NE September 2013 to January 2014 • Strong interpersonal skills, highly adept at diplomatically facilitating discussions and negotiations with key stakeholders (Brand, Sales, Product, Underwriting, HR, external vendors, and sales force) and members of the IT team to design, implement, and test new business processes. As well as identify and resolve any issues with current systems.  • Extensive experience with clarifying business requirements, performing gap analysis between goals and existing procedures/skill sets, and designing process and system improvements to increase productivity and reduce costs.  • Familiar with testing tools to design and develop test plans and test scripts and good at quickly learning technologies and systems that are organization/ project specific. Complete 5+ levels of testing including: functional, regression, user acceptance, integration and performance to verify the customer's needs are met.  • Recognized project management skills, consistently deliver complex-large scale projects on time and within budget.    Notable Projects include:    * Mission Benefit's enrollment system implementation (GHR)  * Mission Health Infor XM implementation.  * Integrating a new mobile application from creation to deployment  * Creating External Vendor application  * Multiple policy output and application updates for state regulation requirements  * Addition of 2 new Medicare Supplement plans  * Companywide PCI changes amongst numerous interfaces  * Medicare Supplement Company changes in states  * Revamp entire Producer portal Education Masters of Business Administration in Leadership Capella University June 2015 to Present Bachelors of Science in Biochemistry University of Nebraska - Lincoln, NE May 2013