Senior Technical Product Owner Senior Technical Product Owner Senior Technical Product Owner - PREMIER, INC Austin, TX Accomplished Senior Product Owner and Project Manager with 9+ years of experience specializing in web development, resource management, process creation, client relations, and risk mitigation. Professional, efficient, flexible with proven analytical skills. Practiced in leading projects, identifying requirements, performing gap analysis, and designing process improvements to increase productivity and reduce cost. Advanced technical skills with the ability to translate complex technical jargon to complete and straightforward business objectives. Skilled in Scrum, SAFe, Kanban, DevOps, Lean Project Management, and User Experience. Work Experience Senior Technical Product Owner PREMIER, INC - Charlotte, NC February 2018 to Present Overseeing an average of $150,000 of labor expense per sprint across four engineering teams  ? Leveraging MicroStrategy platform and data science to build a greenfield customer focused operations platform that helps clients view and export near-real time data and reports from a dashboard-based user experience  ? Developing the product roadmap and project plans for information technology projects including project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing.  ? Following Agile Methodologies to plan feature prioritization while documenting user stories with acceptance criteria that translate contractual, strategic, and tactical business needs into functional requirements  ? Established a new streamlined UAT process and full integration and regression testing guidelines that has reduced production code defect rates by 25% Senior IT Project Manager/Product Manager AVIDXCHANGE - Charlotte, NC October 2017 to February 2018 Successful delivery of a $300 MM funded project to support integration with multiple banking partners and payment processors as a payment automation partner  ? Presented project status and risks in weekly steering and governance committee with C-Suite  ? Acting Product Manager for two Salesforce platforms that were the primary internal tools for 300+ internal users to track and execute vendor payments  ? Managed contracts and resource planning for third-party consultant partners during project execution CONSULTANT MICHELIN NORTH AMERICA - Greenville, SC April 2017 to October 2017 Led requirement gathering sessions with internal and external stakeholders and managed SDLC framework in an Agile development environment  ? Created and utilized interactive wireframes and prototypes to accelerate the speed and accuracy of gathering requirements and functional specifications  ? Created Process and Feature Documentation for internal sales and field employees to assist in customer success  ? Served as SME for 'On Call' next generation platform that will service existing customer base as well as provide a new source of revenue as a standalone product Product Owner - E-Commerce underarmour.com - Baltimore, MD May 2015 to May 2017 Partnered with other product professionals to create the Under Armour custom footwear project (Icon©) that was a 2018 Webby Honoree for Best User Interface as well as the subscription-based offering (Armourbox©) that added provided an additional revenue stream of over 10MM in the first 12 months  ? Led Enterprise Software Engineering teams through the successful conversion of underarmour.com from monolithic to microservices to reduce complexity and enable a continuous path of delivery through daily deployments to our production website  ? Led Enterprise Software Engineering teams through a complete redesign and rewrite of all internal greenfield custom merchandising tools to help merchants track sales, stock, and visual placement of merchandise of UA.com as well as the content highlighting key products  ? Created and maintained Agile artifacts and facilitated Agile ceremonies for several software engineering teams as well as served in the Center of Excellence for Agile Practices Business Analyst / Project Manager - Custom Software Development SKYLINE TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS - Baltimore, MD October 2014 to May 2015 Led projects for small to large scale clients in need of custom websites or mobile applications  ? Scrum Master over all Agile ceremonies  ? Worked with engineering and UI/UX teammates to provide project estimates to external clients  ? Worked directly with internal and external clients to gather and document requirements and design asks Business Systems Analyst GLOBAL LENDING SERVICES - Greenville, SC December 2013 to October 2014 Business Analyst SPARTAN FINANCIAL PARTNERS - Spartanburg, SC January 2012 to October 2014 Financial Services Representative SUNTRUST BANK - Spartanburg, SC May 2010 to January 2012 Education University of South Carolina Upstate - Spartanburg, SC Skills Data Migration (3 years), Documentation (9 years), ETL (3 years), JIRA (8 years), Project Management (6 years), Rally (2 years), user experience (5 years), Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, Scrum, Kanban, Strategic Planning (6 years) Certifications/Licenses Certified SAFe Agilist