IT Help Desk Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Help Desk <span class="hl">Manager</span> Mansfield, OH My long-term goal is to further my education and pursue a career in Computer Information Technology. While currently gaining work ethics and experience seeking to maintain full-time year-round employment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Help Desk Manager Ashland University - Ashland, OH April 2019 to Present -Responsible for managing our front desk at the Office of Information Technology center.  -Responsible for the recruiting, interviewing, hiring candidates, and training of technical support assistants at the Tech Support Center.  -Reporting to and working along side the Director of Information Technology to manage the technical support services provided for our Universities main campus as well as our satellite campuses.  -Responsible for managing all service ticket documentation, as well as knowledge base repositories to ensure they are up to date and deployed at the appropriate time.  -Fosters relationships with all other departments and their Faculty/Staff to ensure quality assurance and create process improvements. Help Desk Technician Ashland University - Ashland, OH September 2018 to April 2019 -Manages team of Technical Support Assistants and Shift leaders ensuring daily operations and delivery of world class customer support experience to our Main campus as well as Satellite campuses.  -Provides technical support services for our Faculty/Staff Dell equipment as well as our student computers ranging from: Hardware support, Software support, Network support, Email support, event set-ups, product replacement, clean-up, etc.  -Manages the following operations: Time reports, Training(s), Meetings, Ticket reporting, Quality, etc.  -Collaborates with other teams within the Office of Information Technology: Audio/Visual, Client support, Colleague Administrative Group, Academic Technology, etc.) to develop process improvements, and ensure clients are getting the appropriate technical assistance they need.  -Collaborates with Help Desk Director to develop process improvements, updates to training material, updates to Knowledge base articles, and ensure this is communicated to the appropriate audience when updates go live.  -Ensure we provide first call resolution to our inbound clients who call in or visit the front window.  -Ensure we follow-up with our clients for any escalated issues or any other scheduled ticket request via outbound calls. Senior Advisor Florida blue - Jacksonville, FL April 2017 to September 2018 -Promoted from Contractor to Subject Matter Expert to Senior Advisor.  -Senior Advisor for a team of 20+ Service Advocates  -Perform daily inventory reporting  -Assisting team with meeting their monthly stats / goals.  -Facilitating meetings / trainings  -Back-up Supervisor  -Frequently coordinate with leadership, analyst, and other business partners to execute resolution.  -Experience working with Member Contact Centers, Retail Centers, Claims, Medicare / Medicaid, Escalations, Providers, Sales Centers. Service Advocate IV Florida Blue - Jacksonville, FL July 2016 to April 2017 -Data entry technician  -Assisted with the enrollment processing of On / Off Market Individual Under 65 Health and Dental policies.  -Subject matter expert / back-up senior for department  -Trained peers, new-hires, other business partners in processing daily inventory. ATT BKO Project Representative Convergys - Jacksonville, FL January 2016 to June 2016 Responsibilities  -Assist active employees with AT&T with their account(s)  -Assist non- managers, managers, and retirees of AT&T get their employee discounts for Uverse and DirecTV  -Take Inbound and make outbound calls assisting active employees with their Uverse services: High speed Internet, Cable, Voice-over-Internet-Protocol, Landline, and Wireless.    Skills Used  -Technical Support  -Billing  -Customer Service  -Team work/assistance Technical Support Representative TeleNetwork - Jacksonville, FL May 2014 to September 2015 Responsible taking calls for ISPs (Internet Service Providers) that are assigned to me.  Making sure the customers internet is working properly and consistently, while maintaining efficient monthly stats.  Making sure the customers gets directed to the right department or 3rd party company if they have reached me for assistance in error.  Making sure if a team member is in error or in need of assistance, I am there to help/correct them, to maintain Quality Assurance.  ISPs I worked for: Fairpoint Communications, Consolidated Communications, SureWest. Youth Leader(Volunteer) Fort Caroline Christian Church June 2011 to August 2013 Assisted, the Youth Leader in their absence, conducting weekly church service.  Participated in Band leadership with various instruments in music for special events.  Hands on experience as a PC Tech in resolving computer issues in the church facility.  Acted as Children's Leader teaching youth the word through bible schooling.  Organized, and conducted events, trips, services.  Mentored/trained others to maintain the Tech while I'm absent. Youth Counselor Bridge of Northeast Florida June 2009 to August 2009 Provided on-site supervision of youth children.  Coordinated house activities while on primary coverage house meetings, chores, meals, and house cleanliness.  Maintained a secure and safe facility for all students.  Organized and conducted daily/weekly outings and structured activities for youth in care. Education Computer Information Technology Florida State College at Jacksonville February 2015 to Present Ministry Johnson University Florida August 2013 to May 2014 High School Diploma Terry Parker High School June 2009 to June 2013 Skills Help Desk (5 years), Pre-ACA Health Insurance Maitenance (2 years), Marketplace Health Insurance Maintenance (2 years), Desktop Support (5 years), Active Directory (1 year), Comptia (1 year), Service Desk (5 years), Tech Support (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/marquisepirela/ Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified April 2019 to April 2022 CompTia A+ CE Certified. Dell techdirect 1000 client foundations October 2018 to October 2019 Dell techdirect 1000 enterprise foundations October 2018 to October 2019 CCNA Routing and Switching Work in progress MCSA Work In Progress ITIL v3 Work in progress Assessments Technical Support — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/4xibe77swiktaxlw Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills:  Customer Service  Supervisor/Mentoring experience  Programs:  Citrix  Adobe  Microsoft office and other affiliates  Avaya  Call / Note Tracker systems  Chasms  Dataview  Hostopia  Microsoft Lync  Skype for Business  TestBoard  RIO  System X  OMS (Order Management system)  CRM (Customer Relationship Tool)  Q messenger  Quick Connect  Spark  Agent Answer Center  CASWeb  Workday  ADP  Paylocity  Various Downtime / Escalation / Ticket Forms