SR IT Project Manager SR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> SR IT Project Manager - Frontier Technology Inc Cibolo, TX Accomplished Project and Program Manager with an active DoD security clearance with more than 7 years of experience within large, diverse organizations. Expertise in IT Project Management devising solutions focused on the delivery of new or enhanced products to improve customer satisfaction and improve business efficiencies through the use of technology. A natural communicator, effectively liaising at all levels, with the ability to translate complex information for all audiences. An inclusive leader who takes pride in team building and mentoring staff. A critical thinker, able to analyze issues and devise innovative solutions.    Seeking a challenging position with an organization that values inclusive leadership, operational and performance excellence, professional growth and total customer satisfaction. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR IT Project Manager Frontier Technology Inc - San Antonio, TX December 2018 to Present • Lead and provide oversight of FTI Courses of Action (COA) Analysis lifecycle consisting of Requirement definition, Discovery, Configuration of Commercial-off-the-Shelf (COTS) Cloud based Platforms, Demonstration and Transition to Air Force for acquisition.  • Manage all aspects of a project, and or program, such as planning, documentation, coordination, configuration, resource management, communications and time management ensuring the end state of the project and/or business operations meets business objective(s).  • Drive execution of planned tasks, milestones, and deliverables to ensure projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget.  • Independently conduct discovery to gather and comprehend requirements, capabilities, mission needs, goals, vision, and objectives of the project.  • Compile discovery deliverables and compose high level requirements to identify project and technical requirements utilized in COA Analysis and configuration.  • Provide regular communication to product owners, executives, and senior management regarding project status, budget, risks, decisions, delivery quality, and resource-related issues using appropriate monitoring tools and techniques.  • Apply time management skills to effectively manage multiple Agile Scrum platform configuration teams with disparately located team members.  • Work independently and responsibly from home office. Spend 60-80% of time engaging team and stakeholders via phone, mail, Go To Meeting and/or Skype. In-person meetings occur with team and stakeholders as needed. Spectacle Request Transmission System (SRTS) Information Technology/Application Specialist Irving Burton Associates - San Antonio, TX September 2018 to December 2018 San Antonio, TX September 2018 - December 2018  • Provided complex CONUS and OCONUS Technical Support Services for end users.  • Maintained documentation of issues and meet Service Level Agreement Requirements for calls answered and resolve.  • Provided technical assistance and support for Workflow Management Services.  • Monitored and supported tracking of incident/service request from receipt through closure using BMC Remedy Management IT Service Management.  • Reviewed, assigned, reconciled and supported the management of tickets throughout their lifecycle.  • Coordinated with IT service providers and communicate outages and plans for recovery. Joint/Centralized Credentials Quality Assurance System (JCCQAS/CCQAS) Project Manager Irving Burton Associates - Falls Church, VA March 2016 to September 2018 Falls Church, VA March 2016 - September 2018  • Led as Scrum Master on iterative releases for sustainment of CCQAS including Road mapping, Planning Sessions, Kickoffs, Retrospectives, and Demos.  • Served as SDD Project Controller in managing multiple Agile development scrum teams of approximately 50 people: responsible for the analysis, planning, design, configuration management, development, testing, training, deployment, sustainment, and the overall success of the JCCQAS and CCQAS projects.  • Provided recommendations to SDD Program Manager and Project Officer regarding ongoing activities, tasks, schedules, resources, issues, risks, and mitigating strategies.  • Managed JCCQAS effort to integrate Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) users into the existing CCQAS application from pre-contract stage through deployment to production.  • Acted as a liaison and manage stakeholder expectations between the Veterans Administration (VA), DoD, and matrix staff to ensure continuous progress.  • Collaborated with SDD to create project budgets and provide input to life cycle cost and benefits realization. Lead preparation and analysis of cost statements, government cost estimates, performance work statements, and overall coordination of contracts and/or subcontracts.  • Managed activities of JCCQAS Project Coordinator to ensure project tasks are appropriately coordinated and executed in a timely manner.  • Relocated via the Air Force Permanent Change in Station (PCS) process. Joint/Centralized Credentials Quality Assurance System (JCCQAS/CCQAS) Project Coordinator Irving Burton Associates - Falls Church, VA August 2014 to March 2016 Falls Church, VA August 2014 - March 2016  • Served as the SDD Project Coordinator and Scrum Master for CCQAS and JCCQAS, planning and implementing project management activities including integration and management of scope, time, cost, quality, human resources, communications, risk, and procurement.  • Acted as a liaison between the Veterans Administration (VA), DoD, and matrix staff, to ensure progress, manage stakeholder expectations, ensure all parties are informed on issues, action items, and risks.  • Coordinated, tracked, and ensured vendor contracts are in compliance with requirements.  • Monitored vendor performance and schedules, participate in daily Agile activities, and review/assess all vendor contract deliverables.  • Promoted to Project Controller as noted above. Executive Assistant (EA) to High Tech Practice Principal, Indirect Channels Practice Principal ZS Associates - San Mateo, CA May 2013 to May 2014 • Provided executive assistance to 2 partners and 5 managers at a leading global consulting firm.  • Partnered directly with internal and client project managers to meet deadlines.  • Coordinated meetings/working sessions, taking minutes, tracking action items, and team schedules.  • Created and managed High-Tech practice SharePoint blog, calendar, and webpage.  • Relocated via the Air Force Permanent Change in Station (PCS) process. Executive Assistant (EA) to Vice President (VP) of Broadband Services, VP Mobile Routing Tellabs, Inc - Santa Clara, CA March 2011 to April 2013 • EA supporting 2 VP Directors, 10 Managers, and project teams at a global telecommunications company.  • Collaborated with project managers and teams to ensure success of projects.  • Submitted, tracked, and managed purchasing for all Tellabs North America.  • Department was dissolved resulting in a massive layoff. Communications Production Intern KARK 4 News - Little Rock, AR August 2010 to December 2010 Collaborated with news director, reporters, photographers, and digital graphics professionals to conduct interviews, research, write, and edit content used on live programs. Communications Intern Arkansas House of Representatives - Little Rock, AR January 2010 to August 2010 Operated 6 HD cameras, developed digital graphics, research, writing, recording, and editing video for House website. Education Bachelor of Arts in Mass Media Communication University of Arkansas - Little Rock, AR 2010 Skills Product lifecycle, Product lifecycle management, Remedy, Bmc, Ms project, Sharepoint, Visio, Jira, System management, Sap, Operations, Operations management, Documentation, Software documentation, Strategic planning, Mentor, Training, Outlook, Mac, Mac os, Information Technology, PM, Scrum Master