Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Double Arrow Bow Hunting Boston, MA • 7+ Years' experience working in Project Management, Agile (Scrum) and Business Analysis.    • Experience working with agile (Scrum) and waterfall methodologies.    • CSM, ITIL, BPM and IT PM certified and pursuing PMP.    • Experience working on multiple projects simultaneously and ability to work independently.    • Experience in process designing and modeling capabilities.    • Extensively worked on ITIL and PMP framework.    • Experience working with Developers, QA teams, Business teams and Engineers involving multiple technologies  • Experience working on tools like JIRA, ServiceNow, TFS, BMC Remedy and SharePoint.    • Acted as liaison between multiple departments and teams under PMO    • Experience working on Microsoft Office Suite and Google applications Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master Double Arrow Bow Hunting - Boston, MA December 2016 to Present for 3 teams with 2 fully onsite and 1 team partially remote. Worked with one new team to get them up to speed on agile resulting in the business gaining much more trust in that team due to consistent and reliable delivery.    * Teams utilized Jira for maintaining the backlog along with Confluence for team documentation.    * 1 team was newly formed (less than 3 months old)    * Duties consisted of: Stakeholder Management in coordination with the Product Owner, Sprint Planning and Estimation with the Team, General Agile Coaching of team and business stakeholders, metric tracking, and accessing team maturity.    * Conflict Resolution within the team and between team and business.    * Teams utilized 2 or 3 week sprints with a Kanban board for sprint/story progress. Lead project teams Business Intelli Solutions - Dallas, TX April 2016 to November 2016 Dallas, TX - April 2016 to November 2016    As a project manager and scrum master consultant was responsible for managing a range of large scale client software projects using both agile (scrum) and waterfall methodologies. Even working on Dex Media in-house project management office, reviewing the effectiveness of projects and focusing on continual improvement. This position is very deemed due to changing due to changing business circumstances and continuous change.  * Lead project teams in the delivery of projects and evolution of a product or process. Managed project resources and planned as needed to ensure on time and on budget delivery.  * Managed expectations for project delivery, and ensured that the expected technical and functional results are delivered as agreed upon. Closely worked with the project teams across the organization to ensure successful project delivery.  * Demonstrated strong proficiency with project management methodology, project risk management and project management tools for web development and mobile app development from initiation of projects.  * Developed the communication and collaboration processes that are needed for maximum effectiveness for managing the relationship and strategic business partnership with business front-line management.  * Played a key role of scrum master for team of 10 software developers and 40 cross functioning team members, leading all the agile project ceremonies.  * Developed software development roadmap and prioritized product deliveries based on customer needs.    * Built SCRUM sprint schedule based on contract timelines and lead teams for delivery quality shippable increments for each sprint.  * Identified opportunities and implemented changes to drive improvement in service while developing and maintaining project and operational reporting to demonstrate quality execution of project commitments (budget, benefits, etc.) and adherence to service level commitments.  * Worked with outside vendors in maintaining SLA and project deliverables while reporting IT PMO manager about project status and issues that may impact delivery dates or product quality.  * Assisted with the development of various project documents as directed by the IT PMO manager while tracking and managing risks, issues and changes to the project.  * Provided dashboard reporting (weekly, monthly and ad hoc reports) related to several projects.    * Coordinated with multiple teams and participated in development, testing and release management teams using TFS. Worked with several vendors in maintaining SLA as defined in SOW and have generated purchase orders for PMO.  * Track requirement status and change activity throughout the project life cycle. Responsible for reviewing all requirements and change requests to ensure they are well defined, properly traced and assessing the impact before making approval recommendation.  * Facilitating and participating in the agile (Scrum) ceremonies (daily stand-up meetings, sprint planning, task estimating and story board).  * Prepared completion certificates and ensures all required project close out documents are completed.    * Worked extensively on Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project, AEM, Microsoft SharePoint, JIRA, ServiceNow. IT Project Manager JPMorgan Chase - Plano, TX September 2014 to March 2016 The position included working in an agile environment with responsibility of making enhancements to the existing functionalities of the software and providing solutions for any complications faced by the clients as well as responsible for developing new functionalities and solutions to improve the software and to improve the overall user experience and training the support and sales team to understand the impacts on the overall software improvements. Managed activities that support the successful completion of projects including assisting with project schedules, deliverables, assignments, tasks, project meetings, status reporting, communication and action items as required.    * Coordinate teams to implement and execute new products across customer and B2B facing websites    * Write and modify business, functional and technical specifications for application design    * Coordinate communications between cross-functional teams for product release management    * Document and define product feature sets for consumption across various departments within the organization  * Documented business and client requirements for new and existing software applications.    * Facilitate executive staff meetings to report on project timelines, lifecycles, milestones, risks, and slippage.    * Gathered data required for analyzing existing, prospective and new business products.    * Used MS Project for creating project from a template and excel workbook. Setting up of calendars for defining working and non-working time.  * Created manual and auto scheduled tasks (switching) using MS Project with organizing and display of tasks. Even linked up tasks, adding lag or lead-time and setting task date constraints.  * Created resources and assigned tasks as schedule. Fine-Tuning of project schedule by using task inspector to review scheduled issued and leveling of resources while inactivating tasks.  * Tracked and managed overall project by viewing project schedule status and updating tasks as on changes required.  * Generated project reports and assisted Sr. Project Managers in team meetings and drafting project status on timely basis.  * Deliver comprehensive product and feature plans, including ROI for executive consideration    * Develop cost justification plans for resource, third party, and system integrations    * Conceptualized and advised new business ideas for vetting and planning. Framed business continuity planning process including project initiation, risk assessment, impact analysis, strategy and planning development with exercising and maintenance.  * Collaborated with various departments to identify processes, procedure, and product insufficiencies for improvement.  * Monitored and tracked activities related to application development on TFS.    * Utilize waterfall, agile (SCRUM) methodologies for project management, requirements gathering, and testing plans.  * Worked closely with multiple teams (Developers, BA, Testing, Delivery teams) in day-to-day activities and coordinated in project deliverables.  * Worked as a liaison between the business teams and technical teams to understand the business requirements. Involved in identifying KPI's and defined new processes for timely deliverables with new techniques of collaboration.    * Created business requirement documents and documented functional requirements.    * Developed training material and guides to be used to train new employees and make them understand the processes used at RCOM.  * Gathered financial data for analysis and forecasted issues related to sales, costs and budgets.    * Participated in various approval meetings with the business stakeholders and development team.    * Analyzed requirements and information to provide a logical strategic solution for end users. (AS-IS & TO-BE processes).    * Worked with Microsoft Office Suite to document and store all projects related  Documentation. Project Coordinator/ Business Consultant Slalom Consulting - Hartford, CT September 2009 to July 2014 * Managed projects from initiation to completion and worked on business continuity planning of several applications.  * Lead project teams and managed all activities in a project life-cycle (initiation, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling thru closing).  * Responsible for managing project plans, scope, resources, change requests, risks and issues to ensure that maximum business benefits are obtained.  * Operated in the emergency environment for completing tasks and resolving issues to deliver quality projects on time within budget.  * Created formal documentation and used MS Project for project scheduling, resources allocation, tracking project status, Gantt chart reports.  * Independently established goals and drive projects to successful conclusions, while mitigating risks.    * Tracked and managed project progress to the project plans; communicated project status to stakeholders.    * Took corrective action for significant project deviations    * Facilitated regular project team meetings including meeting minutes.    * Assigned the work and monitored technical personnel, including programming, providing support and interpretation of instructions.  * Experience working on Google applications - Gmail, Google Drive, Docs, Sheets and Slides for coordinating with other members of the project for making communication easily and to send alerts regarding updates and tasks.    * Used agile methodology, moving the user stories in the scale of the product backlog.    * Regulated iterations to decrease overall project cost and monitoring timely deliverables.    * Strategic planned to regulate the teamwork and to achieve result oriented performance.    * Oversaw quality of the product before final deliverable to the clients.    * Worked on budgeting and cost estimation in accordance with the timelines and availability of resources. Education Masters in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems University of Illinois - Springfield, IL Skills closing (4 years), Gantt (4 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (7 years), MS Project (7 years), user stories (4 years) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Databases: Oracle 11g, MS Access, NoSQL (MongoDB)    Operating Systems: Macintosh, Windows & UNIX platforms    Programming: C, C++, SQL, HTML5, CSS, .Net Framework    Tools: MS Office, MS Project, MS Visio, SharePoint, AEM, TFS, Primavera P6, SPSS, Jira, HP PPM, HP ALM,    Runbooks, Confluence, ServiceNow    Techniques: Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, Brainstorming, Requirements prioritization, User Stories, Flow Chart,    Gantt Charts    Competencies: Project Management, Program Management, Portfolio Management, and Business Analysis.    SKILLS    business requirements. (6 years), JIRA (6 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (7 years), MS Project (7 years), project management (7 years)    RELEVANT SKILLS    * Collected/analyzed processed data to initiate, develop and recommend best business practices and procedures with a focus on increased productivity and reduced cost.  * Researched best business practices within and outside the organization to establish benchmark data    * Developed and published regular reporting to track results and progress against goals/KPIs.    * Determined how new information technologies could support reengineering business processes.    * Analyzed business requirements and identified potential gaps.    * Organized and facilitated cross-functional projects-actively managing deployment plans from conception to closing stage within allotted the time lines to support the PMO.  * Identified and managed resources, including cross-functional members to successfully execute projects.    * Delivered presentations and analyses on project status and metrics.    * Provided data analysis and formulated results with findings to the stakeholders to let them address business scenarios and take actionable measures.  * Strong interpersonal and meeting facilitation skills, and the ability to influence others without having authority.    * Experience of project management software (MS Project), MS Office Excel/Word/PowerPoint), Visio, Adobe Acrobat.    OTHER SKILLS    * Excellent in communication with stakeholders and drive teams towards deliverables    * Excellent analytical and interaction skills with clients for daily business activity reporting    * Experience working with active Agile and Waterfall Methodologies.    * Regulated iterations to decrease overall project cost and monitored providing timely deliverables.    * Experience with strategic planning to regulate the teamwork and achieve result oriented performance.    * Experience working with teams involving content migration from legacy systems and improving content with AEM.