Intern in ITLaunch Program (Federally Grant Funded Paid Internship Program) Intern in ITLaunch Program (Federally Grant Funded Paid Internship Program) Associate Project Manager | Project Management | Process Improvement Analyst | Data Reporting Analysis | 9 years of experience Palatine, IL IT professional with nine years of diverse IT experience with excellent oral, written and verbal communication, time management, process improvement, analytical, problem solving, training, meeting facilitation, and leadership skills. Background includes working with a variety of IT systems development: developing project plan and project scope, and forecasting information. Have program management skills and experience. Can delegate tasks, resolve issues and provide direction. Skilled in Microsoft Office and Advanced Excel. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Intern in ITLaunch Program (Federally Grant Funded Paid Internship Program) TEC Services Consulting Inc. - Naperville, IL October 2015 to September 2016 • Training and studying towards achieving certificate as a Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert: Business Intelligence. Associate Live Study Manager or IT Assistant Project Manager PAREXEL International Corporation (Perceptive Informatics) - Deerfield, IL July 2012 to November 2013 • Acted as an integral member of the Client Services department.  • Provided support, action item and risk issue management, and oversight of a study throughout the project life cycle for clinical research studies on behalf of pharmaceutical sponsor companies.    • Interfaced, delegated, and collaborated with various resources across the different role levels, locally and globally, including internal staff, business clients, upper management, and external vendors and consultants, on projects and initiatives.  • Participated in study design meetings, along with the PM, BA and project team, which contributed to building solid Interactive Voice and Web Response System (IXRS) for particular client or desired study.  • Designed technical elements of system, including call flows using Visio, creating resources for system users and leading user acceptance testing to support clients in creating issue-free IXRS.  • Provided live study support activities including day-to-day client contact to troubleshoot, support clinical sites, assist with protocol amendments and resolve issues immediately or with aid of our technical teams in shortest time span as possible.  • Completed study quality controlled activities through Live Project Reviews driven by Standard Operating Procedures in accordance with FDA regulations, HIPAA, and country specific regulations so that the study can be performed with highest quality and with correct results.  • Actively monitored systems to identify system errors, potential risks and initiated action plans with relevant internal departments (globally or locally) or with the client under strict-agreed-upon timelines.  • Responsible for updates to specifications and delivery of study related documents to the client within agreed timelines often with several clients at the same time but accurately executed, reviewed and approved by a client.  • Managed the complete project amendment process and delivered these changes on time and within budget.  • Attended investigator meeting to provide training to clinical sites, pharmaceutical sponsor and other vendors to outline the IXRS.  • Mentored new hires on current system processes and provided self-prepared training material to guide them through some processes to complete day-to-day tasks.  • Provided regular updates to the Project Manager and senior management regarding the performance of live studies. Process and Project Management Analyst (PfMO) Allstate Insurance Company - Northbrook, IL May 2004 to April 2008 • Oversaw Information Technology ( IT) projects and worked as a point of contact and Liaison between three IT areas, PMs, BAs and business clients.   • Reviewed IT, PfMO and business processes, and identified obstacles or areas needing improvement; assisted in brainstorming sessions; provided prototype and automated solutions to ensure they meet the original needs; worked with business clients to understand their issues and needs.  • Provided project health tracking and status reports, project analysis and problem solutions to management.  • Demonstrated strong interpersonal, oral, verbal and written communication skills, providing supporting documentation, timely project status reporting, and keeping focus on satisfaction of internal and external customers.  • Interfaced, delegated, and collaborated with various resources across the different role levels, locally and globally, including internal staff, business clients, upper management, and external vendors and consultants, on projects and initiatives.  • Streamlined project database, which resulted in more efficient use of the management database by the IT teams.  • Assured that PfMO projects were fully understood, projects were fully planned, proper resources were allocated, projects were successfully executed, adhered to quality standards, accurate expectations were set, and that each project was completed on time and within budget.  • Analyzed, designed, and built processes, which streamlined project management methodology across three IT areas, PMs, BAs, and business clients, and improved the completion of the projects’ Project Management Life Cycle (from concept through implementation) by reducing the time and costs of each project by 30% to 50%. Database Production Analyst and Application Developer Allstate Insurance Company - Northbrook, IL June 2002 to May 2004 • Managed the building and execution of BrioQuery reports for the business client using Oracle database.  • Investigated the data found in BrioQuery reports using SQL applications and MS Excel, which helped to resolve data quality issues through cleansing, standardization, and verification processes, and hence, resulted in a measurable improvement in data accuracy and the success of marketing campaigns.  • Developed, tested, and implemented code changes to MarketSoft application that was utilized by the business client and the agencies.  • Assisted team members with research, coding, implementation, and maintenance of Secure FTP Hub and Do Not Call list download.  • Documented systematic processes for design, build, and execution of BrioQuery reports, which enabled the IT personnel and business client to administer essential data reports as needed, and hence, increased productivity by at least 50%.  • Trained business client and IT team members on BrioQuery and DfM applications. Analyst-Desktop Team and Database Production Analyst Allstate Insurance Company - Northbrook, IL March 2001 to June 2002 • Accountable for data analysis, data maintenance, data cleanliness and accuracy.  • Developed and implemented BrioQuery reports for the business client using Oracle database.   • Worked directly with IT teams, Database Administrators (DBAs) and business client to troubleshoot data discrepancies and to maintain new data in the data warehouse, which significantly reduced the time to meet deadlines for client delivery.  • Managed the building and execution of marketing campaigns for the business client using the Dialogue for Marketing (DfM) application, which presented more precise marketing channels and target markets, and substantially increased the number of new and retained clients.  • Trained IT team members and business clients in creating data reports using the BrioQuery application, and in building marketing campaigns using the DfM application, which increased productivity by at least 50%, resulted in a measurable improvement in data quality, allowed for more accurate market targets for products and program launches, and hence, increased profits for the company.  • Created an Error Logging system that increased daily productivity by 50% and increased multifaceted satisfaction by 70%. Education Computer Programming and System Design Certificate in Computer Career Program (CCP) - Computer Programming and System Design DePaul University - Chicago, IL March 1999 to October 1999 Bachelor's in Major: Political Science and English; Minor: Computer Science and Mathematics Loyola University - Chicago, IL August 1988 to January 1995 Skills TOAD (2 years), Organization and attention to details (10+ years), Analytics (9 years), Documentation (10+ years), Business Analysis (9 years), Project Management (6 years), Oral, Verbal and Written Communication skills (10+ years), Data Reporting (5 years), Process Improvement (6 years), Training (4 years), Data Management (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Powerpoint (3 years), Microsoft Access (1 year), Sharepoint (4 years), Visio (4 years), Excel (5 years), Word (10+ years), Microsoft Project (1 year), Waterfall and Agile PM methodology (5 years), Capability Maturity Model (CMM) (5 years), Project Management Life Cycle (7 years), Windows (10+ years), BrioQuery (7 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/renatasalahelton/ Certifications/Licenses Driver's License