Web Specialist Web Specialist Web Specialist - HonorHealth Phoenix, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Specialist HonorHealth - Phoenix, AZ July 2018 to Present Develop Digital strategy to grow the HonorHealth brand, increase patient volumes, and better engage with targeted audiences.     • Internal: Responsible for a new corporate website build with a budget exceeding $500,000. Target Launch Date: July 29, 2019. Responsible for managing all web development on HonorHealth.com. Engaging with key stakeholders and leading the development of requirements documentation. Formulating requirements documentation into detailed project plans and executing delivery within time, scope & cost. Educate key audiences on CMS capabilities to collectively make the site more user-centric. Drive increased conversions on the website achieving business objectives. Create and manage plans for content integration, use of multimedia, ecommerce components, and other interactive web tools. Responsible for managing all redirects and URLs.    • External: Responsible for owning the vendor relationship and single point-of-contact for development agencies, hosting companies, and other web vendors. Work with the agencies on production cycles and QA to meet deadlines and deliver projects within scope. Assist with marketing campaigns and developing calls to action.     • Lead web measurement and analytics. Develop and refine web KPIs, assist with web testing, and lead web refinements based on user testing. Developer Malo'o Racks September 2017 to July 2018 • Ownership over eCommerce platform strategy & build.   • Development - Template code customizations (Shopify), digital asset development (Marketing & Informational), integration & configuration of third party modules.  • Full participation in the process to develop a full spectrum marketing strategy. Third party firm contracted to run the campaign; specializing in crowdfunding ventures with an emphasis on social media. Project Manager & Solutions Engineer SILK Software 2016 to 2017 • Lead various eCommerce website implementation projects - bridge the gap between technical capabilities and business objectives.  • Acted simultaneously as the project manager & onsite technical lead; provided server administration, front end development, and consultation regarding eCommerce web strategy.  • Lead discovery sessions with clients to gather project requirements and establish an implementation strategy.  ? Includes, but not limited to; Facebook Advertising, Social Media Management, SEO, & PPC Strategy.  • Manage ongoing website development cycles in live & production environments.  • Coordinate an international team of developers to define project objectives, schedules, and deliverables.  • Proactively manage client communications and expectations by providing weekly progress updates.  • Identify & solve for risks that could impact the success of a project, with particular attention to project scope.  • Developed onboarding documentation and internal best practices for project execution. Director - IT / Web Technologies The Village Hat Shop 2016 to 2016 • Manage the information technology department, developed and implemented short-and long-term organizational strategies while changing the IT department's culture, mission and strategic alignment.  • Managed operations of the ecommerce platform (proprietary); ~ $5m in sales and 85,000 orders annually.  • Developed an ETL Process to streamline inventory management including overall accuracy - 4,000 SKU's.  • Implemented mobile optimization strategy for the company's ecommerce website.  • Additional responsibilities; Facebook campaigns - budget, assets & strategy, Google AdWords PPC - budget & strategy, SEO, Web Optimization including A/B & Multivariate testing, HootSuite. Developer Yapert, Inc 2013 to 2016 • Implemented various Analytics platforms, allowing for real-time mobile data visibility & customer reporting.  • Produced a one-click analytics reporting tool; tool outputs data visualizations using VB and Microsoft Excel.  • Took charge of the application's content hierarchy and visual presentation based on daily user analytics. This includes more than 5500 channels and administration of the applications core functions.  • Lead Role in Front End Development; including App store listings, third party paid advertisements, promotional contests, Yapert corporate & offshoot websites, and various marketing materials.  • Additional responsibilities; Facebook campaigns - assets & strategy, Google Adwords PPC, HubSpot. Technical Support Specialist Hosting Scene - San Diego, CA 2008 to 2012 Live / Ticket Support    • Diagnosed, troubleshot and resolved a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues. Excelled in asking probing questions and researching, analyzing, and rectifying situations. Education Master's in Healthcare Informatics Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ April 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Management Information Systems University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ 2013 Skills Photoshop (10+ years), HTML 5 (10+ years), CSS3 (10+ years), PHP (5 years), Javascript (5 years)