Project Management Consultant <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Consultant Project Management Consultant - Spectra Medix North Brunswick, NJ Work Experience Project Management Consultant Spectra Medix - East Windsor, NJ October 2017 to Present Project Management Office  ? Implemented a Help Desk software internally and externally to assist company in starting to meet SLA's  ? Delivering project on time and within scope of work; coordinating with offshore team in India to assure project work completion and handoff  ? Conduct preliminary work for SOW such as gather estimates, participate in vendor calls, make project plan, and gather resources for project team in order to commence work as soon as signature is obtained  ? Manage software implementation projects valuing over $6 million dollars  ? Create and drive project plan across delivery and implementation teams; assure strict implementation and understanding of project plan in accordance with external contracts  ? Facilitate daily huddle with both offshore and onshore team, removing any blockers the team has and coordinate any communications between internal and external project teams  ? Interact with client in order to help with client relations, answer questions regarding IT, and to assure data analytics, marketing, and business analysis are in agreement with scope of work  ? Ensure non-functional business requirements are clearly defined through a Business Requirement Document and making sure all service-level agreements are met  ? Assist in developing Statement of Work document that is directly sent to the client for contract finalization and sign-off for commencement of development  ? Complete resource utilization charts, calculate resource availability, and staff projects within the organization based on chart assessments IT Project Manager Optum Technology - UnitedHealth Group - Basking Ridge, NJ December 2016 to October 2017 CSS AARP- Optum CIO  ? Manage SDLC for projects valuing over $3 million, delivering 4 projects under budget in September 2017  ? Supports documentation, execution and approval of Statements of Work with Business Initiatives Project Manager and Business Owners  ? Coordinate releases aligning with Enterprise Release Calendar as well as off-cycle releases to support independent projects  ? Provides financial forecasting, budget planning, project cost reporting and comparisons between budget and actuals for review by Senior Project Managers and for external client partners  ? Assist Program Director in demand and capacity planning through various budgeting exercises  ? Is responsible for maintaining a $15 million portfolio budget and reporting tool for external client partner reporting, which is also used to forecast for internal budgeting control exercises  ? Interacts with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis; leads capacity planning exercises to ensure resources are fully allocated  ? Maintain and update IRAAD in accordance with IT and business team needs  ? Transitioned new business segment to the use of internal software when Catalyst 360/AARP was acquired by Optum Technology  ? Administered PMO training to transition from legacy processes to integrated company standard procedures, project management tools, and software  ? Assist business analyst and system architect in documenting business process and features using business requirements IT Project Manager CareOne- Optum Technology - Basking Ridge, NJ July 2015 to December 2016 Was responsible for staffing and managing all clinical projects under $100,000  ? Delivered eight projects under budget in 2016  ? Supported Senior Program Managers with reporting and PMO governance to meet Optum internal project standards  ? Transitioned over $3 million worth of pre-existing projects over to Optum Technology for time reporting before end-of-year  ? Assisted in transforming a Waterfall project to iterative development by providing training material and executing onsite training for a small agile team Social Media Consultant Intern McRae Capital Management - Madison, NJ February 2015 to March 2015 Helped create and monitor a social media presence through various channels such as LinkedIn and Facebook, and helped upload industry specific content published by managing partners  ? Followed SEC rules and regulations on publishing content by going through documents and verifying verbiage with managing partners  ? Provided insight into which social media platforms to leverage in order to target current and possible future clients  ? Documented procedures established for further developing all social media presence, and provided next steps in order to further communication and marketing to clients of the firm Graduate Assistant Fairleigh Dickinson University - Madison, NJ February 2014 to May 2014 Performed administrative tasks including preparation of PowerPoint presentations and gathering marketing material  ? Provided research support by collecting and analyzing data from primary and secondary sources, and consolidating findings into a one-page report for review by department chair  ? Assisted in coordination of outreach efforts and recruitment of alumni for Master's programs within the Silberman School of Business  ? Coordinated undergraduate recognition dinner on behalf of the business department and designed awards distributed to students Education Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Fairleigh Dickinson University - Madison, NJ May 2015 Bachelor of Arts Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ January 2014 Skills Microsoft Office (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Optics (Less than 1 year), ORDERING POINTS TO IDENTIFY THE CLUSTERING STRUCTURE (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  Proficient with: Clarity, Microsoft Office Suite, PPM Optics, Rally, Scrum/Agile Methodology, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office 365