Director of Licensing and Operations Director of Licensing and Operations Director of Licensing and Operations San Antonio, TX Experienced business professional versed in project management, account management, business operations, and  marketing. Adept in implementing processes and creating a strategy to reach objectives and goals. Very creative with  marketing content and delivery. Strong organizational and customer relation skills. Work Experience Director of Licensing and Operations MedSpoke - San Antonio, TX April 2018 to June 2019 Part of a small start up where I helped create a new business segment, and processes involved. Heavy in project  management relating to medical industry and the license application process. Launched marketing campaigns, researched  target markets, and implemented strategy while perfecting processes. Project & Account Manager (Independent Contractor) Digiboost - San Antonio, TX 2016 to 2018 Project & Account Manager (Contract)  Oct. 2017 - April 2018  Helped launch early first phase of digital marketing/ web development startup. Created account management role, including on-boarding and content delivery process. Managed communication between IT development and customer.  Coordinated project scope, tasks, and deliverables. Developed social media services and campaigns for customers.  Coordinated scheduling and strategy of copy writing and digital content. Strategy and Solutions Consultant (Independent Contractor) Code2Revenue - San Antonio, TX March 2017 to December 2017 Contracted with small sales-as-a-service startup as a business and sales strategy consultant. Objective was to provide  valuable feedback and solutions for small business clients. Successfully increased lead generation and revenue for individual clients. Key areas included sales strategy, branding and marketing, and lead development. Marketing Campaign Manager (Independent Contractor) Forbrich & Associates - San Antonio, TX August 2016 to February 2017 Successfully directed and implemented strategies to increase brand awareness and generate new business. Established and managed presence on major social media platforms with advertisements and promotions. Researched target  audience and constructed pricing strategy and incentives to generate new business. Project & Product Manager Innervent Inc - San Antonio, TX October 2015 to July 2016 Managed private Software as a Service specific to project management in Energy Performance Contracts and Municipalities.  Lead implementation of software, customer training/ on-boarding, and support. Worked with software development team to offer customized solutions specific to customer needs. Contributed towards online branding, content, and marketing. Implementation Coordinator II Rackspace October 2013 to October 2015 Managed implementations of customer IT deployments by monitoring stages and distributing tasks. Acted as main point of contact both externally and internally during project deployment phase up until completion. Rackspace - San Antonio, TX October 2010 to October 2015 Business IT solutions consultant December 2011 to October 2013 for new customers using Cloud technology. Managed sales pipeline and successfully  implemented sales process from lead to close. Developed partner network and displayed strong presentation and negotiation skills to gain new business. Lead Generation Specialist October 2010 to December 2011 Consulted with prospective clients to uncover business needs and route to the right solutions department for further  business acquisition. Developed excellent communication and negotiation methods, presentations and strong product and IT knowledge. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Marketing and Management Ithaca College - Ithaca, NY May 2009