Product Owner/Certified Scrum Master Product Owner/Certified Scrum Master Product Owner/Certified Scrum Master - Equifax, Inc To obtain a position in which I can best utilize my 15 plus years of experience as an Information Technology ( IT) Business Analyst and Product Owner with experience in both the government and private sector. As a Certified Scrum Master (SMC), I have held several IT positions such as Business Analyst, Program/ Project Manager, Software Configuration Manager, Software Test Engineer, Web Developer, and Network Administrator. I have taught Information Technology courses at the High School, College and Community College levels.  Certified Scrum Master  SharePoint Administration  SharePoint Team Foundation  Windows Server Administration  Agile Development Methodology  Quality Assurance Test & Verification  Microsoft Office 365  Software IV&V testing  Software Metrics Collection  Linux Administrator Certified  Oracle SQL Certified  PHP/MySQL application development  Final Acceptance Testing  Microsoft Project Server Administration  CA Technologies Rally  Technical Writing  Wireframe & User Interface Development/Documentation  Software as a Service (SaaS)  SailPoint Server Administration    Relational Database Design and Development  Object Oriented Software Development  Iterative Software Development Methodology  Rational Unified Process Development  Business Requirements Documentation  Functional Requirements Documentation  Business Case Development and Modeling  Data and Control Flow Diagrams  Requirements management and analysis  Requirements Traceability  Test Case Development  Collaboration Development  Conflict Resolution  Configuration and Change Management  Entity Relationship modeling  Business Process Modeling (BPM)  Business Process Management  Rally Administration  Jira Enterprise Administration  Confluence Platform    Application Servers:  Apache, Internet Information Server, Windows Media Server, Exchange Mail Server Share Point Enterprise Server, and MS Project Enterprise Server 2003, Oracle Fusion Middleware, SailPoint    Web-Tools:  Web Services, SOAP, Front Page, Fireworks, Dreamweaver, Flash, Adobe Web Design Suite CC, Photoshop, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, and CSS Type Style. Joomla, WordPress, CMS Tools, Rally, JIRA. Work Experience Product Owner/Certified Scrum Master Equifax, Inc - Alpharetta, GA July 2018 to Present • Interact with clients to determine solution specifications.  • Lead discovery sessions, documents and manage scope, write requirements and/or user stories, Performs quality assurance, configuration assistance, application training, problem resolution and third level support to new and existing clients.  • Develop business rules as well as supporting process flows.  • Provide two-way communications between the customer and the extended project team.  • Consult with customers on functional related aspects of design, project delivery and support.  • Plan, schedule, and coordinate activities related to system development projects.  • Responsible for on time delivery of medium to large projects.  • Key activities includes planning, estimating, determining functional architecture, writing functional design specifications, managing customer account relationships and providing support.  • Work with customers on functional and technical aspects of project delivery and support.  • Participate in and contribute to Agile ceremonies. Scrum Master duties included managed and assigned user stories, and backlog. Maintain project Kanban boards, track task and sprints and conducted daily standup sessions.  • Environment: SailPoint, SaaS, Citrix VDI, Jira, Web Services and SOAP Senior Business Analyst Change Health Care - Alpharetta, GA November 2017 to April 2018 • Defined business needs into measurable requirements that are developed, tested, and implemented for products/applications.  • Working with stakeholders to create specifications and identify business requirements for systems and solutions to meet business needs.  • Defines, analyzes and proposes business solutions based on the business needs.  • Review/validate test plans, ensuring that the end result meets the specified business requirements  • Support QA activities as needed and collaborate with technical delivery and solution engineering teams on the details of technical solutions to validate that the strategic business requirements are implemented.  • Validate and ensure that the proposed solution meets the stakeholders' needs  • Lead cross-functional integrated teams to address business and adoption issues (e.g., user experience, data flow, process flow, and wireframes)  • Participate in the development process or other steps of the product lifecycle  • Serve as a key resource by providing input into the development of new feature/release and collaborate with regulatory SMEs to understand how regulations affect products and documenting regulatory requirements  • Conduct business requirements review with stakeholders and documents the acceptance of those requirements  • Environment: SharePoint Server, SharePoint Cloud, Microsoft Excel, Windows Enterprise Server Senior Business Analyst Regions Bank - Birmingham, AL March 2017 to November 2017 • Gather requirements by working with technology and business unit stakeholders. Upload research articles to SharePoint under the appropriate Product/Iteration/ Project Folders.  • Create high-level overview of the project using traditional Business Requirements Documentation (BRD) templates. Manage business requirements in SharePoint under the appropriate Product/Iteration/ Project Folders.  • Distribute business requirements to Project Managers and Technology SME for review and approval. Update requirements documentation and manage SharePoint Repository as needed.  • Gather and development of Functional Requirements Documentation. Capturing detailed scope of work including workflows, wireframes, and known data elements understood by the business units.  • Build and manage User Story backlogs in TFS, using the FRD as a guide. Capturing user stories and deliverables in TFS following traditional agile format and guidelines.  • Conduct Sprint Planning sessions. Working with the product owner to identify the priority of user stories for the current sprint.  • Distribute and manage user stories for developers, and lead Sprint planning sessions. Review acceptance criteria with team members and make necessary updates using supporting documentation such as workflows and wireframes.  • Review and test user stories for completeness ensuring the deliverable is correct and functional adherence. If bugs exist, create and maintain bugs in TFS as a child of the associated user story and assign to the appropriate developer resource.  • Participate in the daily scrum sessions and lead the Sprint demonstration to the team and the conclusion of the designated sprint.  • Responsible for technical documentation writing/creation, updating, and revision management of Functional Requirements Documentation and Business Requirements Documentation.  • Environment: Windows 2008 Server, .Net Framework, Visual Studio (Basic, C#), MS SQL Server Enterprise 2008/2016, MS Visio, MS Office 2016, Microsoft SSIS, and MS SharePoint 2016, Web Services and SOAP. Sr Project Manager/Product Owner NCP Solutions/Harland Clarke - Birmingham, AL February 2016 to March 2017 • Establishment of efficient software development standards and practices in an ad-hoc environment implementing an Agile/SCRUM methodology.  • Capture and document existing software development process and procedures analyzing business practices that worked and those that were inefficient to the overall business goals and objectives.  • Incorporated and managed project development requirements using the Rally requirements toolset for both development projects and support/maintenance initiatives to support software change management processes and procedures.  • Managed, maintained, and documented business requirements from the business stakeholders acting as the liaison between developers and the product owner on a daily basis for both enterprise level projects and for software maintenance/support projects.  • Managed and documented business requirements throughout the software development life cycle utilizing iterative development, working with developers, and software quality assurance (SQA) testing ensuring that requirements traceability is consistent at all phases of the software development lifecycle.  • Environment: Windows 2008 Server, .Net Framework, Visual Studio (Basic, C#), MS SQL Server Enterprise 2008/2016, MS Visio, MS Office 2016, Oracle Database Enterprise Services, Microsoft SSIS. PreS, Rubika, GMC, NetCobol and MS SQL, Rally. IT Business Analyst Fulton County Department of Education - Sandy Springs, GA August 2012 to February 2016 • Responsible for the distribution and maintenance of all technology in the school.  • Provide support to staff and students with troubleshooting technical issues on a daily basis. Responsible for computer imaging, software upgrades and decommissioning older technology to the county for surplus.  • Responsible for maintaining 15 plus computer labs, ensuring that the labs are updated and in working condition, reducing or keeping downtime to a minimum.  • Provide school SharePoint administration, support and maintenance. This includes website design and development and support to school personnel with instruction on the use of SharePoint as pertains to web design and maintenance.  • Microsoft Office 365 county rollout: Supported the countywide installation, support and training of Fulton County Teachers and Administration of MS Office 2013 integration with Office 365.  • Personalized Learning initiative: Establish and support the rollout of countywide Microsoft Surface Pro and Apple IPads. Fulton county students in support of the county initiative for personalized learning devices to each student in the county.  • Environment: Windows 2008 - 2013 Server, Windows 8 Professional, SharePoint 2013/2016, .Net Framework Services, Office 365 Cloud Services, Visual Basic, Active Directory Services Certified IT Instructor Georgia Institute of Technology - Atlanta, GA June 2011 to August 2012 • Established the Tri Cities computer club which allowed interested students to participate in building, troubleshooting, and restoring broken or donated computer systems.  • Co-wrote and collaborated with a local nonprofit organization to win a mini grant for providing Latino/Hispanic students' computer instructional training. Tri-Cities computer club members provided peer instructions to elementary and middle school students.  • Georgia State Certification IT Programming and Software Development.  • Conducted Computer Science Summer Camp Program for Middle School students.  • Established a community computer-learning center with SMART INC non-profit organization.  • Development and creation of all technical and instructional learning material for department to utilize for instruction.  • Environment: Google Web Services, Game Salad, Google Analytics, Microsoft Office Professional. Business/Technical Analyst Resource Information Systems Group - Atlanta, GA January 2009 to December 2009 • Senior Partner and owner of Resource Information Systems Group, LLC. Micro business providing internet business solutions to small businesses in the Atlanta area. Providing business automation solutions, custom web applications, and on-site IT services.  • Setup and configuration of small business open source applications for small business such as WordPress, Joomla, Concrete 5 and SugarCRM.  • Developed Custom Content Management Solutions using MySQL, and PHP, on a LINUX  Platform. Resulting in a cost savings to the client's daily business process and operations.  • Responsible for capturing business requirements and documenting both functional and business level requirements for developers to utilize for development and requirement traceability for User Acceptance testing criteria.  • Environment: Linux Red Hat, Windows IIS Server, .NET Framework, Active Directory Services, Samba. Education M.S. in Software Engineering University of West Florida B.S. in Electronic Technology Virginia State University