Assistant Project Manager/ IT Support Administrator Assistant <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> Support Administrator Technical Assistant/ IT Support Administrator - VA Electric Inc Chicago, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Assistant Project Manager/ IT Support Administrator VA Electric Inc - Albuquerque, NM February 2018 to Present My responsibilities as a technical assistant and IT support at VA Electric included helping other employees setup software (ProContractor, Cloud Workspace, Viewpoint Estimating MEP) on their computers along with instructing them how the software is used, general maintenance of both software and hardware of the server system, and maintenance of the company’s existing website.     As an assistant project manager, I am tasked with conducting payroll, reading over job specifications and plans to work with the foreman to develop an approach and plan of action for the job, and estimate and negotiate change orders. Also, create a quality control plan and checklists specific to the job specifications to ensure the work meets the requirements of the specifications and of the quality of craftsmanship required by the foreman, project manager and owners. Reasearch Assistant University of New Mexico Hospital - Albuquerque, NM August 2016 to December 2017 With Dr. DuPont I was required to build and maintain a database in which scores were kept as well as data collection. Office Assistant UNMH Department of Pediatrics, Developmental Care - Albuquerque, NM August 2014 to December 2017 As an office assistant my biggest responsibility was building and maintaining patient charts, both their physical and digital form. This required me to be proficient in both Access and Excel data/spreadsheets. I am able to run queries and input data in both formats. I would also be responsible for creating templates in Word for both clinicians and administrative assistants. Overall, I was to make sure that the clinicians and program coordinator would have all the material and patient information they needed for patients in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and for the outpatient clinic. Research Assistant University of New Mexico Department of Psychology - Albuquerque, NM July 2016 to June 2017 The purpose of the investigation was to assess outcomes of children with access to early childhood services. I was tasked with compiling a database of schools in Texas and helping write the grant proposal. Umpire USSSA - Albuquerque, NM March 2010 to June 2017 Part time 7-8 hours  $20/hr.  $1,200/year  Supervisor - Andrew Bunch (505) 850-5515 andrewbunch99@gmail.com  Andrew may be contacted for reference.  I have to be aware of everything around me as well as be able to communicate issues that I may have with other people. I also must be able to handle a situation where I am confronted aggressively and I must do so while maintaining my professional integrity and the integrity of USSSA as a whole. Research Assistant Mind Research Network - Albuquerque, NM August 2014 to May 2015 The purpose of the study was to assess the relationship between the size cavum septum and pellucidum (CSP) psychopathy. My role was to inspect fMRI images to and measure the size of the cavum septum and pellucidum (CSP) in participants. Laborer VA Electric - Albuquerque, NM May 2010 to July 2014 At VA Electric I would bring materials to and from job sites as well as help the electricians there. Helping the electricians included bending pipe, pulling wire and wiring various things such as outlets and light fixtures. Education Master's in Data Science Illinois Institute of Technology - Chicago, IL May 2019 to Present BS in Statistics and Psychology University of New Mexico - Albuquerque, NM August 2012 to May 2018 Skills Microsoft Office (7 years), R programming (5 years), Matlab (1 year), Excel, REDCap (1 year), Powerpoint Assessments Data Analysis — Highly Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mlkf4j9xkr9iryiu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.