Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Yonkers, NY IT professional with more than 7 years of management experience in IT construction build outs, IT Services management and IT infrastructure. Hands-on with previous positions which include IT Infrastructure installation, integration, architecture and design for each new construction site. Highly skilled in all project phases, including pre-construction or development. Successfully managed multiple diverse projects, ranging from Hotels, Interactive Golf Driving Range, & restaurants and other hospitality type of facilities. Proactive leader skilled in managing and inspiring the project team to provide value to the client by delivering quality projects on time and within budget. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Drive Shack Holdings LLC - New York, NY June 2018 to April 2019 • Negotiated the procurement of technology systems requirement including Hardware with key vendor partners resulting to a cost reduction in capital expenditure in the amount of 4M dollars.  • Managed and analyzed the software & application requirement for the Interactive driving range infrastructure, property management system application, point of sale system which resulted to the consolidation of hardware to run the systems and led to a savings of 600k cost expenditure on the software and applications.  • Envisioned smart solutions and executed strategies and initiatives that achieved value-building goals across all areas of the new facilities by instilling a high-performance culture and integrating the appropriate technology solutions for the business.  • Successfully turned around an understaffed, neglected and over-budget software development projects by working through challenges and regaining the confidence of the business units resulting in an on-schedule and within budget projects that led to outsourcing some high-risk projects with the right vendor to meet deadlines.  • Ensured quality workmanship and customer satisfaction throughout the construction process through face to face daily interaction with stake holders, vendors, construction managers in order to analyze and resolve all challenging circumstances.  • Orchestrated the implementation of policies and procedures for the technology department including software development, IT services management, Network Security and Administration, Change management process, for compliance as a publicly traded company.  • Managed and directed the implementation of business intelligence (BI) application that allows the collection of financial data from different sources (excel, oracle, etc..) which allows the company to automate and efficiently access financial reports. The solution was able to cut users time in compiling financial data which was done manually prior to the BI tool  • Facilitated the opening of new constructed facilities for operations. This include all systems integration of property management systems, point of sales, guest facing technology, audio visual technology, wireless network and other games applications for guest use.  • Contracted vendors for all the technology related trades such as structured cabling, Fiber optics, low voltage and audio visual, dedicated internet circuits, video/TV, PMS, POS Director of Technology - IT Construction New Hotel Build Two Roads Hospitality - New York, NY April 2016 to July 2017 • Managed the technology contracts in all phases, from pre-award to project completion; coordinated projects and managed multiple sites; oversaw the contractors, field engineers, and tradesmen while ensuring quality assurance and compliance to all safety, environmental standards, and government regulations.  • Directed and managed the IT implementation simultaneously for a multiple hotel opening of boutique luxury hotels in Manhattan that included all technology infrastructure, installation and configuration of front and back office systems, building management systems, structured cabling, guest facing technology and other facility requirements. The successful opening was completed within budget and time constraints  • Orchestrated and managed the relocation with only 60-day notice of the data center from managed service provider to in-house facility in NYC., along with a technology refresh resulting in 50% cost savings. The successful relocation resulted in less than 18 hours of downtime to the company and no impact to the customer.  • Managed the design, implementation and integration of the hotel's guest facing technology, guest room video/media casting technology, audio visual, wireless and network integration to the hotels. This include negotiated subcontracts, sourced manpower, created schedules, negotiated change orders, closed out of projects, walked through with all subcontractors and owners to obtain approval.  • Received recognition as "Rising Star" from the organization for successfully opening two luxury hotels simultaneously with a 98% success rate and no major technology issues during the opening period. IT Regional Manager New Hotel Construction Build Hersha Hospitality Management - New York, NY January 2012 to March 2016 • Manage day-to-day operational aspects of projects and project scope by effectively applying methodologies that enforce project standards and by minimizing exposure and risks on projects.  • Created and executed project work plans and revise as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements, including the identification of needed resources and assignment to appropriate personnel.  • Managed the day to day operation aspects of Information Technology for 20 hotels in the NY portfolio that consist of the IT Support and Service Management of each property that includes services, application support on all major critical systems, urgent and complicated support issues, outages/emergency activities and other vendor related matters.  • Managed the IT Project & Functions (applications & systems) for 10 hotel pre-openings and openings in New York city from Hyatt, Hilton, IHG brands and Independent boutique hotels, restaurants, bars & lounge for the NY portfolio which include Project Management, Analysis, Administration, Teamwork and Coordination. All facilities opened and managed with 95% success rate and no major technical issues during opening period  • Initiated and implemented improvements in all areas of IT responsibility within the NYC hotel portfolio that includes technology refresh, network security, consolidation of hardware use, maximizing application usage and subscriptions, downsizing on hardware requirement using Virtual machines which led to a cost reduction of 1M USD in operational expense.  • Managed and directed various technology implementation of NEW systems on new Hotel Openings & Hotel Expansions within the NY portfolio as per the brand requirement.  • Contracted vendors to the agreed SLA's including but not limited to data /voice circuits, HSIA, business centers, kiosks, POS, PMS and guest facing technology.  • Establish and maintain regular written and in-person communications with the organization's executives, department CIO, department heads, property level executives and end users regarding pertinent IT activities. Education Bachelor of Science in Legal Management De La Salle University - New York, NY 1992 to 1995 Skills Budgeting (5 years), cabling (5 years), Change control (5 years), Contract review (5 years), infrastructure design (5 years), low voltage (5 years), maintenance (5 years), Problem solving (10+ years), Process improvement (5 years), Project management (9 years), Scheduling (5 years), structured cabling (5 years), Team building (5 years), team player (10+ years), Technical support (10+ years), Word, Outlook, budget, Estimating, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses Driver's License