PFPA Badge and Visitor Contract PFPA Badge and Visitor Contract PFPA Badge and Visitor Contract - Chronos - Pentagon & Mark Center Fort Washington, MD Work Experience PFPA Badge and Visitor Contract Chronos - Pentagon & Mark Center July 2018 to Present Ensured that employees/visitors had proper access/clearance to enter government facilities  ?Program Cac Cards for use  ?Troubleshooting Cac Cards  ?Ensuring Integrity and Security is maintained at the Mark Center/Pentagon VOIP Project Coordinator I Future Networks, LLC - Reston, VA July 2018 to Present Process new installs, moves, router upgrades, disconnects, change, (PIP) Internet Protocol Service, PVCs, Frame Relay, DSI, DS3 orders for all US Federal Courts.  ? Conducted weekly Design Review Meeting with VOIP Fulfillment Partners.  ? Ensured delivery of Switches and Cisco routers  ? Received FOC dates, LNP, DIDs and Toll free numbers from ILECs within specified time frame  ? Ordered Directory Listing E911, and IP Unity Voicemail services ( Auto Attendant ).  ? Provided customer training and technical support for the first two weeks of service activation  ? Supplied Management with monthly reporting on installs and disconnect status  ? Managed and provision US Courts VoIP customers VOIP.  ? Troubleshoot and resolve various issues with ILEC and call routing, data, 911, local, long distance and caller ID issues. Merchandising Team Member Walmart - Erwin, NC January 2018 to June 2018 Unload / Load trucks of merchandise and pallets  ? Stock shelves with merchandise  ? Maintained a clean / safe workspace  ? Kept inventory with merchandising gun Merchandise Stocker Food Lion - Benson, NC December 2016 to January 2018 Head Stocker Qualified  ? DSD Qualified (Merchandising gun expert) Merchandise Stocker/DSD FoodLion, McGee's Crossroads, NC August 2016 to December 2016 Unload Trucks/ Load Trucks  ? Work with vendors  ? Rotating and stocking shelves/product  ? Running Backstock  ? Using merchandise gun to keep track of inventory IT Internship Physio Control Inc - Duluth, MN May 2016 to August 2016 Repairing and maintaining office computers  ? Installing and wiping new and old computer software  ? Creating and filling orders for major fire departments and hospitals (Chicago, Washington D.C., etc )  ? Helping maintain firewall integrity Cook/Maintenance/Cashier/Shift Manager Hardee's - Dunn, NC November 2014 to September 2015 Supervise over shifts (2-3 days out of week, watch over 2-9pm shift )  ? Cook and prepare food for customers  ? Distribute change to cashiers Delicatessen Clerk Walmart - Goodyear, AZ September 2013 to July 2014 Slice meats for customers  ?Prepare/ cook food for hot bar  ?Rotate cold meats and hot foods in accordance with hold times  ?Cleaning Deli and Deli equipment  ?Operating compactor to discard trash Fry cook Zaxby's - Erwin, NC March 2011 to November 2012 Cooked and prepared food  ? Performed quality control on food  ? Cleaned kitchen and dishes Education High school or equivalent Skills Customer service, Time management, Microsoft office Additional Information Public Trust Clearance