Website Administrator Website Administrator Fort Smith, AR Positive-minded support specialist. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Website Administrator Arkansas Trailer Mfg. Co., Inc. - Fort Smith, AR May 2013 to Present • Created the website in 2013.  • As-needed support for the website and email system.  • http://www.arkansastrailer.com/ Customer Support Specialist Dealer Information Systems - Centennial, CO August 2018 to February 2019 • Working with customers to provide software training, problem solving and ongoing assistance for dealerships in the heavy equipment and forklift industries. Customer contacts are typically via email or telephone, or web conference.  • Apply analytical, communication and problem-solving skills to help identify, resolve and document issues.  • Provide training and/or reasonable workarounds to resolve unexpected results or system limitation.  • Test, report/document software deficiencies and enhancement requests for development team.  • Use Infor to fully record Knowledge Centered documentation including: issue, testing, resolution and administrative.  • Use JIRA to record development requests.  • Rotate after hours support. IT Volunteer Ballman Elementary School - Fort Smith, AR June 2017 to July 2018 • Assist with the installation, configuration and troubleshooting of phones, tablets, desktops and laptops.  • Collaborate with vendors (Apple, Dell, etc.) for assistance with elevated issues. Business Systems Analyst II ( Project Manager - IT Operations) Flint Hills Resources, LP - Wichita, KS March 2015 to June 2016 • IT project management in the Operations - Reliability channel.  • Main application supported/managed was BlueCielo Meridian (Drawing Management).  • Coordinate project efforts with IT (SDA, ASA, DBA, BSA) and the business/plant users.  • Typical projects include server/application decommissions, application/infrastructure upgrades/setups.  • Develop project execution plans and hold recurring status meetings with the project team to ensure success. Business Systems Analyst I (FAST - IT Operations) Flint Hills Resources, LP - Wichita, KS December 2014 to March 2015 • FHR's critical application support team; front line of support.  • Rapid response to critical issues affecting customer productivity, project deadlines and overall company profit/stability.  • Maintained detailed technical documentation to aid others when switching or learning new applications.  • Identify support trends and develop solutions to reduce support and customer downtime.  • Knowledge sharing with teammates and other IT groups through documentation, meetings and learning sessions. Application Systems Analyst ( IT Operations) Flint Hills Resources, LP - Wichita, KS July 2013 to December 2014 • Uphold the responsibility as gatekeeper of production passwords and the production environment.  • Create value for customers and team members by automating and innovating processes.  • Implement and maintain a variety of applications on Windows, Linux and Citrix presentation servers.  • Share knowledge by creating and distributing technical documentation and attending/hosting learning sessions.  • Collaborate directly and remotely with plant IT/leaders, software vendors and consultants.  • Create disaster recovery (DR) plans with other IT teams and perform testing in the event of a disaster. Client Services Intern (PC Support) J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc - Lowell, AR January 2012 to May 2013 • Assist mentors and other interns with problem ticket resolution.  • Build, configure, and install a variety of client devices to meet the needs of the end user.  • Become exposed to Windows XP/7 OS, Microsoft Office, TCP/IP networking protocols and email clients. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Information Systems University of Arkansas, Sam M. Walton College of Business - Fayetteville, AR May 2013 Skills Linux (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Active Directory (3 years), Citrix (3 years), Project Management (2 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Technical Writing (5 years), Windows (10+ years), Change Management (3 years), Windows Server (3 years), Desktop Support (10+ years), Server Support (2 years), Disaster Recovery (3 years), Root Cause Analysis (3 years) Additional Information Support: Customer & Technical, End-User, Vendor, Remote, via Email, IM, Phone, Video, Screensharing; Ticketing Systems:   ITSM, ServiceNow, Infor, Jira, Team; Analyzing Logs: Application, Event Viewer; Prioritizing Efforts: Business Impact, Severity,   Urgency; MS Office: Word, Excel, PPT, Project, Access, OneNote, IM: Slack, Google Hangouts, MS Lync; Project Management:   Upgrades/Patches, New Implementations, Decommissions, Incident Management, Change Management, Technical   Troubleshooting, Root Cause Analysis; Basic Java/SQL/VB.Net; Windows Server: 2003, 2008, 2008 R2, 2012, 2012 R2, 2016;   Windows: XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10; Disaster Recovery, Technical Documentation, Knowledge Sharing, Support Trend Analysis;   Applications: Enterprise, Desktop, SAAS, Web, Mobile; IIS: Creating, Configuring and Managing Sites; Critical Thinking;   Accruent Meridian, IBM Cognos Framework Manager; Oracle WebLogic Server, Oracle Enterprise Data Quality, Oracle User   Productivity Kit; OSIsoft PI: SDK, ProcessBook, DataLink, SMT, ICU; PC Imaging, PC Hardware Troubleshooting & Repair,   Network Security Camera Configuration.