Sr. Systems Engineer II Sr. Systems Engineer II Sr. Systems Engineer II - APT As an IT Management and Technology Professional with more than 15 years' experience supporting military and private technologies and systems. As a proven professional with a history of growth and efficiency improvements I have used my technological knowledge and problem-solving ability to implement defining changes. I am heavily relied upon to generate creative changes and technological innovation. I am striving to use my skills to the fullest and wish to streamline and improve projects, technology, and Infrastructure. (Held Department of Defense Security Clearance.) Work Experience Sr. Systems Engineer II APT - San Jose, CA 2018 to Present Brought in to APT as a senior system engineer to take over duties as IT manager and system integrator. Was liaison between APT and customers engineering and IT departments. Brought APT IT infrastructure up to date including SCCM installation, AWS and Azure cloud future systems usage.  • Owned the complete APT IT systems and Infrastructure, including offsite support, customer support, and IT Services. Including external helpdesk support contracts.  • Created APT SOP's, and SLA's regarding IT systems and customer support.  • Lead systems integrator on engineering projects was able to cut average integration time from 137-man hour average to 111-man hour average.  • Work with customers on projects to build distributed and standalone SQL and application server setups over multiple datacenters or locations.  • Cut Internal IT service incidents down 57% by using SCCM, regular audits, and interaction with employees to proactively change thinking and usage of IT assets Program Project Manager Valley First Credit Union - Modesto, CA 2017 to 2017 Was hired to build out Valley First's initial project and resource management system and PMO office. Work with senior management and organizational departments on policy strategy and creation. Created project process and templates for organization. Collaborated with CEO and compliance on vendor management and selection.  • Design and Implement PMO Office for the organization. Total project budget $21M  • Created with senior management project process and procedures based on PMBOK 5th edition and PMI resources. 7 policies and 21 SOP's board approved  • Lead on vendor management, control and prioritizes vendors and 3rd party services. Worked with compliance and legal departments to make sure paperwork and vendor licenses and risk management is performed.  • Lead risk management process and strategy. 14 policies and 5 SOP's board approved Sr. Infrastructure Administrator Sunopta - Modesto, CA 2014 to 2017 Provide senior technical and IT Management for multiple sites (three manufacturing and one sales office). Collaborated with corporate IT team to provide project lifecycle and equipment technical experience for thirty-seven sites nationwide. Multi-department workflow including operations, sales and maintenance. Project lead on Microsoft Office 365 Implementation and Avaya VOIP phone system Implementation. Corporate lead on Site Security, and IT Engineering Systems (Rockwell Automation and PLC/HMI Systems) and Logic-Monitor Cloud based system monitoring. Managed teams ranging from 6-11 People over project lifecycles Adjunct Instructor of Engineering and IT ITT Tech - Lathrop, CA 2012 to 2015 Educate students and professionals (using theory and practical labs) in basic and advanced technology, critical thinking problem solving and engineering best practices.    • Student Success Rate 4.7 out of 5 (goal of 4.4), Student Survey Score 9.1 out of 10 (goal of 7.5) SR. Information Technology Analyst II Post Foods - Modesto, CA 2010 to 2014 Serve at IT systems manager and Jr. engineer for the corporate office of Post Holdings. Collaborate with IT groups such as network, security, administration and telecommunications to perform project planning, problem solving, and manage a large user base. New site deployment and integration team lead. Managed teams from 3-8 People  • Function as Engineering Technician for diverse tasks such as maintaining accurate Active Directory (more than 1,800 employees), performing maintenance on computerized storage (for example, SAN and NAS VMware VirtualCenter 2.5) and Programmable Logic Controllers (for example, SLC500 and Micrologix), and designing intricate drawings using AutoCAD and Solid Works.  • Lead security on database, camera and gate system initiatives, act as project lead on Box Enterprise Cloud-based file/utility storage and provided leadership on Zscaler Network/Internet Firewall and web filtering solutions. Co-lead system security initiatives including Symantec Endpoint Protection management. Skills Security, Process controls, Systems security, Mentoring, Training Links http://linkedin.com/in/Benjamin