Executive Director of Operations Executive Director of Operations Multi-faceted Healthcare Management Professional | Business Analyst Decatur, TX ? 10+ years of team management experience including leadership and employee development.  ? Increased Employee Satisfaction by 20% 2009 Gallup President's Club Award.  ? Exceptional leader skilled in LEAN process improvement and Rapid Improvement Events [RIE].  ? Successfully leveraged Crucial Conversations, and Employee Engagement best practice and strategies to maximize efficiencies and gain consensus resulting in proper risk assessment and cost savings of +$100,000 in ambulatory EHR implementation. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Executive Director of Operations Wise Health System - Decatur, TX March 2018 to February 2019 Executive Director providing servant leadership of 16 clinical facilities including oversight of their diverse ambulatory arms.  ? Chiefly responsible for revenue cycle operations and efficiencies, cost control and risk reduction, continuous advancement and integration of workflows and information technology.  ? Collaborate and produce consensus among stakeholders by serving as a trusted liaison between executive level stakeholders, physicians, and all applicable facilities, vendors, teams and their extensions.  ? From conception to deployment, establish health system strategic planning initiatives to engage and integrate clinical, ambulatory and contingent workforces to maximize value-based patient care.  ? Champion network development and deployment including physician contracting and alignment; business intelligence and analytics; clinical network and joint venture networks.  ? Establish practice-specific communication plans and strategic partnerships, mobilizing institutional leadership, executive and special change management committees and patient/community engagement strategies.  ? Establish and communicate business objectives and initiatives for both immediate and long term community enrichment, value added care, and alignment to clinical metrics, KPIs goal achievement. Project Manager - Ambulatory Analyst Midland Memorial Hospital - Midland, TX January 2017 to March 2018 Team Lead and facilitator of Cerner Ambulatory and clinical integration of Electronic Health Record implementation; specifically focused on clinically driven revenue cycle [CDRC].  ? Functioned as project manager and escalation point in ambulatory physician groups and all data migration of legacy AthenaHealth platforms to Cerner.  ? Spearhead of program management for outpatient hospital based facilities, implementing diverse projects and initiatives for IT infrastructure and community engagement.  ? Conducted legacy workflow analysis including application integration points, streamlining physician workflows and implemented standardization of best practices to ensure accurate and clear communication across various platforms and channels.  ? Conducted needs assessment of physician and executive stakeholders to decipher implicit and explicit needs; current state conditions, data collection, and future state design, prototypes, and requirements.  ? Collaborated with SMEs to establish training material, training plans, and use case criteria.  ? Implemented Ambulatory training plans to expedite end user retention and application simultaneously ensuring patient-centric care during the implementation. Physician Practice Analyst / IT LHP Hospital Group - Plano, TX 2013 to 2017 Translated and communicated use cases, user stories and stakeholder expectations into actionable strategies, requirements, and functional specifications across DevOps teams.  ? Conduct continuous risk assessments and reduction including continuous testing, project task monitoring and training.  ? Conduct configuration and serve as subject matter expert on RelayClinical application features.  ? Assess and report monthly utilization report data across the organization, conducting gap analysis and providing recommendations to alignment with organization goals, objectives and KPIs.  ? Oversee the development and implementation of marketing strategies for physician and patient engagement.  ? Served as project manager for Integrated orders and results for Lab/Radiology between Paragon Systems and Physician Electronic Medical Records [EMR].  ? Streamline and expedite operations management interoperability of EHR and Practice Management systems.  ? Ensure alignment and achievement of Meaningful Use and Operational Support including adoption; utilization; retention; patient-centric care and value commitment amongst physicians, vendors, nurses and ancillary roles.  ? Facilitate conversations and provide recommendations regarding specifications and development of results, orders, ADT and other user requirements. Practice Manager III Texas Health MedSynergies - Plano, TX 2012 to 2013 Partner with Regional Director in the development of operating and capital budgets; directly leading a team of 39 direct reports; two labs, internal medicine clinic, and family practice.  ? Ensure HIPAA compliance, training, and continuous update of all training material and documentation.  ? Review and amend departmental budgets to ensure overall budgetary compliance, cost control and adherence to corporate initiatives.  ? Supervise onboarding and benefits of contracted physicians including maintaining demographics, confidentiality, monthly and annual contributions, open enrollment and other physician payroll and human resource duties. Education BS in Skilled Experience Midwestern State University Skills Miscrosoft Office, EMR Implementation, Revenue Cycle, ACO, PCMH, Strategic Planning, Process Improvement (10+ years)