IT Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist IT Specialist - Knight Communications Pasadena, CA Highly skilled and focused professional specializing in Administration, Project Management, Information Technology, Consulting and Customer Service. I am looking for a company to utilize all of my skills with a forward thinking attitude and culture. Work Experience IT Specialist Knight Communications - Los Angeles, CA April 2019 to Present • Support Police Officers and City personnel with desktop troubleshooting, PC Software and hardware repair.  • Attend and document weekly Technology meetings with Lieutenants, Captains and other high ranking officials.  • Manage and create user profiles with Active Directory.  • Setup and manage Laptops, Tablets and Cradlepoint cellular modems for vehicles.  • Communicate effectively with non-tech savvy individuals in order to provide excellent customer service.  • Compiled an inventory hardware list of all sites, totaling all the necessary information for audit and traceability purpose. Project Manager & Technology Specialist MARINE CORPS COMMUNITY SERVICES - Okinawa, JP July 2017 to February 2019 Japan  • Consulted on tech and software for Generals, Commanders and other High ranking officials.  • Managed weekly projects and community events.  • Organized and lead weekly courses on Programing and 3D modeling for beginners.  • Created 3D models using Blender, Maya and other 3D modeling/sculpting software.  • Maintained multiple iMacs and PCs.  • Performed daily admin and clerical tasks.  • Supervised the installation and maintenance of Oculus Rift VR headsets, components and gaming computers. Senior QA Analyst INFINITY WARD - Thousand Oaks, CA June 2013 to June 2014 • Designed test plans, scenarios, scripts and procedures.  • Documented software defects using Jira and reported to engineers and designers.  • Monitored and tracked bug resolutions and fixes.  • Investigated player discovered bugs referred by technical support.  • Provided feedback and recommendations to developers on software usability and functionality.  • Recorded temporary Voice Over for Sound Department.  • Presented multiple Game Design documents for potential projects. Quality Assurance Analyst ACTIVISION BLIZZARD - El Segundo, CA May 2012 to January 2013 • Monitored bug resolution efforts and tracked successes.  • Documented test procedures to ensure replicability and compliance with standards.  • Designed test plans, scenarios, scripts, or procedures.  • Plan test schedules or strategies in accordance with project scope or delivery dates.  • Reviewed software documentation to ensure technical accuracy, compliance, or completeness, or to mitigate risks. Education Associate Skills Help Desk, Desktop Support, It Specialist, Information Technology