IT Support Supervisor / Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Supervisor / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Support Supervisor / Project Manager - Dermatologists of Central States West Chester, OH Enthusiastic IT Support professional seeking to benefit an organization with complex technical knowledge and leadership experience. Skilled at building rapport with diverse individuals and clients while implementing new systems and training entire practices and teams on how to use them. Specialize in web applications, AD, purchasing and budgeting for more than 800 employees and 40 practices at one time. Passionate about overseeing projects and day-to-day tasks, troubleshooting, and hardware repair/replacement, and road mapping new IT infrastructures and transitions for customers/clients. Work Experience IT Support Supervisor / Project Manager Dermatologists of Central States - Dayton, OH December 2017 to Present Responsible for maintenance and repair of information technology hardware and software.  ? Provide professional technology service to staff, pathologists, surgeons, and chief officers through help desk and on-site.  ? Coordinate technology purchases and budgeting for more than 40 practices and 650+ employees.  ? Work directly with the COO to provide support to the business development and operation teams for site visits during the acquisition process  ? Physical installations of a wide variety of hardware including routers, switches, and POS Systems  ? Monitor and maintain software licensing and maintenance agreements.  ? Contact person for all the service contracts with outside vendors  ? Implementation of Major projects  ? Design, install, and maintain Active Directory  ? Create dynamic distribution lists, groups, etc using Microsoft PowerShell Technical Writer CenterGrid - Hamilton, OH September 2016 to April 2017 Composed comprehensive content for a variety of clients.  ? Developed a variety of technical documents and materials for multiple target audiences.  ? Published online content and provided marketing copy.  ? Documented and wrote policies and procedures for the Network Operating Center  ? Created brochures, manuals, handbooks, and training materials for the NOC.  ? Proofread and edited preexisting documentation for grammar and readability.  ? Met with engineers and other industry experts to ensure accuracy and precision. IT Program Training Specialist United Audit Systems, Inc - Cincinnati, OH August 2015 to July 2016 Provide thorough support and problem resolution for Windows, network connectivity, and problems associated with software and hardware errors.  ? Maintain network security by configuring firewall rules, web content filtering, user administration, malware detection and prevention.  ? Train new employees on the remote desktop and explain each application clearly and efficiently.  ? Install software applications, hardware devices, update software and hardware drivers as needed, and upgrade the BIOS in each computer.  ? Install and maintenance local printers, setup network printers, and configure the printer servers.  ? Perform daily back-ups, virtual machine maintenance and updates, as well as inventory check. Education High school or equivalent Skills PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, PMP, Microsoft Office Admin (6 years), Helpdesk (7 years), Hardware (7 years), Network Administration (7 years), Wordpress (3 years), Purchasing (6 years), Budget Management (4 years), Hardware Installation (7 years)