Supply Chain Project Manager Supply Chain <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Supply Chain Project Manager - Microsoft Bellevue, WA Work Experience Supply Chain Project Manager Microsoft - Seattle, WA January 2019 to Present Worked with a cross-functional team to drive improvement in inventory controls for Microsoft Devices globally (Xbox, Surface, Accessories, Games and Software) $2bn inventory.  * Facilitated the Aged and Excess Forum to identify and disposition Aged and Excess inventory.  * Solved for $53M of at-risk inventory over 2 quarters.  * Drove process improvements to CARE Exchange at-risk inventory, DC Damage Inventory, Retail Stores Aged and Excess (Online and B+M).  * Designed changes to PowerBI Dashboards to drive actionable business intelligence for LOB Supply Strategists to make better inventory decisions.  * Facilitated the Inventory Control Forum to address system and inventory issues globally including Store Inventory, Consignment Inventory, Gross Unit Variance, Aged in Direct Ship.  * Execute Supply Strategist inventory decisions through liquidation and scrap partners and managing orders from Distribution Center Supply Chain Analyst Omni ePartners - Seattle, WA January 2018 to November 2018 Functioned as the operations data analyst delivering solutions for clients and internal stakeholders to develop business strategy, solve for issues in pricing and demand and identify and capitalize on inefficiencies in the marketplace.  * Manage inventory and provide logistical solutions for over 80 brands on Amazon and other e-commerce platforms.  * Building and implementing forecasting and automation tools to increase the efficiency of the ops team and improving the data-driven insights to the team.  * Implemented SOP procedures and documents to streamline onboarding, training, and operational efficiency of our vendors and new hires.  * Built analytics tools to identify business opportunities for our brands on other fulfillment channels.  * Utilized data-driven insight to improve my personal brand portfolio by 50% over 6 months. Supply Chain Systems Consultant Kocer Consulting and Engineering - Seattle, WA August 2017 to October 2017 Worked with client stakeholders to identify and document gaps in the current process flow as well as system inefficiencies. Utilized Lean methodologies to streamline processes and define new best practice procedures to eliminate waste, and rework throughout the client organization.  * Conducted a time study to build a staffing analysis to optimize warehouse operations.  * Mapped out current process with client partners to identify gaps and designed an optimized process flow using lean and six-sigma methodologies.  * Designed and implemented new facility layouts to increase inventory accuracy and efficiency while reducing defects and errors.  * Utilized advanced analytics to create metrics for quality, accuracy and efficiency.  * Managed selection process for new ERP and WMS systems.  * Supported training for client sites on new processes and systems. Quality Assurance Team Lead TATA Consultancy Services - Seattle, WA June 2016 to August 2017 Served as a key member of software development team as the lead QA tester on development projects. Supervised onshore development team and offshore testing teams in day-to-day operations and implemented quality-assurance and quality-control methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards, federal regulations and customer specifications.  * Managed testing processes for 12 project releases involving 6 distinct onshore (US-based) and offshore (India-based) teams.  * Handled all aspects of resolving defects and issues on all 12 projects.  * Transitioned two projects from manual testing to automated testing processes, accelerating testing processes timeframes by over 30%.  * Performed system, unit, performance, load, regression, stress and data interface testing. Provided client developer teams with detailed reports on quality metrics, identified bugs/flaws and recommended fixes.  * Coordinated cross-team communication between India and US-based development teams and the U.S.-based client.  * Managed training and knowledge transfer processes for new offshore team members (5).  * Facilitated the GoIT event in Seattle promoting STEM education to middle school students  * TATA CSR Employee of the Month Award (May 2017). Systems Analyst Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) - Seattle, WA August 2015 to June 2016 Worked closely with client Project Managers and Business Analyst to define application problems. Work with Key stakeholders internally to map systems requirements. Train team on the issue and the proposed changes, Identify the necessary resources needed to deliver changes successfully.  * Partnered with Business Analysts, Developers, QA Testers, and Business personnel to deliver first-time-right projects.  * Developed complex System Requirements Documents analyzing the existing and desired functionality of the system at the client site.  * Focus on the Personal Insurance domain and passed AINS 21 Certification and 3 internal TCS Insurance Certifications.  * Selected from among more than 200 Seattle-based company personnel to represent TCS at their GoIT Student Technology Program to advance STEM education among middle school-aged female students. SOX IT Intern Assurant Health - Milwaukee, WI May 2014 to February 2015 * Performed 2014 SOX ITGC Testing and implemented new testing procedures within organization.  * Implemented a new template design for tracking resulting in more efficient testing and 25% decrease in turnaround time.  * Worked within Risk and Advisory Services Team to implement new testing procedures to increase testing accuracy and tracking.  * Worked directly with PwC and SOX council to test and implement new controls resulting in increased organizational oversight.  * Selected to train 2 new SOX Interns. Strategic Sourcing Intern Snap-on Tools - Milwaukee, WI August 2014 to December 2014 6-month Co-op through the Supply Chain Program. Given a commodity category (MRO Electrical Components) to analyze, identify issues and implement a solution for the category. Managed current vendors, and oversaw bidding process to incorporate additional vendors. Evaluated bids, negotiated commodity pricing and created a new tracking system to put the company in the best position to effectively manage the category moving forward.  * 1 of 12 Marquette University Supply Chain Operations students (of 130 applicants) selected to participate in the Applied Procurement Program for Operations and Supply Chain Management majors.  * Developed and implemented a detailed spend analysis and tracking methodology for future optimization with important stakeholders to ensure future spend data is collected.  * Created a comprehensive procurement strategy within the category to reduce spend and increase efficiency.  * Total value created: $100,000 across category while maintaining all organizational performance metrics, with additional future savings generated because of tracking policies and sourcing strategy that were implemented as a direct outcome of the project. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Operations and Supply Chain Management Marquette University - Milwaukee, WI August 2011 to August 2015 Bachelor's in Information Technology Marquette University - Milwaukee, WI August 2011 to May 2015 Bachelor's in Summer International Business Study Universiteit Antwerpen - Antwerp, BE May 2014 to June 2014 Skills Inventory, Erp, Logistics, Buying, Procurement, Business operations, Operations, Data analytics, Enterprise resource planning, Systems development, Mapping, Ms access, Sql, Sox, Tableau, Qa testing, Process design, Excel, Ms excel, Qa, Supply Chain, Apics, SCM Additional Information SKILLS AND INTERESTS  PowerBI, Inventory Controls, International Project Management, Agile Project Management, Tableau, MS Access, SQL, Salesforce, Enterprise Resource Planning, ERP Implementation, Process Design & Mapping, Expert MS Excel, Data Analytics, Sourcing Strategy, Business Operations Strategy, Buying/ Procurement, Inventory Analysis, Logistics, Additive Manufacturing, Systems Development, SOX ITGC Testing, QA Testing, Offshore Resource Management.