Project Manager/Construction Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Construction <span class="hl">Manager</span> Fremont, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager/Construction Manager Golden Brick Construction - Fremont, CA March 2018 to Present • Develops a cost-effective plan and schedule for completion of project following a logical pattern for utilization of resources.  • Minimizes exposure and risk by implementing and audits safety standards and quality assurance controls.  • Coordinates work of subcontractors working on various phases of multiple projects.   • Review architectural and engineering drawings to make sure that all specifications and regulations are being followed.  • Tracks and controls construction schedule and associated costs to achieve completion of projects within time and monies allocated.  • Manages day to day operational and tactical aspects of construction projects in a supervisory role  • Manages day to day client interactions and tactical aspects of multiple construction projects. Conducts project meetings.  • Proactively identifies changes in project scope and ensures appropriate measures are taken. Healthcare/ IT Recruiter Quadrant Inc - Reston, VA August 2016 to January 2018 • Participate in full-life cycle recruiting activities for our client engagements.  • Develops a recruitment/marketing plan to source and recruit IT and Healthcare applicants.  • Identifies proactive sourcing strategies through utilization of social media sites, niche job boards and nursing specialty boards.  • Develops and maintains relationships with colleges/universities.  • Tracks source of applicants.  • Develops creative strategies to attract talent.  • Conducts behavior based interviewing skills and analyzes applicants attributes to match the needs within each facility.  • Assists with onsite interviewing and follow up steps to a successful hiring status.  • Collaborate with Account Managers to develop a comprehensive sourcing and recruiting strategies for ongoing staffing of Healthcare requirements  • Identify and evaluate Healthcare professionals for client engagements  • Manage, document, track candidate flow via applicant tracking system  • Develop and create best practices as they pertain to Healthcare and IT recruiting strategies  • Negotiate and close employment offers with prospective candidates  • Oversee onboarding process for prospective employees from start to finish Multicultural Executive Host Caesars Entertainment Corporation - Baltimore, MD August 2015 to August 2016 • Responsible for generating casino revenue through development of VIP accounts while maximizing existing revenue streams utilizing our active databases and implementing creative marketing programs.  • Maintains relationships with VIP guests through personal contact by phone and in person with the ultimate goal of maximizing gaming revenue goals as set by the management team.  • Coordination as needed with VIP Hospitality team to lead to successful delivery of pre-trip itinerary; leveraging partnerships throughout the property (Gaming, Hotel, Food & Beverage, etc.) to maximize smooth, high end service delivery.  • Handles difficult guests and situations in a calm, professional and prudent manner.  • Fully complies with all applicable rules, regulations, laws and policies, and conducts themselves with highest levels of integrity and honesty. Recruitment/Account Manager Grant Associates Inc - New York, NY April 2013 to August 2015 • Develop and implement strategic initiatives for recruiting diverse talent in a multi-site organization.  • Manage full cycle recruiting process to meet the various staffing goals.  • Develop strong relationships and partner with hiring manager, business leaders, and HR.  • Actively participate in all staffing related activities and engage in cross function projects.  • Market staffing and training services to employers in key industries to secure new accounts and job openings.  • Experience sourcing candidates through multiple channels including sourcing, job boards, cold-calling, referrals and networking.  • Screen qualified candidates according to the job requirements; refer them to interviews and follow-up with the employer.  • Expand relationships with existing business customers and market additional services that would benefit them.  • Proficient with MS Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, social media, commercial job boards, and applicant tracking databases.  • Meet monthly placement targets and report on results.  • Other HR related duties as assigned by the Human Resources Manager Player Development Asian Marketing Coordinator Foxwoods Resort Casino July 2011 to July 2012 • Attract and retain VIP guests by developing and coordinating special events/ promotions.  • Responsible for the scheduling and ticketing arrangements of premium patrons for major events.  • Utilized interpersonal skills to work professionally with patrons and team members.  • Managed the auditing invoices monthly for the VIP bus programs.  • Creator and instructor of a new stable training procedure for the expected new hires.  • Allocated complimentary accommodations based on the evaluations of players' ratings. Education B.A. in Psychology and Chinese Studies State University of New York at Albany - Albany, NY May 2011 Skills EXCEL (2 years), OUTLOOK (2 years), POWERPOINT (2 years), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  • Fluent in Mandarin and Fujianese dialect.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, and Excel).