Receptionist / Special Project Assistant Receptionist / Special <span class="hl">Project</span> Assistant Receptionist / Special Project Assistant - Tchoupitoulas Partners Houston, TX Strengths include the ability to work well with everyone with in the company and  develop relationships for future business outside of the company. Recognized for my  positive attitude, problem solving skills, and the expertise to details. Ability to support  people in keeping a positive attitude, being a team player, maintaining multiple tasks  simultaneously. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Receptionist / Special Project Assistant Tchoupitoulas Partners 2016 to Present • Manage all incoming and outgoing packages.  • Assembling new files, tracking and organization of all confidential materials.  • Managing incoming calls, relaying messages, setting appointments and greeting  incoming appointments.  • Managing special projects, set up vendor accounts, set appointments at location,  overseeing any construction work done at assigned properties. Parts Sales / Parts Department Manager 3P Sports Cycle Center 2016 to 2016 • In store sales and keeping parts department organized and clean.  • Managing race events at various locations.  • Manage parts department schedule, sales and inventory at events.  • Greeting customers, make sure they receive special orders, answering phones,  following up with customers after motorcycle purchases.  • Attending sales meetings, meet sales quota's, organize fun events in shop and out of shop. Bartender / Bar Manager Concert Pub Galleria 2009 to 2016 • Customer service, making sure customer is enjoying their service and environment.  • Managing customers on main bar with service well and food service.  • Managing staff members bank on shift.  • End of night duties, counting all staff members banks, checking all paper work.  • Bank drops, Batching, and Bank deposits.  • Managing reservations both parties and bands. IT Specialist Revention point of sale 2014 to 2015 • Assisting customers via phone with software and hardware training or repair.  • Keeping dialog of customer repairs, software updates, voice calls, requests, and setting onsite repairs or training.  • Managing call volume through call que while making sure customers issues  were resolved correctly and recorded in customer profile.  • Advancing any issues to a senior tech that needed further assistance.  • Assisting customers with new hardware setup instore and in office via phone. Education Microsoft Office 365, Power Point, Excel, Outlook, Visio, Bomgar, Revention POS, Digital Dining POS, Micros POS Houston Community College - Houston, TX 2008 Skills Microsoft Office, Scheduling, Organizational Skills, Data Entry, training, Outlook, Billing, Marketing, Office Management Certifications/Licenses Notary Public January 2018 to January 2022