Management Consultant Management Consultant Management Consultant New York, NY Poised and driven military veteran with 8 years of leadership and project management experience. Proven track record of leading IT initiatives for HR/Legal/Finance portfolios. Able to utilize analytics and data to make business decisions. Strong decision-making ability in a fast-paced supply chain, logistics, and information technology environment. Self-starter who is detailed oriented and needs little guidance to accomplish tasks. I am a dog owner so caring for an animal specifically a dog is near and dear to me as a dog parent. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Management Consultant Accenture - New York, NY February 2019 to Present Developed and implemented a new intake process for managing request which improved response time by 10% and customer satisfaction by 30%.    Facilitated workshops for multiple C-suite clients which led to the signing of multiyear service management contracts worth more than $6 million.     Redesigned the company’s website to make it more user friendly, which improved user satisfaction by 60%.   Operations Manager WALLENIUS WILHEMSEN SOLUTIONS May 2018 to January 2019 Managed a team of 14 direct reports to conduct logistical and maintenance activities.    Increased gross profit by 5% for 3 consecutive months.  Implemented new automated processes for a startup operation that improved efficiencies and production by 20%.    Planned and executed cost saving projects/initiatives that saved my customer $18,000 in operating expenses. Which was 10% higher than target savings for the year. IT Supervisor ERIE INSURANCE - Erie, PA October 2016 to May 2018 Led, managed and developed a multi-functional team of 14 IT professionals.    Developed and managed high-profile, influential, and collaborative relationships with third party vendors and cross functional business partners.  Improved the overall service level of all software applications by 3% from 94% to 97%.    Negotiated 3 software contract renewals that totaled approximately $1.4 million dollars and saved the company $70,000. General Manager (Executive Officer) US ARMY - Fort Bragg, NC February 2014 to August 2016 Oversaw the safety, discipline, and training readiness of 72 soldiers.    Managed all administrative, maintenance, logistics, and training support functions of the company worth $40 million.    Earned an operational readiness rate that rested 4% higher than the Army's standard.    Developed a tracking system and executed a plan of action that reduced $200,000 worth of equipment and weapon shortages. Senior Consultant (Liaison Officer) US ARMY - Fort Bragg, NC March 2013 to February 2014 Ranked #2 of 24 lieutenants on annual performance report; recommended for accelerated promotion.    Coordinated and planned training on C-130 and C-17 aircrafts, which was used as a mandatory quarterly training event for each unit in my organization.  Built relationships with the Special Forces community; which led to unique training opportunities for my organization. And a total budget savings of $98,000. Project Manager (Platoon Leader) US ARMY - Fort Bragg, NC April 2012 to March 2013 Oversaw the safety, discipline, and training readiness of 36 soldiers.    Developed physical fitness program that raised my Soldier's fitness scores by an average of 50 points.  Planned and coordinated live demonstrations of weapon capabilities to U.S. Senators, Congressmen and woman, and 4-star generals. Education Systems Management/Systems Engineering UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY - West Point, NY May 2011 Skills BUDGETING, PMP, SIX SIGMA, FINANCIAL PLANNING, Change Management, Organizational Additional Information P&L management  Hiring and Retention    Agile Project Management Methodology  Lean Six Sigma  Financial Planning and Budgeting  Native Spanish speaker    CREDENTIALS AND LICENSES    Certified Project Management Professional (PMP)