Project Manager / Senior Systems Operations Specialist <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Senior Systems Operations Specialist Project Manager / Senior Systems Operations Specialist - National Property Rescue Forest Hills, NY A highly capable and professional individual seeking a challenging IT position. Work Experience Project Manager / Senior Systems Operations Specialist National Property Rescue October 2018 to Present Analyze and update internal business processes.  ? Build out process flows and schemas.  ? Create and monitor all internal and external processes in BPM'online software.  ? Organize and create a proper workplace for the company's CEO and Management to oversee  entire business structure, along with proper reports on every aspect of the company.  ? Combine 5 companies under one "umbrella" in BPM'Online.  ? Plan and configure customer portals for 5 different companies.  ? Create a Customer 360 overview and unique structure to pass clients between companies under  "Umbrella".  ? Coordinate Marketing department with implementation of new strategies and process  automation.  ? Coordinate and Lead IT department with future company's updates and requirements.  ? Monitor all GoDaddy hostings, Websites, GSuite, RingCentral, 50+ BPM'Online workflows, users, access rights.  ? Build company's Hierarchy, and automate processes for all departments. IT Manager/ Web Developer Russian IPTV March 2015 to February 2018 Administer and maintain virtual environment  ? Build a responsive web site with e-commerce integration.  ? Maintain system image templates.  ? Maintain existing server, ensuring servers are updated and backed-up.  ? Troubleshooting, and problem resolution of various desktop, printers, routers, switches, and VPNs.  ? Responsible for the Active Directory infrastructure, design and interface capabilities with other MS products.  ? Respond to user requests.  ? Daily management tasks, (monitoring, maintaining, configuring):  alert/notification system & data backup for non-virtualized systems, policy, management, verification, etc.  ? Schedule system maintenance.  ? Monitoring web sales, exporting total sales documents.  ? Hardware Configurations  ? LAN Connectivity  ? Phone & Online Support  ? User Training/Support IT Specialist and Social network marketer Kartina TV August 2014 to February 2015 Troubleshoot network issues.  ? Maintain IPTV servers.  ? Remote customer TV-Box support.  ? Create and modify users, user database.  ? Manage backups.  ? Troubleshoot site to site.  ? Manage and maintain local office servers.  ? Create and monitor advertisements on all major social networks (English and Russian). Online MMORPG Game Administrator www.l2ini.ru September 2013 to June 2014 Creating and editing Lineage 2 game server on JAVA platform basis.  ? Build a PHP web site with e-commerce and gameserver database integration.  ? Advertising on all major gaming web-sites.  ? Implementing security software into gameserver + DDoS protection.  ? Fixing bugs and errors in real time.  ? Monitoring all online and in-game sales. Education High School Diploma Forest Hills High School - Forest Hills, NY Associate of Business Management in Business Management Queensborough Community College - New York, NY Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science in MGTU Moscow State Technology University - Moscow, RU Skills Active directory, Mysql, Html, Php, Billing, Customer Service, Operation, Excel, Business Development, Business Analysis, Process Development, Business Process Improvement, Business Management, Project Management, Program Management Additional Information ? Good understanding of network topology and troubleshooting network issues.  ? Solid analytical skills - uses logic and reasoning to identify complex problems.  ? Strong computer skills and knowledge of software and online applications, including the following: BPM'Online,  Adobe: Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Lightroom, Bridge, AfterEffects; Microsoft Office, Microsoft Exchange,  Windows Server 2003/2008/2012, Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, VPN, VMware, MySQL, Navicat, Database  management, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript(basics), PHP.  ? Strong knowledge of online marketing on major search engines and social networks.  ? Ability to work in a fast-paced and high volume work environment.  ? High attention to detail, identify opportunities for improvement in client environments.  ? Ambition and drive to do things right the first time.  ? Excellent Communication Skills.  ? Hard working and detailed organization skills.  ? Fully bilingual in English and Russian.  ? Maintain excellent relations with diverse group of people.  ? Self-starter, goal-oriented strategist whose confidence, perseverance and vision promotes success.  ? Outstanding dedication to customer service and well oriented in a customer-driven  environment.  ? High sense of diligence and ability to effectively multi-task several complex assignments with tight  deadlines.  ? Work well in a high pressure environment.    ADDITIONAL SKILLS    Management, Business Analysis, Business Process Building, Automation, Billing, Human Resources, Adobe  Products, PHP, Wordpress, HTML (4 years), CSS3, MySQL (3 year), Windows Server 2003, Windows Server  2008, Quickbooks, Active Directory, Microsoft Office.