Governance, Risk, and Compliance Analyst Governance, Risk, and Compliance Analyst Business / Technology Analysis, Risk & Compliance Cypress, TX ? Strong personal technical background balances an equally strong business/user advocate. Delivered prioritized coordination, requirements gathering / documentation, data modeling, testing and mentoring influence with risk management, vendor and multiple Fortune 100 development and testing team clients.    ? Business data migration / integration and analysis. Critical thinking that includes data integration, integrity and embeds "personalized" resilient balance between business and technical management into the business operating and decision model. Established efficient data tools using advanced Excel experience. Solutions use macros, interactive charting, pivot tables, SQL and dashboards. that are standardized, sustainable, systematic and effective methods to managing business process information.    ? Business and organizational transition and change process. Repeatedly demonstrated the ability to lead and apply "best-of-class" to underperforming and abstract support organizations and produce actionable increases in stakeholder value.    ? Demonstrated consistent, strong business acumen and creativity in identifying and translating actionable requirements into value-add opportunities for optimization, growth and profitability. Consistent value-based business focus using collaborative agile and waterfall management skills. Skills include developing, executing testing results. managing teams in the gathering /writing of business case requirements, business cases, functional specification design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures. Work Experience Governance, Risk, and Compliance Analyst US Homeland Security - Cyber Emergency Response Team May 2014 to Present CERT membership is an unpaid partnership with government, industry, law enforcement, and academia to improve the security and resilience of computer systems and networks. My role is focused on problems that have widespread cybersecurity implications and develop assessment / preventative methods to counter large-scale, sophisticated cyber threats.    • Collaborate / teach various business teams on prioritized methods (e.g. NIST, ISO 27K, PCI) to develop and ensure controls are being executed timely and accurately, that they are documented in the repository system with required artifacts.    • Engage with IT process owners to understand process steps (identify, protect, detect, respond, recover), draft procedures using MS Visio, MS Word, etc., and drive toward completed documentation that aligns with the IT Governance Risk Compliance (GRC) program    • Engage policy and procedure owners as necessary to ensure deadlines are met, approvals obtained, guidelines followed, and repository / system of record are up-to-date as defined by the IT GRC program    • Coordinate execution of control mechanisms and testing against technical procedures via requests to technical owners ServiceNow Systems Business Analyst Unisys July 2018 to July 2019 * Lead state government clients (Kansas, Virginia, Georgia) in eliciting and documenting business, cyber security, ITIL business and system requirements for ServiceNow IT service management (ITIL) capabilities    * Delivered fast time-to-value  ? Extensive use of visualization and process decomposition mapping  ? Drove major process re-engineering efforts by leading business owners to define future state processes by conducting process design/requirements workshops.  ? lead definition of to-be processes diagrams, identify use-cases and build sequence diagrams    * Help clients sort through their capabilities and apply them to create value and solution understanding.  ? Drove process definition, requirements gathering, re-engineering, improvement and gap analysis of current/to-be processes with system architects, 3rd party vendors and internal stakeholders.  ? Accountable for requirements verification, validation using process flow diagrams, roles/responsibilities, workshop agendas, presentations, gap analysis, and user acceptance test scripting.    * Provide ITSM guidance to a wide variety of technical and non-technical staff based on prioritized SDLC implementation of to-be processes  ? Solutions include hybrid cloud, Incident Management, Service Catalog, Change Management, Configuration Management, Service Agreement management.    * Completing, developing and improving required documentation such as prioritized project roadmap, user stories, process flow diagrams, roles/responsibilities, workshop agendas, presentations, gap analysis reports, federal cybersecurity compliance, and system interfaces Information Governance, Risk & Compliance Business Analyst Chevron ITC August 2016 to July 2017 Prioritize, direct and coordinate the international efforts of a Risk Portfolio of more than 87 technology asset "types", 50 cyber security analysts, 9 cross-functional project teams in 5 countries, and subject matter experts and ensure timely execution of 2,487 risk control activities.    * Extended RSA Archer's analytical capabilities with additional customized self-directed reporting dashboard and KPI reporting for multiple projects and cross functional teams to ensure complete, accurate communication. Made frequent use of iViews, reports, notifications and advanced Excel tools (Pivots, lookups, macros, etc.)    * Deliver management and Internal Audit timely compliance assurance (includes evidence) over Chevron's Security and Access management.    * Organized and managed governance results into four CISSP cyber security model of 1- Security & Risk Management 2- Asset Management security 5- ID & Access Management 6- Security Assess/Testing. Risk-based activities are mapped to NIST, SANS and ISO 27K practices.    * Primary information tool used is RSA Archer GRC. Managed the principal security focus of data loss prevention, specifically using the CIA risk model of data continuity (data Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability).    * Extensive use the Archer and Excel tools for data analysis, calculation, reporting, notification, testing and workflow framework. Managed oversight includes Policy, Risk, Compliance, Audit remediation, Assets, Vendor and Business continuity. Board Member / Chief Operations Officer (pro bono) My Veteran Community, inc July 2015 to May 2017 Business / Market Analysis:  * Identify, assess and quantify transitioning military and veteran personnel support organizations, community stakeholders and support processes. The accomplished intent was focused on the actionable integration of multiple technology projects and resources that measurably train, mentor and sustain American veteran civilian transition.  * Lead the analytical formalizing of Business Requirements documents which included workflow processes, tools, and assessments required to create or maximize value. Articulate the use of Key Performance Indicators (KPI) into the non-profit efforts.    Legal/Financial:  * Successfully incorporated and received the 501c3 status from IRS.  * Established banking/donation/bookkeeping / reporting systems  * Won a $120,000 grant from Google corporation  * Establish and coordinate business partnerships with 27 key long-term providers    Project Leadership: Managed complex project activities and organizational processes and change, that embed resilient quality GRC assurance management into the business operation and decision model  * Communicate and mentored project teams to ensure alignment with business goals and objectives and assist with decision making and prioritization;  * Provide guidance and oversite to team members and vendor partners regarding process, business rules, risk control and mitigation. This forms the basis of continuous improvement and quality assurance. IT Governance, Risk & Compliance Business Analyst Chevron North America February 2015 to July 2015 Mid-Continent  * Significant input to the Functional Requirement documentation and influence of the roadmap and launch of a holistic cyber security and IT control framework in RSA Archer eGRC. Personal knowledge of combining technology and business requirements was of critical value.    * Gathered, organized and applied problem-solving skills to the collaborative efforts of multiple teams of stakeholders (data stewards, vendor management, owners and management). Made extensive use of advanced Excel data analysis features to import, validate, transform, assess, prioritized, filtered and examined current cyber security data in multiple user-directed perspectives, risks and authoritative sources for over 100 technologies and 7,000 compliance tasks.    * Coordinated and mapped risk compliance policies, procedures, technologies and compliance activities with dashboard reporting of Key Risk Indicators (KRI), Key Performance Indicators (KPI). This resulted in creating a simplified, self-directed and results-driven perspectives using iViews and advanced Excel models. Each conforming to numerous authoritative standards (e.g. NIST 800-53, ISO27000, Co Bit, ITIL).    * Working closely with Deloitte & Touché to simplify operational control management and ensure risk control and test script systems are properly designed and operating effectively.    * Heavily influenced the measurable outcomes of documenting, classifying / simplifying cyber controls, self-assessments, Gap analysis, KPI reporting, capturing audit results and organizing remediation efforts. Personally coordinated, mapped and created import-ready data migration loads for the new RSA Archer eGRC platform. Industrial Control Systems Business & Risk Business Analyst Chevron Phillips Chemical April 2014 to November 2014 Empowered management with the creation of a holistic cyber security risk and control-based roadmap and framework for 31 industrial control processes that conforms to specific OSA, NIST and NERC CIP standards.    * Developed the requirements trace-ability matrix, which documented the Responsible Accountable Consulted and Informed elements of business - technology risk management.    * Proactively increased efficiency and effective of cyber risk management by gathering disparate metrics analyzing commonalities, gap analysis and delivering a self-directed, multi-level dashboard for cyber risk control, assessment and reporting. Common use of advanced SQL and Excel (macros, Pivots, etc.)    * Empowered all staff, team leads, and management to engage, measure, track and trend the effective impact of summarized (i.e. Key Risk Indicators (KRI), Key Performance Indicators (KPI) or successively detailed data. (work efforts, vulnerabilities, priorities, risks, locations, systems, etc.)    * Extensive use of advanced Excel capabilities for compliance assessments, status, and data analysis dashboard-based reporting: multi-data migration connections (extract, transform, load); data validation, verification, reconciliation; pivot tables, vlookup, macro-enablement solutions, summarization Business and Software Governance Business Analyst Halliburton May 2013 to December 2013 * Reduced the cost of internal development by 35% by using a business-transformational portfolio-approach of structured reusable coding, workflows with logical and physical asset management.    * Led business and technology stakeholders in formal requirements gathering / validation. Assessed, prioritized and delivered measurable and actionable results over the architecture, software design, deployment, and data standards over multi-company project lifecycle    * Managed multiple Agile (User Story, Kanban, Sprint) elements including test scripting.    * Led change within the organization; Performed gap analysis to identify areas where changes are needed, provides recommendations and solutions for business process improvements and collaborates with operational managers to implement changes.    * Maximized risk governance performance by defining and ensuring consistent data and coding classification standards, tools, and practices are used to measurably increase efficiency and effectiveness of team using business service and risk elements of ITIL and CobIT.    * Support of internal forensic priorities addressing the capture, response, and mitigation of cyber events. Project Lead Analyst / Air Liquide Implementation Business January 2013 to April 2013 * Managed the project Requirement Specification, planning, scheduling, monitoring, KPI reporting, and implementing multiple advanced business-focused, technology projects in a PMO environment. Extensive use of advanced SQL and Excel (macros, pivot table, validations, multi- project consolidations, testing/results dashboard reporting, etc.)    * Achieved and resolved issues over project planning, risk management and coordination of cross-functional team activities to manage and implement Oracle manufacturing (MRP) and Maximo Asset  Management / Workflow solutions from requirements gathering to their operational stage.    * Led client in formalizing the gap analysis, tools and processes needed to understand the means and methods to create or maximize stakeholder (business) value. Articulate leading business issues and trends using Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).    * Analyzed, documented and validated business stakeholder current state / future state requirements. This is followed up by a gap analysis and translated into technical specifications for configuration or development    * Tracked certification and accreditation of multiple system configurations and change management, testing (test plans/scripts), and training of various project deliverables    * Develop the requirements trace-ability matrix, which documented through each phase of the project life-cycle. Personal knowledge of combining technology and business requirements was of critical value.    * Identified and managed risk while giving extensive client value by ensuring extensive go-live testing, reconciling records, test scripts and governance over CAVR (Completeness, Accuracy, Valuation, and Restriction of access) ERP Implementation Project Manager City of Missouri City November 2011 to November 2012 Managed a 47-member team and personally answerable to city management for the scope, budget, roadmap of complete and concurrent implementation and integration of multiple innovative and business-focused ERP system solutions and disparate vendor, internal teams and project stakeholders.    • Achieved / resolved issues over the full life cycle implementation of multiple vendors (including Tyler Munis & Incode Technologies, Sungard Public), often with conflicting demands, and strong personalities.    • Managed the vendor, financial, scheduling, personnel, project costing, KPI reporting, delivery and ultimate launch of numerous cohesive systems:    Municipal court admin. Jail Management - Accounts Payable  911 Emergency Response Records Management - Procure-to-pay system  Fire & Police dispatch / admin. Public Works / work orders - Contract / Compliance  Facility Mgt / work orders Finance / Accounting - Project Accounting  Human Resources - Fixed Assets  Data classification - Data management - General Ledger    • Facilitated requirements sessions and gap analysis to identify and validate requirements with IT and business stakeholders. Deliver appropriate artifacts for assigned projects based on program guidelines including prioritized product roadmap, process models, use cases, user stories, context diagrams, business rules, decision models, reporting requirements, and others as needed.    • Provide guidance and oversite to team members and vendor partners regarding  • process / decision models & requirements • Reporting requirements  • User stories • validate requirements with stakeholders  • business rules • test scripts and mitigation  • risk control • Waterfall and Agile methodologies    • Support of internal forensics priorities including capture, respond, and mitigation of cyber events. This forms the basis of continuous improvement and quality assurance audits.    • Develop the requirements trace-ability matrix, which documented through each phase of the project life-cycle. Personal knowledge of combining technology and business requirements was of critical value. Education Bachelor of Science in authorship and business Electronic Technology / Texas A&M University Skills Cobit, Iso, Itil, Nist, Pci, Sox, Change control, Application implementation, Change management, Configuration management, System development, Visio, Data analyst, Data conversion, Oracle, Oracle financials, Sdlc, Erp, Etl, Pivot tables Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/MarkKishbaugh Certifications/Licenses CISA CISSP CISM MCSE OCP Assessments Spreadsheets with Microsoft Excel — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate’s Microsoft Excel knowledge including common tools, PivotTables, conditional & nested formulas, and custom visuals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/c33pqmwf3l-vgd6l Data Analysis — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qkb6pwahnds4yp9r Search Engine Optimization — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to interpret online website performance metrics and understand search engine optimization tactics. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/g6gnqymool183kw2 Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/deuqlqsnhayq5mco Scheduling — Expert August 2019 Cross-references agendas and itineraries to avoid scheduling conflicts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dca1ad7cca6lo40w Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.