Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - First American Title Insurance Company Scottsdale, AZ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager First American Title Insurance Company - Scottsdale, AZ July 2018 to Present Project Manager on the Strategic Initiatives Delivery team. Oversaw and managed all Mergers and Acquisition projects for First American that was related to the finance and accounting integration activities across multiple functional areas.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Collaborated with business sponsor and cross-functional teams to create and execute integration project plans.  ! Developed and maintained the finance and accounting integration playbook  ! Responsible for defining system scope and project objectives to support business needs, as well as define the role and function of each team member in order to effectively coordinate the activities of the team. Project Manager Cerner Corporation - Kansas City, MO April 2017 to July 2018 Served as the Engagement Owner responsible for the Cerner Millennium software implementation process and primary contact for all client-based activities. Managed multiple moderate-to-large size teams of associates with disparate roles. Oversaw and managed the day-to-day operational, business and support aspects of multiple projects and scope that included project planning,  risk assessment and mitigation, resource procurement and allocation, executive relationship building, and client training activities.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Created project plan tasks specific to each work stream with overarching integration tasks project. Initiated and facilitated combined status meeting with all work streams, which resulted in a cohesive communication and unified integration.  ! Managed all financial data, including forecasting, resourcing, and project budget. Prepare monthly financial assessments  for leadership to determine revenue recognition opportunities and financial risks with mitigation plans.  ! Manage multiple client projects simultaneously, focusing on maintaining project timelines and tasks for in flight and new projects to deliver scope of work on time and within budget. Manager Loan Surveillance Department ? KeyBank Corporation - Overland Park, KS November 2015 to April 2017 The Loan Surveillance Department provided loan servicing and asset management for commercial real estate portfolios valuing over $700 million. Led a team of ten Financial Analysts in the process of collecting and analyzing financial statements for our clients and performing risk analysis for the portfolios.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Implemented process and methodology standardizations across the team by providing toolkit and process recommendations.  ! Demonstrated success in project management life cycle for KeyBank's proprietary enterprise system, RECWeb by assisting IT with their implementations.  ! Forged relationships with operational stakeholders and IT staff to effectively and productively implement system updates that streamlined processes for the Surveillance department.  ! Developed new tools that shortened project timeline by using data points to track project phases and milestones. Senior IT Project Analyst Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City - Kansas City, KS March 2015 to November 2015 Serving as the Senior Analyst to coordinate implementations of the Financial Information Repository for the U.S. Treasury. Develop and monitor project budgets, and manage day-to-day project activities. Works closely with the Information Technology staff to follow Agile methodology and ensure completions of project tasks. Composes weekly status reports for each project, which provides a project status dashboard, accomplishments, and objectives. Heavily utilizes SharePoint for project documentation including project risks, decision points, milestones, and deliverables.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Contributing member of the Treasury and Technology Support Division (TSD) project implementation process and methodology standardization team providing toolkit and process recommendations.  ! Demonstrated success in project management life cycle for enterprise system implementations for the Financial Information Repository portal.  ! Led a team of Analysts to redesign and develop a new SharePoint for the entire Division.  ! Researched code review requirements of the U.S. Treasury and saved the Bank $500,000 in project costs due to discovery of a team within the Federal Reserve System that could complete requirements instead of an external vendor. Commercial Real Estate Treasury Analyst Loan Surveillance Department ? KeyBank Corporation - Overland Park, KS August 2014 to March 2015 The commercial real estate expert for the sales team by exhibiting a strong understanding of the commercial real estate landscape and possessing a deep knowledge of working capital to differentiate KeyBank's sales approach and driving revenue.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Constructed working capital analysis for clients and prospects by recommending working capital best practices,  identify obstacles and offsetting solutions.  ! Create guidelines for new sales and service standards within the department.  ! Maintain a high level of product knowledge and excellent customer service skills. Asset Manager Loan Surveillance Department ? KeyBank Corporation - Overland Park, KS August 2011 to August 2014 Mitigated risk by properly evaluating the financial, leasing/occupancy, construction progress to properly risk rate the investment for the bank. Monitored assigned portfolio valuing over 200 million to ensure compliance with specific requirements pursuant to the servicing agreement.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Demonstrated high attention to detail through the preparation of underwriting documentation supporting revenue forecasting, financial health reports and debt service coverage ratios.  ! Perform due diligence on proposed property management companies and assist in evaluation of the market area prior to investment.  ! Property documented and closed transaction deals with legal counsel and third parties. Financial Analyst Loan Surveillance Department ? KeyBank Corporation - Overland Park, KS November 2010 to August 2011 Provided analysis on a portfolio of commercial mortgage loans valuing over $100 million. Monitored the collateral and credit performance and reported to executive leadership, clients, and investors. The point of contact for clients and internal departments to complete applicable requests.    Selected Accomplishments:  ! Responsible for the oversight of property operations by auditing financial statements and providing investors with analysis of the results of property inspections, budget and variance reports.  ! Participated in the review of loan documents for a new portfolio of loans that KeyBank recently acquired.  ! Assigned to be a trainer and mentor within the department. Education Bachelors of Science in Finance Kansas State University - Manhattan, KS Skills Outlook, budget, Scheduling, maintenance, Estimating, Microsoft Project, Word, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) February 2019 to February 2022