QA Analyst QA Analyst QA Analyst Orlando, FL Highly organized, innovative, and strategic professional offering comprehensive experience in leading and managing Software QA and Analytics initiatives.    • Possesses background in Software, Web, and Mobile application testing both in production and Quality Assurance (QA) environments.  • In-depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to include QA documentation such as Test Plans, Designs, Cases, Matrices, and Checklists.  • Excellent organizational skills allow easy switching between projects and tasks.  • Practical knowledge in writing QA documentation such as Test Plans, Test Designs, Test Cases, Test Matrices, Test Summary and Checklists.  • Effective communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written.  • Energetic self-starter capable of strategic planning coupled with the ability to work effectively and efficiently in a fast-paced competitive team environment. Work Experience QA Analyst Red Lobster - Orlando, FL June 2017 to June 2019 - June 2017  • Tested new devices, software tools, new builds, and new processes for functionality and usability.  • Developed and implemented full set of functional test cases for positive/negative, smoke and regression testing.  • Used SQL server 2016 and MSQL Database for creating new databases, maintaining historic databases, and writing SQL queries for validation using JDBC.  • Created, supported and monitored automate requests in SoapUI integrated with Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 and Selenium.  • Created and monitored new deployments utilizing Visual Studio 2015  • Submitted testing results to include bug identification while also providing recommendations for improvement.  • Cross-browser compatibility testing of sites and portals to simulate production environment utilizing - MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Chrome.  • Designed and implemented test cases for manuals and testing.  • Identified and reported defects utilizing Visual Studio bug tracker.  • Participated in regular project team meetings to discuss goals and testing procedure. Software Quality Analyst Red Lobster - Orlando, FL November 2016 to June 2017 • Tested new devices, software tools, new builds, and new processes for functionality and usability.  • Developed and implemented full set of functional test cases for positive/negative and regression testing.  • Used SQL server 2016 and MSQL Database for creating new databases, maintaining historic databases, and writing SQL queries for validation using JDBC.  • Created and monitored new deployments utilizing Visual Studio 2015.  • Submitted testing results to include bug identification while also providing recommendations for improvement.  • Cross-browser compatibility testing of sites and portals to simulate production environment utilizing - MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Chrome.  • Designed and implemented test cases for manuals and testing.  • Identified and reported defects utilizing Visual Studio bug tracker.  • Participated in regular project team meetings to discuss goals and testing procedure. Software Quality Analyst Skynet HealthCare Technologies, Inc - Palm Harbor, FL August 2016 to October 2016 • Tested new devices, software tools, new builds, and new processes for functionality and usability.  • Developed and implemented full set of functional test cases for positive/negative and regression testing.  • Tested mobile application behavior under various scenarios to validated functionality on iOS platform.  • Used SQL server 2016 and MSQL Database for creating new databases, maintaining historic databases, and writing SQL queries for validation using JDBC.  • Created and monitored new deployments utilizing Visual Studio 2015.  • Submitted testing results to include bug identification while also providing recommendations for improvement.  • Cross-browser compatibility testing of sites and portals to simulate production environment utilizing - MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Chrome, Safari and Opera.  • Designed and implemented test cases for manuals and testing.  • Identified and reported defects utilizing Jira bug tracker.  • Conducted log file research using Gygwin 64 Terminal program.  • Participated in regular project team meetings to discuss goals and testing procedure. VP, QA Test Engineer and Analytic EtherFeat LLC - Tampa, FL February 2014 to June 2016 • Provided Operational support to include invoicing and some clerical tasks.  • Submitted testing results to include bug findings while also providing recommendations for improvement.  • Cross-browser compatibility testing of sites to simulate production environment utilizing - MS Internet Explorer, Mozilla, Firefox, Chrome, Safari and Opera.  • Designed and implemented test cases for manuals and testing.  • Developed and implemented full set of functional test cases for positive/negative testing. QA Engineer Programmer ARQA Technologies - Novosibirsk, RU February 2012 to January 2014 • Tested new software tools, new builds, and new processes for functionality and usability.  • Implemented a process that improved efficiency, quality, and productivity.  • Created and maintained a website for the purpose of descriptive and visual clarifications to improve the quality of data the team provided.  • Studied product requirement documents and installation guidelines.  • Developed full set of functional test cases for positive/negative testing.  • Designed test cases for integration testing of a web application and a CRM software.  • Tested mobile application behavior under various interruptions, and validated functionality on Android, Windows and iOS platforms.  • Found and reported defects into ARQA bug tracker.  • Conducted regression testing on new builds and verified bug fixes, analysis and recommendations for improvement.  • Performed weekly acceptance testing of new builds.  • Took part in regular project team meetings to discuss goals and testing procedure.    DiaSoft * Novosibirsk, Russia QA Tester May 2011 to December 2011 • Tested new software tools, new builds, and new processes for functionality and usability.  • Analyzed software requirement specification documents to update a test plan and create a test design.  • Performed GUI, usability, and functional testing. Executed functional end-to-end testing of user workflows.  • Performed browser (IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari) and platform (Windows 7/Vista/ XP) compatibility testing in virtual machine environment.  • Reported and followed bugs, verifying fixes in new releases using the Flextera - bug-tracking software.  • Communicated with QA team members and a remote development team.  • Participated in stand-up meetings to discuss progress and immediate goals.    SibirEnergo * Novosibirsk, Russia IT Analyst, QA May 2010 to August 2010 • Analyzed software requirement specification documents to update a test plan and create a test design.  • Designed test cases for integration testing of a web application and a CRM software.  • Utilized TestRail for organizing test suites and documenting test results.  • Performed functional, GUI, cross-browser, and cross-platform testing.  • Reported and followed bugs, verifying fixes in new releases using the Jira bug-tracking system.  • Communicated with QA team members and a remote development team.  • Participated in stand-up meetings to discuss progress and immediate goals. QA Tester Vinus Payment System "PinPay Express" - Novosibirsk, RU May 2008 to June 2008 • Developed full set of functional test cases for positive/negative testing.  • Performed GUI, usability, and functional testing.  • Logged and tracked found bugs into Bugzilla bug-tracker system.  • Conducted regression testing on new builds and verified bug fixes.  • Performed weekly acceptance testing of new builds.  • Took part in regular project team meetings to discuss goals and testing procedure.    Constanta * Novosibirsk, Russia Project Manager and Head Assistant November 2007 to March 2008 • Project management.  • Executive assistance to president of company.  • Searching for a providing training to directors. Education Master degree in Computer Novosibirsk State Technical University - Novosibirsk, RU September 2001 to June 2007 Bachelor degree in Computer Engineering and Computer Science High Secondary School # - Novosibirsk, RU September 1990 to June 2001