Senior Estimator Senior Estimator Construction Business Systems Analyst Birmingham, AL Over 10+ years of experience managing and supporting teams on multi-million dollar commercial and industrial projects for small, medium, and large-sized businesses generating $5 million to $30 million in annual revenue. Evaluated, developed, and managed systems and processes to improve workplace efficiency and bridge gaps between office and field operations.    Strong team member who brings a future-oriented awareness to problems and solutions and is committed to producing high quality results that builds customer loyalty. Shares unique insights into developing an intimate understanding of organizational and customer needs to effectively achieve the group’s goals. Provides a balanced knowledge of construction operations and technology management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Estimator Vulcan Painters - Bessemer, AL August 2018 to April 2019 • Developed and documented best practices for preconstruction procedures.  • Implemented new standards to reduce internal turnaround times for critical project documents.  (Resulted in a decrease of time spent processing contracts and changes by 33%.)  • Responsible for evaluating workplace efficiency and organizing improvement initiatives. Estimating & Project Management Support DACA Specialty Services - Norcross, GA February 2016 to August 2018 • Addressed in-process scope changes and drawing/specification interpretations.  • Executed and supported the project proposal/bid development process.  • Performed post-job analyses with operations for continuous improvement of project execution.  (Increased bid accuracy company-wide up to 50% by mapping new estimates to historical data.) Senior Estimator & IT Manager Bama Painting - Trussville, AL January 2010 to March 2015 • Converted company from paper-based system to electronic, cloud-based system.  (Reduced reporting mistakes by 67% and overall rework by 25%.)  • Developed custom databases for company use with industry-leading software.  • Supported construction operations and managed internal IT systems. Education Associate in Architectural Technology (AET) Jefferson State Community College - Birmingham, AL Associate in Construction Management Technology (CMT) Jefferson State Community College - Birmingham, AL High school or equivalent in Advanced Academic Diploma Hewitt-Trussville High School - Trussville, AL Skills Business Analysis (6 years), Systems Analysis (6 years), Construction Contracting Law (10+ years), Job Costing (10+ years), Lean Construction (6 years), Preconstruction Management (10+ years), Operations Management (6 years), Process Improvement (6 years), Process Reengineering (6 years), Risk Assessment (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning (6 years), Technical Support (10+ years), Active Learner, Creative Thinker, Direct Communicator, Analytical Reasoning, Business Acumen, Critical Thinking, Decision-Making, Pattern Recognition, Time Management, Problem Solving, Excel, Microsoft Office Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/jholloway9/ Certifications/Licenses Driver's License