Supply Chain Analyst Intern Supply Chain Analyst Intern Supply Chain Analyst Intern Boston, MA I am an Electrical Engineer from IIT Delhi and an MBA '19 from Babson. Prior to Babson, I worked 2 years in Deloitte as an IT consultant  and 4 years as an entrepreneur managing projects. At MITx, I built advanced forecasting methods adjusting for seasonality and trends,  created simulations using Anylogic software, and optimized networks using AMPL. In addition, I am a lifetime member of Beta Gamma  Sigma. BGS has chapters at only the top 5% of business programs, and only the top performing scholars from those programs are  invited.    At Deloitte: I was the first to complete the industry certification, one of the very few with Excel VBA & SQL proficiency and the only  engineer selected for the then largest project in Deloitte that required training in New York. I moved up quickly and was assigned a  more complex project of analyzing large data and modelling a tool using Excel VBA for a $30B pharmacy benefit company. On this  project, I led a cross-functional team from India to work with the team from the US.    As an Entrepreneur, I led with a deep focus on the supply chain and strategy. I procured orders worth 200% of plant capacity, and  managed inventory through demand planning and managed warehouse. To gain a deeper understanding of the business from a  financial perspective, I completed CFA Level I. As an intern for PRMPayments, I mapped the legacy systems to a new technology  navigating through uncertainty and tenaciously figuring out the next steps.    I am excited to bring my leadership skills, supply chain experience and Excel VBA & IT skillset into companies to build and develop  technology driven supply chains. Work Experience Supply Chain Analyst Intern PRM Payments - Boston, MA March 2019 to May 2019 Boston Mar 2019 - May 2019  An analytics consulting company optimizing payment mix and implementing real time payments.  Supply Chain Analyst Intern  • Designed and built a model, using SQL and Excel VBA, which automatically maps the legacy process to the new Real Time Payment  system and synchronize the data. Project Leader - Data Analytics WAYFAIR HACKATHON - Boston, MA March 2019 to April 2019 Communicated a compelling story by analyzing a large dataset to identify patterns, performing statistical techniques to build market  segments and finally developing data visualizations to simplify the raw data using Tableau.  • Comprehended, extracted and cleaned information from the dataset using Alteryx. Project Leader RESTAURANT & PUB - Newton, MA August 2018 to December 2018 Management Consulting Field Experience  • Led a team of 4 undergraduate students to perform qualitative and quantitative market research.  • Increased brand perception, to sustain competitive threat, by developing, piloting and finally implementing a social media strategy.  • Successfully negotiated and managed stakeholder's expectations, ensuring congruence of needs of project, client and team. Analyst Intern CROWNINSHIELD RESEARCH - Boston, MA June 2018 to August 2018 Boston Jun 2018 - Aug 2018  A consulting firm providing expert analysis, testimony and advisory services to nationally recognized law firms and MNCs.  Analyst Intern  • Analyzed using quantitative tools such as regression and hypothesis tests to check for market efficiency of >8$B revenue companies.  • Saved 12%, in time, by initiating and leading a business process improvement by developing an automated tool using VBA. Analytics Consultant, Babson Consulting Alliance Program GLOBAL BOUTIQUE CONSULTANCY - Boston, MA January 2018 to May 2018 an agile team of 5)  • Helped gain profits for a +$3B retail bank. Developed a data analytics strategy managing change in process, organization and people.  • Built an analytics transformation model, applicable for any mature company, through in-depth research, interviews and analysis.    OTHER PROJECTS, SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS  • Certified in Logistics and Supply Chain Management from Gov of India  • Passed CFA Level 1.  • Excel VBA, Tableau, SQL, Java, C++  • ERP: SAP - PP & MM, Alteryx, Financial Models and Pricing.  • Developed a business idea during a ten-day industrial and cultural excursion in Japan. Assessed the market, competition, regulations, and social constructs that help and hurt the business.  • Developed strategies for Huntington Wineries in Boston to increase market share by performing a situation audit of competition, customers, community and industry.  • Certified in Google Analytics, Google Ads Fundamentals and Google Search.  • Learnt Improvisation at Babson Students Against Gravity Club and Performed on stage for a live audience in the first semester.  • Selected (acceptance rate of ~3%) for Jagriti Yatra, a journey for entrepreneurs in India, in 2016. Project Manager, Optimization & Operations SNEHA GROUP OF ORGANISATIONS - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2015 to July 2017 Hyderabad, India Jan 2015 - Jul 2017  A $1.8M conglomerate offering services in finance, media and community service sectors  Project Manager, Optimization & Operations  • Led a team of 14. Generated annual revenue of $80K (44% of established HQ) at the new Hyderabad Branch by customizing products.  • Turned around a project from the brink of failure in 2 months by solving conflicts and promoting trust among vendor and employees.  • Saved 40% in direct costs and improved 15% in productivity by driving the IT project to completion.  • Created and implemented a continuous improvement project to automate reporting increasing employee efficiency by 19%.  • Saved 6% in cost by designing a template to analyze and compare non-standardized vendor quotes for the largest purchase order. Partner, Supply Chain and Project Management MERCAN INDIA - Hyderabad, Telangana January 2016 to June 2017 Hyderabad, India Jan 2016 - Jun 2017  An electrical engineering construction start-up founded in 2016.  Partner, Supply Chain and Project Management  • Sourced and executed turnkey projects, exceeded initial target by 20%, in one year; upgraded to class I vendor.  • Led a team of 18. Communicated vision, promoted collaboration and motivated to push limits through weekly meetings and activities  • Awarded overall best safety proficient sub-contractor from Larsen & Toubro, a $17M conglomerate. Founder and Managing Director - Supply Chain and Operations REY ALUMINIUM - Hyderabad, Telangana May 2013 to January 2015 Hyderabad, India May 2013 - Jan 2015  An aluminum rolled products manufacturing start-up founded in 2013.  Founder and Managing Director - Supply Chain and Operations  • Negotiated purchase orders worth 200% of production capacity from clients such as TTK group - a $450M conglomerate.  • Influenced a gov. bank to invest $150K in me, bypassing their eligibility guidelines. Negotiated one of the least lending rates.  • Challenged the status quo and convinced a 6-member expert panel to re-assign the allotted pollution category, saving money and time on compliances. Thorough due-diligence of licensing contracts helped locate the discrepancy. Operations and IT Consultant DELOITTE AERS INDIA - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2011 to May 2013 • Analyzed a $30B prescription benefit management company's drug claims and modeled a tool to automate claim processing.  • Saved 9% in time by driving continuous improvement through developing a semi-automated mailer tool to speed up reporting.    BABSON PROJECTS Education MA BABSON COLLEGE, F.W. OLIN GRADUATE SCHOOL OF BUSINESS May 2019 BE in Electrical Engineering INDIAN INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY DELHI - Delhi, Delhi May 2011 Skills Supply Chain, Peoplesoft, SCM, ERP Links http://linkedin.com/in/skatikala