Support Engineer Support Engineer Work Experience Support Engineer Microsoft (Experis) November 2018 to Present FastTrack Modern Desktop SME  ? Remotely provide guidance on migration and conversion issues relating to Office 365 products and Windows 10 technologies (SCCM, Office Readiness Toolkit, Office Compatibility Toolkit, Windows Analytics, Ready For Windows).  ? Assist clients with milestones and planning for successful rollouts of Microsoft products in corporate environments ranging from small business to large corporation, with an average adoption rate of 75%.  ? Trained on Microsoft technologies to be a subject matter expert available to assist clients with issues and questions encountered (Team Leader in Level Up internal training program). IT Analyst II/ Project Manager Premtec June 2018 to November 2018 Actively pursued timeline of vendor and construction deliverables, including changes due to delays or design changes, updating peer teams and management on obstacles and projected outcomes.  ? Oversaw infrastructure milestones for a facility representing 6% of total company revenue stream worldwide.  ? Provided assistance and expertise to local and remote users for a range of IT issues, including preparing new hire equipment, remote access, security, break/fix, ordering and inventory, networking, peripheral support, and project planning. Service Engineer Apex Technology Corporation June 2017 to May 2018 Provided guidance and support on a wide variety of issues, including user access and lifecycle, Office 365 administration, hardware/software/virtualization/network break fix, data backup and recovery, and coordination with vendors on complex issues.  ? Maintained timely and accurate schedule of productivity and documentation of all project work for reporting. Field Engineer CNP March 2017 to May 2017 Supported multiple end-user environment for all hardware, software, networking, updating, patching and break/fix issues.  ? Installed, migrated and troubleshot workstations and networking devices in time-sensitive and dynamic environments.  ? Provided support to clients both remotely and in person, throughout the greater Charlotte area. Desktop Engineer Signature Consultants May 2016 to March 2017 Developed Windows10 base image for deployment on all hardware models in enduser environment; ran pilot group within major departments to identify issues and concerns.  ? Supported end-user environment for all software, networking, inventory and peripheral issues, used SysAid ticketing system for workflow tracking.  ? Worked on projects for IT deployment, including hardware upgrades/repairs, migration and hardware refresh.    ADDITIONAL ENTERPRISE EXPERIENCE Workstation Engineer Lenovo October 2012 to February 2013 Created, customized and tested device images and BiOS captures for a wide variety of hardware, to provide corporate customers with outstanding out-of-box experience for end users. Trained extensively on Lenovo methodology and instruction. Field Administrator ValueOptions April 2009 to October 2012 Provided complete support for local site and remote users, from start to end, enduser to network infrastructure, on all IT related matters, with an emphasis on efficiency and expediency. Conducted daily administration, break/fix, corporate project initiatives and data management autonomously. Nominated for W.O.W. (Wonderfully Outstanding Worker) awards five times between 2010 and 2012. Desktop Migrator Progress Energy (TekSystems) - Raleigh, NC May 2003 to November 2003 surveyed endusers in corporate headquarters, local offices and substations, to gather information regarding hardware, operating system deploymentand software dependencies, in order to upgrade entire operation from a mixture of Windows98 and Windows2000 to WindowsXP. Team coordinated to complete the corporate timeline in three separate regions to meet migration goals successfully. Deskside Surveyor Team Lead Glaxo Smith Kline March 2002 to June 2002 Provided mentorship and training to a group of three deskside surveyors, as part of the GSK initiative to move from Exchange (MS Outlook) to Domino (Lotus Notes), to collect information, educate users and work with corporate timeline to migrate users with minimal impact. Personally performed migration appointments with all senior leadership (EVP level and higher) due to professionalism and high touch background. Desktop Support Technician Manpower March 2001 to January 2002 Trained under senior technicians for GE Corporate "Six Sigma" influenced IT methodology, and provided outstanding customer service to endusers for break/fix, remote support, hardware refreshes and migrations. Given customer service award in recognition of excellence above and beyond expectation. Education Bachelor of Arts in Psychology The University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill, NC Skills Desktop Support, Linux, Active Directory, Tech Support, MSP