IT Business Analyst / Associate Product Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst / Associate Product Analyst IT Business Analyst / Product Analyst Austin, TX Experienced and results driven Senior Business Analyst and Product Manager with experience in managing projects that improve overall business productivity and architecture with both Agile and Waterfall. These efforts have strengthened customer relationships and improved overall business efficiencies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Analyst / Associate Product Analyst Dimensional Fund Advisors - Austin, TX January 2017 to Present • Business Requirement alignment with Microsoft 365 Products.  • Product management of Microsoft Products.  • Technical Requirements for Architecture changes.  • KPI for O365 Adoption.  • Creation of testing plans for firm for multiple Microsoft modernization products.  • Functional Owner of Office 2016, OneDrive for Business, Windows 10, and PowerBI.  • Change management process owner for SAAS model.  • Business Process Flow owner for Microsoft support models. Senior Business Analyst / IT Project Manager (PMO) Emerson Process Management - Austin, TX May 2015 to January 2017 • Work within Instance Acceptance Testing team to provide insight in process improvement and efficiency  • Gathering of requirements for Project implementation as well as for Continuous Testing Projects  • Capital Planning with AR's  • Edge Application Integration Project Manager for Oracle R12 upgrade  • Build Document requirements and specifications for developers  • Liaison between Business Units and multiple teams for functionality and issues.  • Effectively plan for strategic projects and any risks that may be associated with other projects going through testing cycle.  • Improvement and management of existing templates and processes  • Facilitate new hire training  • Building schedule for Instance Refreshes and Instance Acceptance Testing.  • Managing interviewing process of Project Coordinators, Project Managers and Business Analysts  • Working within IAT to be more collaborative with other teams within Emerson  • Leads the coordination for the design, testing, planning, and implementation of complex projects for systems that impact many users.  • Present written reports defining issues that are going into any given IAT based of projects participating in IAT IT PMO Project Coordinator (PMO) Emerson Process Management - Austin, TX March 2014 to May 2015 • Produce IT PMO weekly and monthly reporting  • Coordination of projects in 3, 6, 12 and 18 month durations  • Work on project plans with Microsoft Project and testing out new Project Management Tools that will be implemented company wide.  • Build new reports for functional teams to better relationships between business units  • Building schedule for Instance Refreshes and Instance Acceptance Testing.  • Project Manager of small Oracle Projects.  • Managing System Testing Lifecycle of Oracle Projects  • Work on preventing and removing obstacles during testing cycles.  • Support single global instance of Oracle that consist of over 20,000 users  • Prevent and remove obstacles to protect production  • Manage project team sites on SharePoint Senior Analyst/ Project Management - Sales Operations Verizon Wireless - Houston, TX October 2012 to February 2014 • Work closely with senior leadership to maximize productivity by developing and supporting regional sales and operational initiatives.  • Ran weekly reporting for churn and daily sales analysis.  • Managed projects and preformed UAT testing for new system launches of Quote Tool, SFDC and Ordering Management.  • Worked on projects to cut cost's.  • Provide system support and act as main point of contact for all business-to-business systems including ordering, contracts, customer discounts and tracking of leads.  • Establish and maintain working relationships with regional and area peers for systems, processes and best practices to ensure that the region's needs are being communicated Business Sales Associate Verizon Wireless - Austin, TX 2010 to September 2012 Responded to requests from field sales staff with proposals, marketing information. Education Bachelor of Science in Marketing in Marketing California Baptist University 2008 Skills Active Directory, security, testing, access Certifications/Licenses Driver's License