Developer 3 Developer 3 Developer 3 - Donnelley Financial Solutions Lancaster, PA Work Experience Developer 3 Donnelley Financial Solutions - Lancaster, PA May 2017 to Present ? Debugging and programming workflows in Satori, XML, SQL, C#, DataScript, and PostScript  ? Maintaining functioning server environments and workflows with testing  ? Troubleshooting errors, issues, and workflow complications in a collaborative approach for a department of 16 programmers  ? Working directly with project managers and customer service representatives to help solve their issues Technical Project Manager Listrak, Inc - Lititz, PA May 2016 to May 2017 ? Managed multiple client accounts and projects for HTML website development  ? Debugged general issues the client had with their website implementation  ? Facilitated client understanding of services, onboarding process, and problem solving IT Lead of Support Staff R.R. Donnelley - Lancaster, PA March 2012 to May 2016 May 2017 to Present  ? Debugged and programmed workflows in XML, SQL, C#, DataScript and PostScript  ? Engaged in testing of server environments and workflows  ? Managed a staff of 4 employees on support and development protocols  ? Provided training on programming languages and problem-solving skills for a staff of 4 employees  ? Collaborated with customer service representatives and other programmers to solve issues that arose Intern/Systems Analyst Shipley Energy - York, PA May 2011 to March 2012 ? Rebuilt computers as well as installed hardware and software  ? Addressed hardware and general IT concerns that our employees experienced  ? Programmed and supported functioning of the AS/400 System  ? Learned and programmed in Microsoft Server and Linux    TECHNICAL  PROFICIENCIES:   ? Proficient programming skills in MySQL 5.0, SQL Server Management Studio, PostScript, DataScript, XML, JavaScript, Satori, HTML, Linux, and Microsoft Server  ? General programming skills in C#, C++, Delphi, PHP  ? Proficient Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Publisher, Power Point) knowledge Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Computer Networking Central Pennsylvania College - Lancaster, PA September 2012 Skills Sql Server, SQL, XML