Senior IT - Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> - <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT - Project Manager - United Natural Foods + SUPERVALU Cranston, RI A self-motivated and determined Prince 2 Business and Technical Project Manager, possessing valuable professional and technical experiences in a variety of private and government sectors. Key strengths include: excellent communication and organizational skills coupled the ability to manage multiple projects and achieve deadlines even under the tightest of timeframes. I regard myself as a confident, yet logical project and people manager with an aim to deliver whilst maintaining focus on wider priorities and critical tasks. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT - Project Manager United Natural Foods + SUPERVALU January 2017 to Present United Natural Foods + SUPERVALU is the largest distributor of organic Food across the USA & Canada. I have worked with UNFI for the last 2 years on multiple upgrade, integration and migration projects. Closely collaborating with senior stakeholders at director level, team mangers and technical resources whilst managing end-to-end projects from initiation through to closure, maintain project logs, risk, issues and multiple dependencies throughout. I successfully delivered:  • Implementation of New Credit Card System (Elavon-Converge) Cost saving to an average of $1.5M on every $150M of sales  • Warehouse Inventory and distribution - Manhattan System,  • ADP-Payroll Application-Workforce Now, ADP-Payroll (12 - Thousand employs)  • Application-E-Time  • Refresh of SQL Infrastructure upgrade  • Storage Infrastructure Upgrade Senior IT Project Manager First Group Global Konica Minolta January 2016 to April 2016 January 2016 TO April 2016: Senior IT Project Manager First Group Global/Greyhound  Greyhound- First Group is a global transport organization. I was acquired to join a senior team of directors and remove complexity to bring 3 of their major projects back on track to ensure Data Center relocation was not comprised. ( Projects delivered)  • The vacating of Data Centers which resulted in extensive unbudgeted costs saving of ($10M)  • My role was to quickly understand the key projects in the program and bring them back on track by Vendor Management  • Anti (Virus software application ThreatScape) to ensure the company identifying key issues and bringing them to a resolution, Projects Manager National Health Service, UK November 2014 to December 2015 • Managed the delivery of multiple Software implementations, Projects were in-breech of the planned schedule and had come to a holding position due to technical challenges.  • Once challenges, timelines and risk were established projects were put back on track using the Agile/Scrum approach.  • Holding regular project team meetings and calls with key stakeholders to highlight risks and issues as well as ensuring the project took the direction that all stakeholders expected.  • Regular Weekly and Bi-Weekly meeting with technicians for direction and guidance. Projects included but not limited to:  • Hospital implementation of Absence Manager & E-Roster,  • The upgrade of hardware and software of a clinical system in theatres,  • Storage Refresh from legacy to Nimble. Head of IT Service Delivery Tameside Hospital February 2014 to October 2014 Projects National Health Service (Tameside Hospital) UK  As head of IT Service delivery I was responsible and accountable to the trust directors and executives in ensuring a maximum system uptime is achieved and issues are quickly and professionally resolved. I delivered Core NHS Projects While also improving Service to the End User to overall provide excellent Patient care. Project Manager/Service Introduction Transition National Health Service November 2012 to October 2013 UK  Project managed a long-term Transition move of the too government which had been agreed. Delivered the transition of all Sites across the northwest be relocated to a central point in Salford Manchester. This then became the SPC (single Point of Contact) Across the North West for all GP practices. East Technical Project Manager Service Delivery- National Health Service - Macclesfield, UK January 2012 to November 2012 UK  Technical Project Manager for 15 highly technical staff, supporting administrator's sites across Manchester & Liverpool. Supporting 3rd line technical assistance/ management to on-site support staff through-out joint venture. Delivering projects and change requests throughout a National Health Service environment. Senior Project Coordinator AstraZeneca (Cognizant) September 2011 to January 2012 As Project Manager I was responsible for Stakeholder decision making such as setting up 'Down Time' on the Network for essential uploads and maintenance on the infrastructure as well as project budget management. Project Manager/3rd Line Support Lead Department of Work and Pensions August 2010 to July 2011 Project managed upgrade of new hardware, where primary focus was to ensure the support and completion of a new business change within this Government department. Senior Project Integration Support Manager Cable & Wireless September 2009 to August 2010 Project managed the integration of "Thus" a company which was purchased by Cable & Wireless, everything from Data to E-mail need to be integrated in to the Cable & Wireless infrastructure. Senior Support Team Leader AstraZeneca (Cognizant) January 2009 to September 2009 Escalation point for technical team of desktop support staff. Managing and working technical issues on a daily basis. Education BSc Honors in Information Technology in Information Technology University of Salford September 1999 to May 2003 Skills PMP, PM, Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology, Project Management, Scrum Master Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/kalpesh-patel-3149638 Certifications/Licenses CDL Class B