Owner and Photographer Owner and Photographer Bellingham, WA I am a dynamic and multi-talented person who enjoys competency in a wide range of skills. I have an extensive writing and technology background in my employment history, experience managing social media accounts, and experience in management in several environments. I’m also a photographer and advanced Photoshop user. For the last few years, I have been focusing on maintaining employment that leverages my visual and written creativity and experience in marketing and social media. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Owner and Photographer Pat Beggan Photography - Bellingham, WA November 2015 to Present I operate my own business part-time producing visual content for clients including headshots, event and product photography, illustrative composites, and other Photoshop-retouched imagery. As owner I fill a variety of roles including marketing, sales, SEO content writer, social media manager and customer service, as well as being a project manager for larger advertising imagery projects and my own website upkeep. Staff Writer & Photographer Ganjapreneur.com April 2017 to March 2019 I wrote daily briefs summarizing news and policy developments for the rapidly-developing legal cannabis industry. I also researched and wrote longer-form SEO and educational content about the science and history of the cannabis plant and hemp industry. I also produced product photography alongside written product reviews. Partner & Project Manager Happy Chap Creative Co March 2017 to February 2019 I worked as a member of a co-operative creative company to produce original imagery via camera and Photoshop for use in digital marketing (especially social media) and advertising. I also helped schedule meetings and organize tasks for website development and marketing media creation, participated in the brainstorming and marketing research that made up the core of our branding and marketing services and helped troubleshoot in-house IT issues. Marketing Manager & IT Support Bayou on Bay - Bellingham, WA November 2015 to July 2016 After beginning my photography business I transitioned from the position of General Manager to Marketing Manager while also providing tech support. I created all visual and written content for marketing and advertising, managed all social media accounts and helped organize and promote events for the restaurant. I also provided tech support for the point-of-sale system and other in-house computer and networking issues. Line Cook, Kitchen Manager, GM Bayou on Bay - Bellingham, WA March 2011 to November 2015 Line Cook, IT Support The Fountain Bistro - Bellingham, WA December 2009 to March 2011 Education Computer Networks & Information Systems Wentworth Institute of Technology - Boston, MA September 2003 to June 2007 Skills Adobe Photoshop (10+ years), Adobe Lightroom (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Adobe Premiere (2 years), Adobe InDesign (1 year), Project Management (4 years), Written Communication (10+ years), Customer Service (10+ years), Photography (10+ years), Management (4 years), Cooking (10+ years), Technical Support (4 years), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Internet Marketing (3 years), Wordpress (5 years), Marketing, SEO, Digital Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Google Analytics, Advertising, Adobe, Photoshop, Lightroom Links https://instagram.com/patbeggan https://patbeggan.com Assessments Social Media — Highly Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create content, communicate online, and build a brand's reputation. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ofujg-gddvmsnbjh Graphic Design — Familiar May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to create visual media to effectively communicate information and concepts. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rg7ul6w-l1tffpi0 Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cgolnnqiqssrkcpq Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.