End User Computing Senior Consultant End User Computing Senior Consultant Systems Engineer - Citrix, VMWare View, AirWatch, Netscaler, Xenapp, Xendesktop, VDI Albertville, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience End User Computing Senior Consultant Presidio - Edina, MN April 2016 to Present • Perform infrastructure assessment and discovery to determine project scope and statement of work.  • Perform new build of Citrix Environments including design, implementation and user acceptance testing. New builds can consist of Citrix Xenapp/Xendesktop, Citrix Storefront, Citrix Netscaler, PVS, Applayering, and Citrix Cloud technologies. These builds are used to virtualize applications, deliver published desktops, or provide VDI (Virtual Desktop Infrastructure depending on customer needs.  • Perform upgrades or enhancement of Citrix Environments including design, implementation and user acceptance testing. Upgrades can consist of Citrix Xenapp/Xendesktop, Citrix Storefront, Citrix Netscaler, PVS and all Citrix technologies.  • Track project progress using SmartSheet or Excel Spreadsheets, and Teams. Communicate regular updates to project stakeholders.  • Perform security hardening of Citrix environments; including Netscaler, Xenmobile, and Sharefile.  • Assist sales team as a pre-sales engineer assisting with technical review, explanation and demonstrations.  •  Perform Microsoft Intune Deployments IT Systems Management Consultant (contractor) Optum via Apex Sytems, Inc - Plymouth, MN December 2015 to April 2016 Responsibilities  - Responsible for enterprise wide monitoring, actively responding to alerts to restore service or maintain health of server, storage, network, and enterprise architecture.    - Responsible for coordinating the support of IT teams, vendors, and business partners to respond to enterprise-wide major incidents.    - Lead various teams of technical resources from all technical areas to troubleshoot, restore, and resolve major incidents .    - Lead and drive restoration bridge calls with applicable partners and vendors as well ensure the incident management process is completed and documented in an appropriate manner.    - Involved in the resolution of outages or high priority incidents in accordance with established procedures.    - Accountable as single source delivering clear and accurate communication during all incidents across the business and technology including senior management levels.    - Accountable as single source for documenting incident impact and restoration steps. IT Manager/Systems Administrator Fortress Medical Systems - Hopkins, MN May 2014 to November 2015 • Administrate and support Citrix Server Environment; including XenApp, Storefront, and Netscaler  • Administrate and support Virtual Windows Server infrastructure; including Server 2008, Server 2008r2 and Server 2012r2 on VMWare.  • Manage and administrate Active Directory; including users, security groups, permissions and group policies  • Manage and support Exchange Server 2010; including user mailbox administration, mail policy, and distribution groups  • Manage companies Microsoft and Citrix licensing programs.  • Manage relationships with IT services and support Vendors.  • Manage system level outages until resolution.  • Manage back systems and data recovery process  • Administrate and support Forti-Voice VOIP phone system  • Maintain company IT related documentation  • Disaster Recovery Planning and Testing  • Provide advanced support for SaaS (software as a service, Clindex Live) user connectivity issues IT Project Coordinator Digital River - Minnetonka, MN November 2013 to May 2014 • Support and maintain the PMO / Technical Delivery Organization processes  • Submit and track purchase requests in SAP system  • Track project budgets via excel spreadsheets  • Host scrum meetings to obtain project updates  • Perform project management administrative duties  • Coordinate work efforts to achieve successful delivery of projects  • End to end project tracking in Intuit Quickbase Software  • Administrator of Intuit Quickbase software for PMO IT Services Specialist III Minnesota Oncology - Saint Paul, MN May 2011 to November 2013 Managed and administrated Windows Server 2008r2  • Managed and administrated file server configuration on Windows Server 2008r2  • Managed and administrated print server function on Windows Server 2008r2  • Managed users and groups in Active Directory  • Managed Citrix profiles and session management in Xenapp 6.5  • Created software install jobs in Altiris  • Maintained Mitel digital phone system  • Handle procurement of information technology hardware for clinics  • Handle procurement of mobile devices for approved employees  • Handle support issues for all aspects of clinic and office technical systems  • Coordinate with vendors on software issues  • Address vulnerabilities uncovered by quarterly network scan  • Manage external accounts for EMR access for business partners  • Budget forecasting for clinical IT needs  • Support conference room teleconferencing and video conferencing equipment Systems Administrator - Mobility 3M via Teksystems - Saint Paul, MN March 2010 to April 2011 Manage and administrated Blackberry Enterprise Server functions on Windows Server 2008R2  • Manage and administrated GOOD for Enterprise Server functions on Windows Server 2008R2  • Successfully migrated over 4000 users from a BES 4.6 environment to BES 5.0 environment  • Supported executive and management level users on mobile devices  • Provided top tier support to Blackberry, iPhone, Ipad, and other mobile device users  • Planned agenda and chaired monthly Smart Phone Delivery Team meeting. Education Some college Skills technical support, active directory, networking, Citrix (7 years) Certifications/Licenses CCA-V May 2016 to Present Citrix Certified Administrator - Virtualization VCP VMware Certified Professional – Desktop and Mobility  VCP6-DTM CCP-N Citrix Certified Professional - Networking CCP-V Citrix Certified Professional Virtualization Airwatch Professional - Enterprise Mobility