Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Pentwater Cabinetry, Inc My focus and interests are in computer science and accounting. I am searching for a full-time job position with a reputable company. I am interested in database management, data analysis, and working with various business applications but I am open to exploring other areas whereby my skills are an excellent fit to give value to the company. Work Experience Project Manager Pentwater Cabinetry, Inc - Lombard, IL September 2018 to Present • Design kitchen and bath solution and prepare estimate and proposal package to customer based on the requirements, using 2020 Design Software  • Follow up, address concerns on the design and value of the solutions provided, problem solving, making judgement call  • Develop a strong relationship with the customers at all levels.  • Became lead in three months by growing 2/3 base, from walk-in, referrals and cold calls. Marketing research analyst/Accountant Fortune Growers, Inc - Elgin, IL September 2017 to September 2018 • Continuously gathered interpreted data on new customers and analyze previous data  • Generate reports and presentations to management for company directions, actions, and market strategies  • Improved 30% work efficient on division level by creating process flowchart, reports email distribution.  • Utilized Famous Software System for invoicing (A/R and A/P) Accountant/ IT Support-Data Processor Brentano, Inc - Wheeling, IL May 2013 to May 2015 • Gathered Sales information and developed monthly, quarterly, and annual sales reports  • Recorded expenses, reviewed each submission and compared to budget  • Utilized QuickBooks for General Ledger, A/R, Sales, and Expenses  • Managed client accounts on-line; resolved password or log-in issues  • Updated the database twice daily to provide sales and management with up-to-date sales data  • Experienced with data management, data conversion, query generation, import and export processes, report generation in Access or SQL Greeter Seasons Marketplace - Ames, IA January 2011 to August 2012 • Greeted all students and verified card information and meal plan  • Calculated cash balance and reported a closing balance to manager regularly  • Ensured inventory was stocked in all areas Education Master of Science in Computer Science Roosevelt University - Chicago, IL August 2017 Bachelor of Science in Accounting Iowa State University - Ames, IA December 2012 Additional Information • Computer Software Skills:  ? SQL and relational databases  ? Data mining, Data Modeling and Data analysis  ? Process Modeling  ? Database Design & Application: MS Access, My SQL  ? Research, Reports and Forecasts: Excel, Report Builder, PowerPivot  • QuickBooks Accounting skills:  Tax Return Project, Principles of Federal Income Tax Course  ? Completed 2011 federal corporate income tax return  ? Evaluated tax consequences of common business transactions  ? Summarized client's situation and made appropriate recommendations