Head of SEO & Growth Head of SEO &amp; Growth Head of SEO & Growth - Rock The Rankings Carolina Shores, NC Work Experience Head of SEO & Growth Rock The Rankings - Carolina Shores, NC November 2017 to Present • Providing results-oriented SEO by driving more measurable traffic and targeted leads to both SMBs and Enterprise-size clients within Google Local and Google's Organic/National results.  • Managing all clients digital advertising accounts including strategizing, launch and optimization across SEO/PPC channels.  • Offering comprehensive SEO services, including on and off-site audits, technical implementation, keyword  analysis, content strategy and creation, link building and monthly adhoc reporting.  • Responsible for doubling organic traffic within a six-month period, and driving targeted leads worth  thousands of dollars for both SMB and Enterprise-sized clients. Senior IT Project Manager eKomi - Berlin, DE October 2013 to Present Responsible for the setup and implementation of large-scale U.S. Enterprise Projects for our SaaS review  collection product, including the day-to-day management of a large portfolio of high-value clients.  • Managed a team of Project Managers and Technical Support staff to ensure projects were met within the time and budget constraints.  • Worked directly with C-Level management to provide on-going reporting on KPIs and client ROI. Freelance SEO & Digital Marketer June 2010 to November 2017 Managed client's digital footprint to help drive more traffic and targeted leads through SEO optimization  and PPC advertising campaigns.  Monitored KPIs to show clear ROI on client's investment in freelance services, and to show results of ranking of targeted top keywords. Business Systems Analyst I & II - Pittsburgh PNC Bank February 2012 to October 2013 Responsible for ensuring accurate and timely reporting functionality for all respective reports under the Basel II/Basel III voluntary regulatory framework on bank capital adequacy, stress testing, and market  liquidity risk, a multi-million-dollar project with high visibility within the bank to ensure the bank  maintains enough liquidity and capital  • Gained crucial experience in creating, modifying, and troubleshooting SQL/OracleDB data on multiple  project environments which are directly involved in supplying the external financial results for the external financial reporting provided to the SEC.    Tools & Skillset  SEM Rush & Ahrefs  Screaming Frog  Google Analytics & Google Search Console  SerpBook  Link Assistant Website Auditor    Education and College Experience Education Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in German Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA December 2011 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Business Administration University of Mannheim - Mannheim, DE 2010