Director of Engagement Management Director of Engagement Management Sr Engagement Manager - Professional Services Director Austin, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Engagement Management CDS Global - Austin, TX January 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  • Leading business and development units for delivery of Consumer Marketing Platforms.  • Recovery of critical programs driven to delivery.  • Development of career pathing for junior level staff.  • Provide strategic advisory services to Executive Management  • Implementation of project accounting platform for billable professional services.  • Initiated first Professional Services Unit in company history. Advisory Strategist Simplus - Salt Lake City, UT September 2017 to January 2018 Responsibilities:  • Leading and delivering a strategy engagement including oversight and responsibility of other team members, ensuring high quality and on-time delivery of client outputs;  • Assist clients as a trusted advisor to drive value of Clients CRM programs.  • Conduct executive interviews to assess leadership expectations on CRM program specific to overall goals, objectives and expected business outcomes.  • Identify strategic opportunities and recommendations to accelerate a client's success of their CRM program.  • Apply design-thinking and solutioning techniques to analyze and synthesize complex information.  • Support Technical Architect and Solution Architect in solutioning business capabilities and developing future state technology architecture and design of the CRM program.  • Develop compelling business case presentations and delivery plans outlining a delivery plan for for a customer's CRM program.  • Manage scope and client expectations of strategy engagements.  • Advises customer on leveraging industry and CRM best practices necessary to address complex business issues. Enterprise Delivery Program Manager Advanced Technology Group, Inc - Overland Park, KS September 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities:  • Primary point of contact for all assigned projects with responsibility for project deliverables, goals, and quality.  • Duties involve exercising project control to efficiently task and manage internal and external teams, contain scope and execute change requests as necessary, and identify and mitigate risks to the project.  • Juggling multiple fast-paced customer CPQ/CRM/Billing cloud implementation/integrations/transformations of various sizes, delivering projects using ATG's methodologies and governance practices.  • Accountable to manage project scope and execute appropriate change requests in addition to managing project financials including revenue forecast, project margin, resource allocation and utilization.  • Driving project schedules, anticipating risk and variance, cost containment and disruption handling, managing all project resources, and project communications.  • Manage relationships throughout the customer organization including all project team members, business contributors and stakeholders, and executive management. DIRECTOR IT PMO QC Holdings Inc June 2016 to September 2016 Responsibilities:  • Oversight and Management of complete IT Delivery Portfolio  • Define, Develop and Implementation of Project Management best practices  • Responsible for contract negotiations reducing vendor expenses by 25% across portfolio resulting in a saving of over 100k in 3 months.  • Managed Change Control Board consisting of Marketing, Accounting, IT, HR, Collections, Operations and Support  • Development of contract PM staff for App Dev and Infrastructure projects  • Implemented Agile/Scrum practices for DevOps delivery Enterprise Program Manager Waddell & Reed May 2013 to June 2016 Responsibilities:  • Managed Enterprise level programs responsible for deployment/integration of third party Compensation system (Cloud) (5m), Advisor Licensing Systems (Coud) (10m) and Investment Accounting platforms (Hosted) (10m)  • Chaired Executive steering committee with oversight of Advisor Ops, Finance, Legal, Sales/Marketing, Compliance, Licensing, Human Resources and IT  • Coordination of project resources provided through multiple vendor supplied SOW's spanning Dev, BA and QA  • Integration of legacy systems to SaaS solutions while focusing on improved process focusing on quality initiatives.  • Blending of Agile, Kanban, and PMBOK methodologies into deployment program  • Responsible for identification/facilitation of Business and Technology objectives/requirements for program delivery spaning multiple business units  • Implemented the conversion of over 1200+ legacy DB2 applications to midrange platforms  • Direct Resource Management of 4 PM's, 4 BA's, 2 DBA's, 2 DA's and 10 member Dev. team Deputy Program Manager PMO USDA/FSA/PMO October 2012 to May 2013 Responsibilities:  • Managed deployment of Data Warehouse (Oracle Cloud) as part of legacy Mainframe migration  • Provide PMO guidance to USDA/FSA Enterprise Program Management Office  • Oversight of report development from Hyperion 8.5 to Oracle EPM 11  • Presentation and incorporation of Federal Analytics for executive stakeholders  • Initiated OBIEE report enhancement demonstration for Federal clients nationwide Project Manager JPMorgan November 2009 to October 2012 Responsibilities:  • Clearly defined criteria of success for programs and projects across multiple business unites, spanning Legal, Complaince, Acounting and Operations  • Proactively managed 40 + Client Service Managers to achieve tight deliverables  • Provided project management for implementation of improved workflow solutions serving Operations, Legal and Compliance  • Orchestrated multiple software enhancements, training, documentation of testing materials, known issues, and testing practices Education Masters of Public Affairs in Public Affairs PARK UNIVERSITY - Parkville, MO 2012 Skills PMP, PMI, Project Management, Program Management Certifications/Licenses Salesforce.com Certified Administrator Present Project Management Professional (PMP) Present Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present Additional Information • Budgeting  • Building Relationships  • Capacity Planning  • Cost/Benefit Analysis  • Cloud-based Tech  • Customer Relationship Management  • Daptiv PPM Software  • Developing Policies/Procedures  • Directing  • Evaluating Consumer Trends  • Forecast Modeling  • Full MS Office Suite  • Organizing  • PMBOK, SCRUM, ITIL and Waterfall Methodologies  • PMO Management  • Portfolio Management  • Project Management  • Resource Allocation  • Scope/Deliverable Assessment  • Strategic Planning  • Vendor Management