IT Operations Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Operations Project Manager - Future Tech Enterprise Inc Oakdale, NY Experienced Project Manager/Systems Consultant who has overseen major IT initiatives for leading companies in the aviation, banking, construction, defense, healthcare and legal, industries. Created, designed and rolled out high volume  CRM systems, financial applications, company/client on-boarding protocols and written RFPs. Experienced P&L manager who has overseen project budgets as high as $100 million. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Operations Project Manager Future Tech Enterprise Inc - Holbrook, NY October 2017 to Present ? Write Statement of Work, system specifications, functional requirements, technical documents and procedural  process documents.  ? Design and Review project plan to determine time-frame, funding limitations, procedures, staffing requirements  and allotment of resources to various phases of the project.  ? Interfaces with domestic and/or global IT Asset Management and Procurement Teams to achieve high customer  satisfaction, profitable business relationships and continued sales growth  ? Organizes and reports using multiple ERP databases and ordering portals to perform data entry, monitoring and  tracking all phases of quotes, purchase orders and order fulfillment.  ? Creates and analyzes daily high-volume data reports via advanced Excel reporting tools.  ? Resolves challenges with global vendors and expedites delayed orders.  ? Interacts with OEM business partners (i.e. Dell, Lenovo and HP) and C-Level executives to help develop product  roadmaps, align business initiatives and achieve success in cross marketing campaigns.  ? Develop and communicate project progression reports to key stakeholders and responsible for release and iteration  planning, review meetings, internal / external audits and retrospective  ? Manage vendor and project team performance to ensure compliance with contractual requirements, all regulating  entities and client expectations including meeting/exceeding Client agreed upon SLA.  ? Use multiple ERP databases and ordering portals to perform data entry, monitoring and tracking of all phases of  quotes, purchase orders and order fulfillment.  ? Conducts meetings at all hours, while managing from afar, due to time differences around the globe. Systems Analyst / Project Manager / Consultant Pite LLP - Melville, NY March 2014 to October 2017 ? Developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements.  ? Responsible for the planning and management functions ( project timelines, SWOT analysis, R.O.I analysis, risk  and cost benefit analysis, scheduling), as well as the training and roll out of enterprise projects that impact  multiple business units and achieve strategic objectives.  ? Conduct weekly meetings with operations staff, clients, and Supreme Court systems to define needs, build, train,  and implement company wide requirements, develop new and edit existing data governance, reengineer business  processes and mapping, as well as build a statistical database to identify key performance indicators.  ? Responsible for overseeing and distributing weekly/monthly KPI scorecards, dashboards, and reports to C-level  management.  ? Control budget and general conditions on projects by forecasting costs, structuring schedules and detailing  milestones for C-level management and project executives  ? Responsible for the designing of wireframes, overseeing weekly sprints and reviews, and the testing of multiple  upgrades within an in house built CRM. This initiative includes the design, creation of new scenarios, testing,  validating various billing triggers, messages, and reports before training end users and pushing to a live  environment.  ? Work directly with software developers to rectify system issues, bugs, as well as work with developers in the  design and testing of new system enhancements.  ? Led company wide hardware/software installations: participated in major server upgrades/expansions, network  upgrades, and integrated new technologies into existing data center environments. Project Analyst / Account Executive National Securities Corporation - New York, NY July 2012 to March 2014 ? Assisted the back office in documenting and analyzing their current business processes and then made  recommendations for improving their functional areas  ? Generated reports/dashboards, report packages, ad hoc reports using Excel, pivot tables, visual basic for the  application to navigate and display results using dropdown menu and charts  ? Collected and analyzed qualitative data from bankers through the creation of pointed customer questionnaires  ? Developed business analysis systems to assist in the designation of broker activity as normal or abnormal using  statistical measures and holistic review  ? Discussed limitations, risk, dependencies and assumptions pertaining to the scope of the application. Extensive  documentation using Word, Excel and Visio and worked on MS SharePoint for document management  ? Worked to define and implement the project's objectives by including identifying, creating and delivering project  implementation guidelines, testing guidelines as well as overall budget  ? Provided technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, and developing systems and procedures that were cost  effective and met business requirements  ? Ensured that all project stakeholders were well-trained in corporate procedures and protocols as directed by  company regulations.  ? Tracked trends and suggested enhancements that would both challenge and refine the company's product offerings  ? Developed trust and grew to have over 50 portfolios under management, while simultaneously providing accurate  up to the minute market information and investment advice. Project Manager Tecno Grupu - Santo Domingo, DO June 2009 to May 2012 ? Managed contracts in all phases, from pre-award to project completion; coordinated projects and managed  multiple sites simultaneously; oversaw superintendent, engineers, foremen, and tradesmen while ensuring quality  assurance and compliance to safety, environmental standards, and government regulations.  ? Managed month end close activities related to work order allocation, building material inventories, manufacturing  absorption, and overhead spending.  ? Prepared monthly business reviews that included highlights of financials and inventory, operations and real estate  management as well as ad hoc business reviews for senior management.  ? Ordered materials, negotiated subcontracts, sourced manpower, created schedules, negotiated change orders,  closed out of projects and performed walk through will all subcontractors and owners to obtain CO.  ? Directed changes to the project scope and cost and implemented appropriate change management processes to  keep the project on track.  ? Maintained schedules to ensure that key milestones were being met at every phase. Education MBA in Management Wagner College - Staten Island, NY 2009 Bachelor of Science in International Business Wagner College - Staten Island, NY 2008 Skills Data Management, Budget Management, Project Management, Project Planning, Process Improvements, Risk Management, Database Management, Quality Control, Scrum Master, PM, Waterfall Additional Information Skills  • Data management  • Team leadership  • Budgeting and finance  • Project management  • Strong verbal communication  • Process implementation  • Risk management processes and analysis    • Data modeling  • Financial and operational reporting  • Database design  • Documentation proficiency  • Curriculum development  • Planning and development  • Quality improvement competency