IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Kent, WA Donna has 10+ years of IT project management experience with extensive breadth of skills, including business, functional, and systems analysis across many enterprise applications and systems. With a career stemming from experience as a developer, Donna has the ability to plan and lead IT projects, ensure business requirements are met, and successfully lead and mentor teams with both agile and traditional project methods. Work Experience IT Project Manager King County Information Technology (KCIT) February 2018 to July 2019 Provided project planning and management, delivering business value for multiple concurrent projects for internal development and vendor hosted solutions. PM involvement includes RFPs, solution Pilots, development of Statements of Work, requirements management, project Estimation, project Schedule development, Budget monitoring, Communications, Team Care and Leadership.  A) Managed the Pilot phase of a project to evaluate an Automated Vehicle Locator vendor hosted solution.  B) Managed Discovery and Closeout phases of an internal project to implement Microsoft's Government Cloud Dynamics O365 Project Service Automation (PSA) functionality  C) As part of Governance of County projects, Managed the RFP process to assess vendor responses and select a vendor to provide project quality assurance services for a multi-year, $10 million project to replace Treasury and Office of Assessors systems and processes.  D) Managed an internal project to implement a new website for a newly formed County department, including analysis of other departments and divisions that ported over content to the new website, and related design, development, testing, and deployment activities.  E) Managed an internal project to make changes to the enterprise platform for a Department Re-organization.  F) Studied SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) with KCIT peers; Earned Certified Scrum Master designation.  G) Supported and improved KCIT's work intake processes and worked to clarify those requests; Managed project estimation efforts for all requests.    1. Worked with stakeholders to confirm project requirements and objectives  2. Worked with vendor to understand vendor requirements and implementation method  3. Managed vendor engagement process for each project according to King County policy and methodology  4. Developed project planning deliverables; project approach, work breakdown structure/task list, schedule, product roadmap, training, test plan, and communications plan  5. Managed implementations in phases using blended Agile/Waterfall project methodology  6. Coordinated collaborative work sessions with vendor for teams  7. Cared for Teams; Provided problem solving leadership and removed blocking issues  8. Provided oversight for vendor solution build and configuration activities  9. Reported project status to stakeholders on a bi-weekly basis; Steering Committee on monthly basis, and developed an information radiator for self-serve updates anytime  10. Coordinated Proof of Concept for integrations with vendor solutions and IT partners; data extracts, file loads, system setup  11. Wrote communications and provided oversight for change management communications and activities IT Project Manager Seattle Public Schools February 2017 to September 2017 Consultant through TEKSystems    A. Provided project planning and oversight, and management of requirements for a vendor hosted SAP PowerSchool Online Registration project to replace a paper forms centered process. The phased project introduced online new student enrollment, and enabled parents to update student information throughout the year. Benefits realized included eliminating a one-time window to provide such information updates to school administration, a heavy data entry spike at the already busy start-of-school for school administration, and inconvenience to families of a single time during the entire school year that information updates could be made. This core enterprise system serves over 100K families.  B. Managed RFP process to evaluate and select a Career and College Readiness software platform to serve over 25K secondary-level student population.  C. Managed and organized an OpenText ECM project already in progress.    1. Planned RFP project schedule to coordinate with Review Committee and School Board procedures and meetings  2. Provided project inputs for Management Team's efforts to gain School Board approval  3. Managed vendor engagement process for each project according to District policy  4. Developed project planning deliverables; project approach, work breakdown structure/task list, schedule, product roadmap, training, test plan, and communications plan  5. Provided input to budget planning for projects to roll up to enterprise budget plan; managed projects to that budget  6. Managed implementations in phases using blended Agile/Waterfall project methodology  7. Worked with stakeholders to identify and document requirements, workflows, and align standard processes  8. Worked with vendor to understand vendor requirements and implementation method  9. Coordinated collaborative work sessions with vendor for team  10. Provided oversight for vendor solution build and configuration activities  11. Reported project status to stakeholders and management on a bi-weekly basis  12. Coordinated implementation of vendor solutions with IT partners; data extracts, file loads, system setup  13. Wrote communications and procedural materials for public and internal consumption IT Project Manager City of Tacoma August 2016 to January 2017 Consultant through InfoReliance Corp.    Provided project planning and analysis for a $1.2 million project already in progress to install and configure a SharePoint / Gimmalsoft Records Management solution.    1. Worked with PMO staff and business unit stakeholders to review current project plan, charter, and schedule in support of project status analysis  2. Developed updated project plan using MS Project to re-focus efforts on project deliverables and critical path activities  3. Improved communications of project work and coordination between Vendor and City teams by introducing Daily Team Standup and Weekly Team Planning meetings  4. Managed a Vendor team of 4 consultants who completed the design, configuration, and development of a custom automated records management solution for a City Department's complex business workflow including integration with SAP case management records  5. Helped Vendor team resolve issues and provide consultation to move the project forward  6. Assisted with development of Team workshop to reduce complexity of combining efforts of RIMTech consultant, InfoReliance consultants, and City of Tacoma team  7. Worked with City PMO staff to help them understand the project status and determine project suspension outcome IT Project Manager IRON MOUNTAIN May 2014 to January 2016 Consultant through Beacon Hill Staffing Group    Provided project planning and oversight, and management of IT requirements for a $2.2 million Vendor-based conversion project to update an internally developed system's code base from VB6 to C# and HTML5. The multi-year project eliminated the technical debt of VB6 and transformed the forms-based system to a web application. This core enterprise system was developed for use by 3200 internal Operations staff-members daily.  1. Worked with operations and business unit stakeholders to develop project plans, charters, and schedules in support of business needs  2. Performed project budget and schedule performance analysis using Microsoft Dynamics and JIRA Sprint reporting tools to ensure project objectives were met  3. Used Excel templates to define, document, and prioritize project enhancement requests, plan resources, generate timelines, communicate, build consensus, and gain individual commitment for deliverables  4. Coordinated multiple high priority enhancement and hot fix releases along-side code conversion project  5. Managed status and key performance metrics reporting for project stakeholders and executive leadership audiences on a weekly, monthly, and ad-hoc basis  6. Coordinated Change Management plans with Change Advisory Board (CAB), Enterprise Communications, and Operations teams  7. Helped the team deliver day-to-day project activities by actively identifying issues, and removing obstacles IT Project Manager NORDSTROM INC September 2011 to October 2013 Planned and provided project oversight for implementation of SuccessFactors Employee Performance Management System, integrating system functionality with Oracle Human Resources (HRMS). The new system provided the administrative tools that standardized employee performance measures spanning multiple divisions, and launch and manage performance reviews for 65,000 employees across performance review seasons. The $2.5 million project completed successfully by meeting the expectations of the sponsor, delivering under budget, and launching performance reviews on time.    1. Participated in vendor procurement process, coordinated with legal, developed SOW  2. Directed, reviewed, and approved business requirements gathering, functional specification development, and technical specification development  3. Managed and controlled day-to-day project activities, issues, risks, quality, and budget  4. Provided project guidance and mentorship to development team  5. Developed solution approach strategy documentation to capture details of challenges including pros and cons, develop and propose solutions, and facilitate decisions  6. Coordinated implementation plans with Change Advisory Board (CAB), Operations, and Software Assurance team (SAT) to ensure business continuity and minimize business disruptions during system implementation  7. Prepared and participated in monthly budget and resource forecasting activities  8. Completed in house training in Agile Project Methodology (SCRUM)  9. Managed implementations in phases (blended Agile/Waterfall project methodology) IT Project Manager KENT SCHOOL DISTRICT October 1995 to August 2009 Planned and managed implementation projects such as a Purchasing Card System that integrated system functionality with Oracle Government Financials, and a Records Management System in conjunction with retirement of a legacy Student Information System.    1. Developed project planning deliverables; project approach, task list, timeline, and communications plan  2. Worked with stakeholders to identify and document requirements, test planning, and implementation  3. Developed knowledge of people change management and organizational change to anticipate risk and mitigate with training and transition plans  4. Lead and mentored test teams of 2 - 5 persons; Organized and lead data entry teams of 25-30 persons for a District-wide IEPOnline implementation  5. Reported project status to stakeholders  6. Coordinated implementation of vendor solutions with IT partners  Business Analyst  1. Adept at learning new business areas; provided information systems support to departments such as Finance and Accounting, Special Education and Programs, and Business Administration  2. Worked with stakeholders to help them understand effects of technology choices  3. Researched, analyzed, and applied government standards, regulations and guidelines  4. Worked with various stakeholders to align recordkeeping standards District-wide  5. Applied knowledge of process improvement tools and techniques; Conducted work sessions with stakeholders to document business processes  6. Performed gap analysis; developed as-is and to-be documentation  7. Developed business requirements for interfaces, UI, and reports for enhancements, ad hoc requests, and upgrades  8. Created reports, manuals and job aids for internal and District-wide audiences  9. Planned and performed UAT for many system enhancements and implementations    Systems Analyst  1. Performed systems analysis and developed functional requirements for interfaces, UI, and reporting for enhancements, issue resolution, ad hoc requests, upgrades, and system patches  2. Used problem solving skills and analysis of data and system behavior in support of Oracle Government Financials applications and Finance & Accounting business customers  3. Performed configurations for vendor-based system implementations  4. System administration for Records Management System    Sr. Programmer/Analyst  1. Performed technical analysis of business requirements and functional specifications, and developed technical specifications  2. Developed solutions for system enhancements, ad hoc requests, reporting, and issue resolution using PL/SQL, SQL*Plus, Crystal Reports, and Java  3. Used problem solving skills to perform root cause analysis  4. Planned and Performed unit and system testing to validate developed solutions  5. Coordinated implementation of developed solutions Education Certification in Project Management Certificate Program University of Washington Extension - Seattle, WA January 2010 to August 2010 Skills PM, PMP, Scrum Master, Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/donnabuzar Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2011 to May 2020 PMI-ACP July 2016 to July 2022 CSM April 2019 to April 2022 Additional Information ABILITIES TECHNICAL SKILLS  Project Management of Scope, Schedule, Budget, Risk, Issue Resolution, Quality, Integration, Staffing, and Communications  Project Management Software:  • Microsoft Project  • Open Workbench  • JIRA/VSTS/Azure DevOps    Management of small, mid-sized, and large enterprise software implementations  Project Methodologies:  • Traditional  • Agile    Collaborates effectively with internal and external groups; interacts with stakeholders, shared services teams, development team, QA team, etc.  Reporting Tools:  • Microsoft Dynamics/Power BI  • Microstrategy  • Clarity    Strong Analytical and Problem Solving capabilities; recognizes requirements and issues that pass by many others  Issue Tracking Tools:  • Team Foundation Server (TFS)/VSTS/Azure DevOps  • JIRA  • Quality Center (QC)    Effectively Communicates with both Technical and Non-Technical Audiences  Microsoft Office:  • Excel, Word, Outlook  • Visio, PowerPoint, SharePoint & Confluence  • Teams    Management of multiple objectives/tasks concurrently to drive project progress  Teams Supported:  • On-site  • Near-shore  • Off-shore