I.T. Project Manager I.T. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> I.T. Project Manager Orlando, FL Experienced Manager. Strong background in managing inbound and outbound operations for ecommerce fulfillment centers (POS, CRM, ERP, WMS and TMS). Process Analysis and Improvement, Business Analysis, and PM ranging from small IT projects to large-scale project. Effective at managing multiple projects and cross-functional teams in fast-paced, deadline-driven environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Project Manager Sesderma March 2018 to March 2018 to actual    Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Simultaneously managed multiple projects to increase performance of Sesderma process with EDI integration between POS, Retail sites like Amazon, Walmart, CVS, web and 3PL.  • Expert analytical skills with the ability to lead and guide the EDI and SAP technical team  • Determined timelines and resources; outlined risk management plans to proactively identify and mitigate development and deployment risks.  • Partnered with a large cross-functional team of designers, business analysts, developers, and others to develop/execute against project schedule and release plans.  • Final user Support  • Monitored and controlled all aspects of the software development lifecycle  • Managed vendor relationships and contracts. I.T. Project Consultant 2012 to 2018 Clients/Companies: Mattel, Under Armour, Sidel, Barco, Silab, Cotton, Brother printers, Teamtex, Geodis France, Geodis Netherlands  2012 - 2018    • Implemented short- and long-term projects, performed analysis of business issues, provided recommendations and solutions to system migrations and implementation. Worked in multi-vendor environments.  Key Roles & Responsibilities in some of the projects: -  • Implementation of DRP in Offices (develop a layout base in analysis potential treats, BIA, creating procedures and backup plans)  • Developed project plans and delivery schedules for this system integration.  • New client implementation in ERP, WMS, CRM  • Infrastructures upgrades, replacing/ add switches, AP, servers, VOIP  • Documentation and training- Create IT documentation, manuals and training.  • E-commerce implementation, including platforms such Magento, Salesforce, (API, EDI and flat files)  • WMS migration to SAP, including training  • Reduced middleware license costs by auditing and eliminating unused software I.T. Project Manager Geodis 2012 to 2017 SNCF Geodis is the division of the SNCF group responsible for freight transportation and logistics.    Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Responsible for managing, planning, tracking, implementation and portfolio management of IT assigned projects  • Created and control all documentation for IT projects implemented    • System integration between Geodis system to client and retail. EDI, Flat files, AS2 and ftp connections  few projects  • Under Armor implementation quality control of 3PL inbound orders (3% of all inbound needs to be randomly check)  • Geodis Brazil DC - Responsible for deploying a startup's entire IT Department office and warehouse infrastructure, system. Acting in the development of documentation with the IT global standards of Geodis, Includes Blue Print, ERP, WMS, TMS, CRM, datacenter.  • Migration of Middleware into in house solution  • E-commerce integrations- analyses of each individual client needs, definition of internal strategic indicators (KPI), integrations.  • Continuous Quality Improvement of data collection methods and analysis for efficiency and process streamlining purposes  • ERP integration with SEFAZ to validate invoices  • TMS integration with IBM for delivery tools and equipment's for the technicians on site. I.T. Consultant Capgemini 2011 to 2012 Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Configuring and maintaining Active Directory Services on Windows Server  • Provided on-site and remote customer support  • Created release documentation including Installation Guides, System Administration Guides, and Release Notes.  • Assigning shared level/security level permission to customer folders and files. IT Consultant 2007 to 2011 Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Managed small-scale project to integrate a stand-alone solution for retailers, which included a data, system migration, hardware upgrades.  • Managed end to end implementations  • Managed and install servers.  • Provided on-site and remote customer support  • Trained and mentored the IT applications. IT Consultant JHL Outsourcing IT 2006 to 2007 Roles & Responsibilities: -  • Performing user acceptance test  • Managed IT deliverables in implementing new systems Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Skills SAP (7 years), CSM, PM, Project Management, Scrum Master, Information Technology, Waterfall, SDLC, Itil, Software Development, PMP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/leonardo-vancsek-2805a673/ Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Black Belt June 2017 to Present