IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant IT Consultant - Micro Computer Network Los Angeles, CA Cybersecurity | Cloud Network Infrastructure | IT Project Management  Analytical, result-driven, and multi-disciplined IT Management Professional with nearly two-decades worth of core experiences focusing on Information Security, IT Project Management, Network Infrastructure Administration, and IT Operations Management. Focused on continuous improvement, business process optimization and automation, and deploying innovative solutions to ensure IT service delivery aligns with business strategy to support organizational goals. Work Experience IT Consultant Micro Computer Network - Los Angeles, CA June 2017 to Present • Serving as a trusted advisor to key partners by aligning business strategies with technical solutions by mitigating risk and by conducting best-practice evaluations and data oversight.  • Delivering managed IT Services by utilizing 24/7 NOC Services, RMM, AWS, 24/7 Help Desk Support, Office 365, SharePoint, OneDrive, Skype for Business, and MS Azure Active Directory to monitor and manage client network environment.  • Introducing technology solutions to meet functional needs for customer environments, including physical to virtual server migrations, cloud-based solutions (MS Azure & AWS), backup and disaster recovery services, and software applications.  • Implementing advanced malware, patch management, and host-based firewalls on client network workstations and utilize advanced Unified Threat Management (UTM) devices to provide cost-efficient services ranging from the firewall, VPN, IDP, Content Filtering, Load Balancing, and data loss prevention (DLP).  • Reducing cost by redesigning business processes and assisting customers to maintain high availability IT infrastructure.  • Collaborating with customers to plan technology roadmaps and engaging with vendors to redesign VoIP solutions. IT DIRECTOR National Financial Partners (NFP), INC - Los Angeles, CA January 2005 to May 2017 • Promoted from IT Manager to IT Director in 2008. Hired from Policy Guard Technology.  • Initiated strategic business continuity planning (BCP) utilizing project initiation, business impact analysis (BIA), threat analysis, strategy development, plan development, execution/procurement, training, testing, auditing, and monitoring.  • Eliminated network and data security risks by implementing reliable multi-layered IT security infrastructure using UTM Firewalls, IDP, Gateway Malware Scans, Endpoint Security, Web Content Filtering, and patch management tools.  • Evaluated security-significant changes to accredited information systems on an ongoing basis, and recommended safeguards or enhancements that maintained or improved the organization’s security posture.  • Periodically audited the effectiveness of NIST 800-53 security controls implemented within the organization, ensuring FISMA baseline requirements were met or exceeded.  • Eliminated network and data security risks by implementing reliable multi-layered IT security infrastructure using UTM Firewalls, IDP, Gateway Malware Scans, Endpoint Security, Web Content Filtering, and patch management tools.  • Minimized IT services downtime by 45% through proactive monitoring of local area network communication links, equipment, workstations, firewall logs, internal and external security breaches, intrusions and suspicious incidents within data centers and took immediate corrective action accordingly.  • Serving as Subject Matter Expert (SME) in the area of information security products and regulatory compliance- HIPPA, HITRUST, PCI, SOX, Safe Harbor.  • Ran and facilitated ongoing internal project program meetings, including weekly status check-ins.  • Developed plans, requirements, and system. Participated in managing, planning, and executing Systems Engineering Lifecycle (SLC) integration and testing stage reviews.  • Collaborated in designing and maintaining mission-critical email solution for 4,000 users with 180 primary domains.  • Managed all IT partner and supplier relationships, negotiated related contracts, and created an annual IT business plan and budget ($1M+) reflective of corporate and business unit initiatives.  • Contributed to management documentation amendments associated with regulatory compliance and enterprise IT security and operational policies and procedures.  • Eliminated Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) risks and compliance costs by introducing and implementing eDiscovery Services.  • Produced specialized business intelligence reports and real-time dashboards for department leaders and C-Suite executives with detailed metrics and visuals to refine decision-making processes. Proceeded iteratively with feedback to optimize and customize measurable data and automated reports through scheduled e-mail delivery.   • Saved an estimated $85K annually on telecom costs and operations, and increased internet bandwidth by switching services providers, and upgrading legacy phone system from 1987 to a modernized VOIP and Fax system eliminating two servers and software licensing costs. Collaborated with FCC legal counsel to ensure previous telecom service provider complied with Local Number Portability Act and successfully transferred requested DIDs to the new Telco PRI.  • Improved and managed IT infrastructure including Network LAN, WAN, MPLS Data Network, Data Centers, Disaster Recovery facilities, ERP applications, telecommunications, various third-party applications including CRM, Internal reporting, database management and IT help desk. Senior Systems Architect / IT Project Manager Health Line Clinical Laboratories, Inc. and LabDat, Inc - Burbank, CA September 2000 to December 2004 Key Accomplishments:  • Overhauled enterprise server-farm architecture with HP Blade Servers across two locations to ensure high-availability and scalability.  • Orchestrated and managed cross-functional dynamic teams through the forming, storming, norming and performing model and six thinking hats.  • Saved 250k annually by negotiating new contracts with telecom service providers.  • Minimized laboratory operations error rate by 50% by introducing and implementing an RFID laboratory specimen tracking system.  • Collaborated with the Web Development Team to design paperless solutions, which were integrated with Laboratory Management Information Systems (LMIS) for improved operations  • Enhanced customer service experience and save labor costs by working web developers to add a faxing module within LMIS.  • Promoted the use of Electronic Health Record systems by facilitating the conversion from HL7 into XML format.  • Maintained and administered Active Directory(TM) related services, including Organizational Units (OU), Domain Naming System (DNS), Domain Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) and Distributed File System (DFS).  • Upgraded LAN/WAN/DMZ/VPN and network wiring infrastructure for increased security and operational reliability. Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems California State University - Los Angeles, CA August 2018 to December 2018 Bachelor's in Major: Accounting Minor: Economics California State University-Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA August 2016 to December 2018 Skills Citrix, Dhcp (10+ years), Tcp (10+ years), Transmission control protocol (10+ years), Tcp/ip (10+ years), Office 365 (10+ years), ERP (10+ years), CRM (10+ years), Information Security (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Basecamp (7 years), Trello (5 years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Slack (4 years), Project Management (10+ years), Negotiation (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), It Project Management (10+ years), Cloud Computing (8 years), System Administration (10+ years), Network Administration (10+ years), Strategy Development (10+ years), Cross-Functional Team Leadership (10+ years), IT Governance (10+ years), ITIL (8 years), EBIX (8 years), LIS (4 years), LIMS (4 years), Budget Management (8 years), Active Directory (10+ years), Group Policy Object GPO (10+ years), Systems Integration (10+ years), SmartSheets (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/henrycholakyan http://www.cholakyan.com