Principal Principal Successful Project and People Manager seeking opportunity to contribute within a high-performing, dynamic, and challenging environment. Anderson, SC Diverse and all-encompassing background:  ? Extensive professional experience across multiple specialties, with key positions of responsibility in Program/ Project Management, Functional/Line Management, and as the Owner/Principal at multiple start-ups and businesses.    Strengths in communication and leadership:  ? Focused on leveraging excellent communication and interpersonal skills to initiate, maintain and develop positive business relationships within a variety of corporate cultures. A self-motivated, goal-oriented, risk-taker who leverages an inventive and adaptable mentality to develop teams, organize actions, and drive results. Work Experience Principal Transworld Business Advisors - Greenville, SC January 2015 to Present • Led the collaboration and successful launch of business consulting and brokerage firm that focuses on delivering value-based services to both main street and lower middle market clients. The firm facilitates and manages acquisitions for businesses valued between $50K and $30M.    • Manage all aspect of the transaction including but not limited to: buyer qualification and engagement; buyer / seller meetings; negotiations; due diligence; professional engagements; closing; post-closing transition.        • Responsible for all client relations and support, ensuring that all stakeholders during the acquisition process are informed, engaged, and aware of the all factors, both visible and invisible, that impact the transaction.  Project Manager / Program Manager UnitedHealth Group - Greenville, SC May 2007 to November 2014 • Conceived, developed, and actively administered numerous high profile, enterprise level programs related to health care delivery; held responsible for on time and on budget delivery of projects valued at $3M+.   • Led numerous in process improvement initiatives, new system rollouts, infrastructure upgrades, data migrations, and other programs, managed up to 12 contemporary projects at one time.   • Coached, developed, and mentored 4 direct and 40-50 indirect reports, ensured that all parties were aware of expectations and supported the program/ project goals; aligned individual actions with group goals.  IT Manager Ahold - Greenville, SC May 2000 to May 2007 • Supported the development of multiple business units including supply chain, marketing, merchandising and financial departments for a large grocery operation; managed 15+ remote and onsite staff members.   • Managed the development of new applications and supported existing applications in both distributed (client/server) and mainframe environments; directly responsible for the functional management of the team.   • Sourced, selected, trained, motivated, evaluated, and supervised employees (systems analysts and developers); organized team efforts to achieve development goals of the organization.   • Manage development of new applications and support of existing applications in both distributed (client/server) and mainframe environments.   • Administered the transition from an all associate model to an outsourced (offshore) model for support and some development; during this transition, team supported business units with no appreciable reduction in service levels.   • Managed all aspects of the transition including training, new process and procedures development, interaction models, controls, measurements and reporting.   • Previous roles at Ahold include Project Lead from 2002 to 2006 and Senior Developer from 2000 to 2002.   Education Bachelor's in Computer Science Clemson University - Clemson, SC August 1982 to May 1984 Skills Customer Service, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, Estimating, Word, Outlook, budget, Maintenance, Project Management, People Management, Technical Support, Information Technology Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/o-hjndhdkc3u9bol Critical Thinking — Expert August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wnd9n-31b5l6s1o3 Organizational Skills — Expert August 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jlj0y9hyutrlhm0g Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/3vh9d56hfhkxm9wx Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/b2uxypng1jdw6pha Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/n-i-slgqpqnhtpbc Problem Solving — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/h2mp0gl9crnkw-dy Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.