IT Project Manager/Scrum Master <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Berkeley Heights, NJ Scrum Master with years of experience implementing Scrum with development teams within an IT organization to manage their projects in order to produce work more efficiently. This experience has led to the confidence to be an effective leader, especially under high pressure situations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager/Scrum Master Zelis Payments - Bedminster, NJ May 2015 to Present -Work directly for the Director of Project Manager, initially implementing and then managing IT SQL and .net team projects. The goal was to allow a rapidly growing company to request as much as work as possible and the development team being able to accurately access the request and produce output in an agile fashion. Most days spent managing the team's workload and aligning the business priorities with the backlog to make sure work is delivered appropriately and on time.  -Implemented and managed the still-used release management process for IT. Created a schedule for the division to release code by and put steps in place to ensure accurate deployment with communication and transparency to the business.  -Responsible for constant communication with Product Owners on project status. Frequently working with CIO, CFO, COO and Director of Sales on projects of high importance.  -Used agile artifacts such as product backlogs, sprint backlogs, sprint planning and retrospective meetings to manage teams.  -Responsible for managing and putting together IT KPIs for the company to show velocity and effectiveness of the development and operations teams.  -Trained new project managers on how to manage the development teams using our most frequently used tools such as Team Foundation Server to manage development, Smartsheets to manage projects and burndowns to maintain velocity. IT Coordinator & Operations Assistant Passion River Films - Township of Warren, NJ October 2013 to October 2014 Priorities were to design and implement business plans, often times without guidance. Major project was working as IT and Analytics consultant for primary marketing client.  For primary marketing client, tasks were mainly focused around her website; creating it from scratch, switching servers, design and day to day upkeep. For Passion River, goals were to maintain e-Commerce website as well as track patterns by analyzing purchasing data. Once data was analyzed, the goal was to create a new plan for communication and marketing. Education Bachelor's in Information Technology Rutgers University May 2015 Skills Scrum Master, CSM, Certified Scrum Master, PM, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Kanban Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master April 2016 to Present Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/0ye90nh6jvbufvdb Scheduling — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to cross-reference agendas and itineraries to avoid conflicts when creating schedules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cycucokkc0d6anbp Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information A great deal of time spent on agile project management, specifically SCRUM and Kanban.  Experienced and confident using Team Foundation Server, SQL Management Studio, Visio, ServiceNow, Google Analytics, SPSS, Smartsheets, SQL, HTML, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, ERP, Wordpress.