Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Oro Inc Northridge, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Oro Inc - Los Angeles, CA December 2014 to Present Oro Inc is a thought leader and open source pioneer in the B2B CRM and eCommerce space. As a Project Manager within the client's services division I have transformed my entrepreneurial energy into success both within the organization and for its clients.  • Oversaw as many as 6 simultaneous multiyear client implementation projects from discovery through implementation and extension. Many projects spanned cross functional teams and valued at over $1M+ in budget.  • Excelled in business analysis and documentation leading to 10% shorter time to project implementation and improved supportability.  • Reduced PM overhead hours by 5% per person per week though internal process improvements.  • Educated both customers and partners by developing and implementing product training manuals from the user's perspective. This includes business scenarios, use case guides, quizzes, and guided training videos.  • Spearheaded business analysis role within the organization increasing revenue and returning higher quality plans reusable features from previous project implementations. IT Consultant Computers Direct, Conejo & San Fernando Valleys, CA August 2003 to Present • Prospect and convert a base of clientele that require regular IT service  • Established & maintain reputation as supplier of refurbished equipment and IT services  • Manage client's expectations by providing accurate scope, time, and cost metrics  • Maintain small business's IT infrastructure  • Provided individualized training on network systems and enterprise applications Project Manager School Tech Supply - Westlake Village, CA June 2013 to December 2014 • Modeled new and existing roles in order to develop SOP & training manuals  • Automated 40% of inbound RMA requests  • Lead cross functional teams in requirements gathering and training  • Responsible for hiring and training store employees and overall monthly profitability  • Increased employees accountability through KPIs, visibility, and quantitative measurements Education B.S. in Business Information Systems in Business Information Systems California State University Northridge March 2014 Skills Estimating, budget, Scheduling, Project Management (5 years), JIRA (4 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient July 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nyd62292hxhj6uda Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.