Systems Operation Manager Systems Operation <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Hackensack, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Systems Operation Manager NEW VISIONS FOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS - New York, NY 2014 to 2016 New York, NY 2014 - 2016  New Visions is an organization dedicated to ensuring that all New York City public school students, regardless of race or economic class, have access to a high quality education that prepares them for the rigors of college and the workforce. New Visions currently manages 7 schools in the NY Tristate area.    Systems Operation Manager  Prepared reports for student enrollment, discharge, and monitored use of all accounts for several public schools. Responsible for creating and standardardizing operating procedures for new systems, improving processes for existing procedures. Supported and managed all standard applications and led training program to ensure schools were using applications to full capacity; resulting in efforts which improved the consistency of student data, student enrollment and data security.    • Hands-on experience in strategic planning, critical thinking, project management, process development and operations management.  • Provided strict security conduct for all student accounts.  • Monitored and controlled all standard applications.  • Participated in cross-functional teams in the fulfillment of corporate productivity, quality and bottom-line objectives.  • Developed automation processes to effectively manage data and ensure data quality.  • Researched application inquiries to ensure departmental efficiency and compatibility with specified software. IT Project Manager LIBERTY ACADEMY CHARTER SCHOOL - Jersey City, NJ 2012 to 2013 Jersey City, NJ 2012 - 2013  Liberty Academy Charter School provided a full range of services appropriate to students in grades K-8. These services included special education and basic skills education (School closed in 2013).    IT Project Manager  Researched, organized, modified, and supported all system applications and computer systems. Created SOPs to maintain efficiency and student data security. Generated savings by upgrading the intranet application monthly.    • Responsible for the overall planning, management and completion of IT projects on a wide variety of programs.  • Identified resource requirements for departmental projects.  • Planned, executed, monitored and controlled project plans, milestones and deliverables.  • Developed, communicated and delivered training plans to end users.  • Managed all phases of software installs, upgrades and migrations.  • Managed external vendors, end users and other service providers teams to ensure risks and issues were mitigated. IT Project Manager Consultant SCHOLASTIC CORPORATION - New York, NY 2012 to 2012 New York, NY 2012 - 2012  Scholastic is a well-known organization that has been delivering literacy resources for kids and outstanding children's books to schools, teachers, and families for more than 90 years.    IT Project Manager Consultant  Successfully managed and completed a project to install updated standard applications to approximately 4000 users.    • Served as the initial point of contact for a new installation of Microsoft Office and updates for company approved software.  • Increased daily productivity by troubleshooting major issues with installation cause by corrupted files or special installation instructions.  • Worked with project stakeholder to define project scope, plan, deliverables and milestones. Desktop Support Engineer/ IT Project Manager YOUNG & RUBICAM - BURSON-MARSTELLER - New York, NY 2003 to 2011 New York, NY 2003 - 2011  Young & Rubicam is an iconic global marketing communications company with 6,500 people in 190+ offices and 93 countries.    Desktop Support Engineer/ IT Project Manager  Single point of contact for end users to receive support and maintenance within the organization's desktop computing environment. This included installing, diagnosing, repairing, maintaining, and upgrading all software, hardware and equipment (including but not limited to PC, terminals, printers and scanners) to ensure optimal workstation performance. Trouble-shooted problem areas (in person, by telephone, or via remote access) in a timely and accurate fashion, and provide end-user assistance where required. Worked with senior leadership on projects which added value to existing portfolio of projects.    • Led the IT team during computer software/hardware upgrade initiatives.  • Developed project status, timelines and work break down structures (WBS).  • Coordinated project tasks for multiple strategic business and other organizational initiatives related to QA and Data Security for SharePoint.  • Liaison between end users and upper management to communicate requirements and expectations for computer utilization optimization.  • Ghosted new software and O/S onto computer systems using Symantec Ghost Multicast Software.  • Managed vendor selection process including contract negotiations, communication of corporate-wide requirements and project objectives with third party vendors to ensure alignment. Education Certification in Management Information Systems Saint Peters University - Jersey City, NJ May 2012 Skills MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (9 years), SHAREPOINT (9 years), TRAINING (5 years), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (3 years), ACCESS (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/casilda-james-1a032910 Additional Information Core competencies:    * Project Management * SDLC/Waterfall Method * System Configurations * System Implementations * Database Administration * Staff Training & Support * Process Improvements * Regulatory Compliance * Microsoft Office Suite * Microsoft Project *Microsoft Access * PowerShell * cURL * CLOUD Computing * Tableau * Crystal Reporting * Statistical Analysis * Critical Thinking * Member of PMI * SharePoint