IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Atlanta, GA Project Manager, adept at delivering complex, high priority, projects on time and within budget and scope. Exemplifies strong initiative and leadership of cross-functional teams to ensure project methodologies are followed from initiation to closure. I envisage using my talents to exceed your organization’s expectations in end-to-end project management. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager WellStar Health Systems - Atlanta, GA December 2018 to April 2019 Aligned objectives to project plan and migrated 15,000 devices to Windows 10 on-time and within budget.  · Communicated scope and outlined the responsibilities of key partners to instill trust and drive productivity.  · Motivated cross-functional teams by actively listening and engaging them throughout the project life cycle.  · Facilitated project meetings and detailed meeting notes for multiple leadership levels and project team.  · Completed internal/external quality assurance requirements engaging project team at milestones achieved.  · Conducted post- project analysis, identified lessons learned, and transitioned project deliverables at closure.    (assignment via Insight Global) IT Project Manager Delta Air Lines - Atlanta, GA September 2017 to October 2018 Organized and tracked the compliance testing of 1300 components with Windows 10 before initiating the operating system upgrade for over 49,000 devices. Led the upgrade of 612 Windows and Linux VMware servers.  · Presented the business plan, scope, and timeline to stakeholders and project team at the kick-off meeting.  · Implemented Agile methodology by correcting low severity network vulnerabilities from over 5000 incidents through iterations and sprints allowing technology teams to restore security by 39% within 5 months.  ·  Created work breakdown structures to track deliverables and dependencies to meet business deliverables.  · Monitored project to ensure potential problems from risks or scope creep were resolved timely.    (assignment via Delta Global Services) IT Specialist Boston Consulting Group - Atlanta, GA February 2017 to September 2017 Successfully rectified technical situations and executed projects simultaneously for Atlanta and Miami locations.  ·  Converted over 700 devices to Windows 10 and Office 365 procuring new equipment as needed.  ·  Independently resolved problems, exercising analytical thinking, sound judgment, and initiative.  · Established trustworthy vendor relationships to acquire leading-edge technology and advocate change.  ·  Contributed relevant and insightful ideas for maintaining business agility with evolving technology. Senior Business Analyst Bank of America - Atlanta, GA November 2016 to February 2017 assignment via Genesis 10)  Collaboratively constructed and implemented a business plan to elevate enterprise to SharePoint 2013.  • Chaired Joint Application Design sessions with stakeholders and technology teams to review requirements.  • Crafted the procedures for user acceptance testing, training documentation, and post-migration support.  • Liaised with corporate communications to compose announcements on project dates and status. Business Analyst Delta Air Lines - Atlanta, GA February 2015 to August 2016 Researched inventory requirements, procuring new equipment to convert 48,000 devices to Windows 7. Partnered with technical teams to conduct a root cause analysis of flight delays and collaboratively formulated a resolution that reduced delays by 27%.  ·  Estimated equipment requirements and purchased accordingly to budget resulting in timely deployments.  · Monitored the regression testing of over 1000 applications to confirm compatibility with Windows 7.  ·  Tracked multiple flight delays, documenting the problem-solving efforts and resolution procedures. Consultant Systems Engineer Bank of America - Atlanta, GA May 1997 to January 2015 • Led a geographically dispersed technical team that provided end-to-end problem resolution, access management, disaster recovery, and technology upgrades for eight call-centers nationwide.  • Collaborated with developers, network engineers, and vendors to create software packaged groups which allowed multiple applications to pushed to multiple devices simultaneously.  • Ensured telephony standards were upheld while assisting project teams with implementing VoIP.  • Promoted to Vice President for exemplifying the excellent customer service and positive leadership. Education Bachelor's in Criminal Justice The University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 1988 to August 1992 Bachelor's in Psychology The University of North Carolina at Charlotte - Charlotte, NC August 1988 to August 1992 Skills MS Project (3 years), Jira (2 years), SDLC (5 years), Waterfall (3 years), Project Planning (5 years), Time Management (10+ years), Agile (3 years), Project Coordination (8 years), Project Management (3 years), Change Management (3 years), Collaboration (8 years), Business Analysis (8 years), Budget Management (3 years), Strategic Planning (5 years), Banking (10+ years), Windows (10+ years), Communications (10+ years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/briankruss Additional Information Core Competencies    ? Problem assessment and resolution ? Executing Waterfall and Agile methodologies  ? Proficient with MS Project, Office, and Jira ? Dynamic communication and team-building  ? Solution-oriented, critical thinking ? Accurate measuring of project effectiveness