IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Professional hardworking go-getter Sacramento, CA Distinguished professional with extensive experience spanning over 20 years in Program Management, Project Management, Client Management, Implementation, and Business Process Reengineering. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Liberty Home Equity Solutions - Rancho Cordova, CA October 2015 to Present Manager of the production support team while competently maintaining all project management duties for the reverse mortgage systems, along with all business unit infrastructure and technology needs, including disaster recovery testing, migrations, and security vulnerability resolution.    10/2015-02/2018- IT Project Manager  Managed the daily development life cycle for the reverse mortgage systems and all infrastructure projects.  • Managed entire life cycle of an application rewrite project with $1.5 million budget that included diverse team of onshore and offshore resources, including identifying and overcoming a critical issue with original estimate calculations.  • Managed annual disaster recovery implementation, AD corporate domain implementation and two data center migrations.    Liberty Home Equity Solutions Awards Received:  *Management SPOT Award- July 2019, February (twice), March, April, June (twice) August, September, and October (twice) 2017 and September and November 2016  *Management Golden Robot – November 2016 Senior Technical Project Manager CoreLogic - Rancho Cordova, CA August 2012 to October 2015 Managed all aspects of the development and implementation of multiple large-scale, highly technical infrastructure and new product projects, along with infrastructure projects as needed for CPU upgrades, patching, vulnerability resolution, disaster recovery and data center migration.    • Program managed the data center migration of CoreLogic's largest business unit of over 900 servers overcoming build and schedule conflicts and delays to meet successfully all cutovers dates on time and one ahead of schedule due to creative and analytical thinking.  • Successfully project managed major hosting server migration between two data centers with a $2million contract at risk, original estimate was more than six months and completed in less than three with no major issues.  • Created and program managed daily MLS onboarding process, including contract interpretation, with daily interaction with executive level clients and management.    CoreLogic Awards Received:  * Kennedy Excellence Award (Awarded to one who has demonstrated exceptional performance and personal leadership demonstrating CoreLogic's Guiding Principles)- First Half 2014  * On The Spot Awards- September 2013, February 2015, and May 2015 and Bravo Peer Cards- January 2015 and June 2015 Project Manager Vinculums - Sacramento, CA June 2011 to August 2012 Managed the microwave network deployments throughout California and Nevada for Verizon Wireless. Effectively managed the coordination of procurement of equipment; building permits, site visits, schedule dates, supervision of installation of tower and equipment; supervision of construction of site improvements, testing and commissioning. Analyzed and approved statement of works (SOW), methods of procedures (MOP), and close out packages (COP).  • Created standardized templates and best practices documents for Verizon for microwave network deployments.  • Successfully met all microwave launch deadlines set by upper management through the utilization of creative solutions. Associate Project Manager PrO Unlimited - Rancho Cordova, CA January 2008 to June 2011 Project managed the program development and implementation of software and contingent workforce management programs for Fortune 500 clients. Provided expertise in building optimum business solutions and process reengineering throughout the project lifecycle. Collaborated with client's executive team to define project requirements and translate business objectives into tactical plans.  • Successful delivery of client program of over $60 million gross profit overcoming original scope and expectations of $20 million gross profit.  • Program managed daily operations of mortgage industry and healthcare industry clients for several months. Continuously focused on streamlining processes for enhanced client support.    PrO Unlimited Awards Received:  * Employee of the Month in August 2010, nominations in June 2010, July 2010, and December 2010 & numerous "You are a Star" acknowledgements Project Manager Oracle USA, Inc June 2005 to December 2007 Professionally managed projects related to ERP and CRM systems and sales reporting. Managed Avaya telephony system and all telephony projects affecting North and South America sales reps.  • Business lead for Oracle University for the global sales business process-reengineering project of implementing new sales ERP system for all lines of businesses for Oracle. Project Manager Sprint Corporation - Rancho Cordova, CA March 2003 to December 2003 November 1995-December 2003: Education Juris Doctor Taft Law School May 2017 Skills Excel, IT Management, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Vmware, Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Active Directory, Citrix Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional- PMP® #1273758 June 2009 to June 2021 Driver's License Additional Information • Vast expertise within IT, Finance, Sales, and Telecommunications environments for ERP, CRM, SaaS, and VMS systems and platforms leading concurrent and complex large-scale projects, utilizing Waterfall and Agile methodologies.  • Accomplished background in systems integration, information security, networking, disaster recovery and data migration projects.  • Exceptional skills in executive level client and vendor relationship management, along with excellent negotiation, communication and presentation skills.  • Solutions-oriented while remaining customer focused; passionately, persistently and proactively pursue solutions that ensure customer needs are met or exceeded.  • Results driven; persistently work to meet or exceed goals; highly self-motivated and ambitious.  • Leadership and team building; open and authentic, natural ability to inspire, motivate, and guide others toward goals and success; promote cooperation and build an environment of trust, support and respect.  • Demonstrated ability to effectively lead and manage others; able to set clear expectations, actively manage performance, provide feedback and guidance, and hold people accountable.  • Resilient; proven ability to deal effectively in high intensity and fast paced environments, remain focused and optimistic, and able to utilize keen analytical skills to identify solutions to overcome setbacks and challenges.  • Expert proficiency with the Microsoft Office Suite, skilled in JIRA and Version One related backlog management tools.