PROJECT MANAGER II <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> II PROJECT MANAGER II - Blue Cross Blue Shield of SC Company Nashville, TN Masters in Business Administration and Master of Science Information Technology W/ Project Management combined with extensive  experience managing and performing information technology functions, with expertise in applications development, network  operations, information, project management and business analysis. Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER II CGS (A Blue Cross Blue Shield of SC Company) - Nashville, TN June 2015 to Present Project manager for key CGS (CMS CRs & TDLs) mandated projects including; development of a letter writing application  using OnBase Doc Comp. The application replaced CMS provided client letter solution which saved CGS and CMS millions.  • Led Virtual Data Center Recomplete project for data center vendor change. Manage projects through initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, controlling and closure phases  • Managed Microsoft Windows 2016 server upgrades to mitigate Windows 2008 server EOL. These included over 400+ SQL  database migration, application, services and IIS.  • Deployed ChangeGear application which is currently being used to manage CGS's end to end Compliance change  management process as mandated by CMS.  • Also led OnBase version upgrades & Server Expansion from WIN 2008/2012 to Windows 2016. Project Lead for OnBase  v17 upgrade; identified and worked with pilot team in production to test OnBase v17 before enterprise rollout, tracked and resolved all reported issues during PIP which lead to a smooth enterprise rollout.  • Provided enterprise-wide project management leadership within my team; manage resources assigned to my project.  • Provided timely (daily and weekly) communication and reports (verbal & written) regarding project progress and risks to PPWG, project stakeholders, development team, project team, users and management.  • Participated in CCB meeting & Change Management Control process. Adopted PMI standards in managing and executing  my projects  • Also directed and evaluated all activities within my project; researched, troubleshoot issues and flush out identified project  risks. Conducted multiple working sessions with CGS GSIT team, and vendors; (Microsoft, OpenText, Micro Focus, and Hyland to mention a few), external resources (BCBSC developers and System Engineers).  • Fully supported all other projects, transitions, innovations or other efforts deemed critical by CGS. Ensured project  requirements and testing are analyzed and performed to support the delivery of a functioning product & aligned  architecturally for quality and maximum performance.  • Proactively identify work request and other projects in flight that may impact my projects and provide oversight and leadership to implement.  • Supported projects that have a key performance measure / realized benefit. Fully understanding customer needs, assisting  SMEs with technical understanding of the product, advocating customer needs; ensure requirements align with desired  benefit to be realized.  • Ensured all assignments, action items, deliverables, are complete, accurate, and meet established due dates. Contribute to the prioritization and analysis of requirements and testing to ensure the product delivers the best business solution for the value.  • Addressed security concerns while analyzing and coordinating activities making sure we have performed due diligence  and/or obtained approvals and include approvals for situations that fall outside of our normal business model. (e.g. when using PHI or PII data, and tasks around permissions, access, installations)  • Ensured project documents are stored and secured, Supported business and project team in delivering analysis that drives  business value; provide clear process resulting in clear customer visibility into obstacles, challenges, and successes.  • Developed business cases, supported LOEE, and RFP processes. Liaison with SMEs, Stakeholders, and Testers to elicit, analyze, communicate, and validate requirements for changes to existing or new systems development.  • Ensured change management plan is completed as part of project when requirements are introduced after requirements have  been approved; provide accurate and concise documentation when changes require additional review and approvals resulting in minimal follow up. IT OPERATIONS MANAGER ReMDAS LLC - Irvington, NJ May 2012 to June 2015 Manage day to day IT operations; customize solutions linking IT services to broader business unit needs, including cost  efficiencies, productivity, lean operations, and bottom-line profitability. Prepare & manage IT budget, hiring and evaluation  of employees, meet with vendors to negotiate contracts for Hardware & Software services. Review the security procedures to determine security stance and need for business process improvement.  • Plan, organize and direct all activities related to staffing, including hiring, orienting, evaluating, disciplinary actions and continuing education initiatives. Prepare departmental budgets and ensure department operates in compliance with allocated  funding. Coordinate and directs internal/external audits.  • Oversee projects covering new technologies, Application Development, Change Management Control, Desktop OS  deployment, and new roll-outs, using ITIL approach and project management methodology (PMI standard). Establish  department goals and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) using real-time analytics to take a proactive versus reactive  response to problems and opportunities. Provide enterprise-wide leadership in all IT activities.  • Conducted detailed process mapping/workflow analysis to establish a detailed understanding of user requirements, business  model, procedures, goals, risks, and opportunities. Provided input into strategic planning working with senior executives.  Conducted research and made recommendations on products, services, protocols and standards in support of all infrastructure  procurement and development efforts.  • Manage key projects including NextGEN, Windows Unsupported Server Upgrade for 2003 servers (WUSUP) and Data  Discovery Program through project initiation, planning, and execution, monitoring, controlling and close. Overseeing  projects covering new technologies, Application Development, Change Management Control. Providing enterprise-wide  leadership in all IT activities  • Implementation of ITIL processes and project management methodology (PMI standard) in the Enterprise Project  Management Office (EPMO). Establish agency goals and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) using real-time analytics to take a proactive versus reactive response to problems and opportunities.  • Ensure projects meet agency needs quickly and efficiently. Ensure alignment of technology strategy with business plans and operational needs. Develop partnership with senior management. Work with senior managers and users in strategic  technology issues, providing technology leadership for a broad technology discipline.  • Worked with Business Excellence to enhance high level project status process resulting in clear customer visibility into obstacles, challenges, and successes.  • Provided clear communication, accurate, and timely information using weekly status, touch points, and/or ad hoc meetings  where necessary to manage decision points. IT MANAGER AMMED DIRECT, LLC - Antioch, TN July 2009 to April 2012 Established and directed the strategic long-term goals, policies and procedures for AmMed Direct. Implemented short term  strategic resource planning and work assignments for daily operation support to ensure infrastructure requirements are met.  Reviewed and audited invoices every month, made recommendations for continuous process improvement to reduce  overhead and increase overall production efficiency  • Led a team of SAN/LAN/WAN Engineers, 24/7 Helpdesk, Developers, Systems & Network administrators in supporting the existing / new IT infrastructure. Conducted staff performance reviews, coaching and mentoring.  • Directed a professional staff and vendors with oversight for applications development, infrastructure  capacity/planning/administration, network installations/upgrades, LANS, WANS, servers, security, desktop/help desk, telecommunications, and e-commerce.  • Plan, organize and direct all activities related to staffing, including hiring, orienting, evaluating, disciplinary actions and continuing education initiatives. Prepare departmental budgets and ensure department operates in compliance with allocated  funding. Coordinate and directs internal/external audits. Education Master's in Business Administration University of Maryland-University College - Adelphi, MD 2013 to 2015 Master's in Information Technology UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND UNIVERSITY COLLEGE - Adelphi, MD 2014 Skills CHANGE MANAGEMENT, COACHING, BUDGETING, PROCESS IMPROVEMENTS, STRATEGIC PLANNING, PROCUREMENT, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, Customer Service, Exchange, Network Administration, Excel, Vmware Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 April 2012 to Present MCSE 2008 to Present Scrum Master 2015 to Present Project Management Certificate 2014 to Present