Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Charlottesville, VA Analytical IT professional with the ability to assess complex technical structures and find the appropriate solutions. Proven ability to work within budgets, adapt to the newest technologies and manage multiple projects. Passionate about integrating user friendly technology that enables individuals and businesses to work more effectively toward their mission. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Baza Foundation - Charlottesville, VA October 2017 to Present Baza Foundation is a digital platform built with the objective of re-imagining a charitable foundation by following the principles of Universal Basic Income ( UBI ), Smart Contracts, and Secure Ledger Technology. Project Manager Ekata Social,LLC - Charlottesville, VA May 2016 to Present Open-source social platform, currently with 3000 members, built on the Django framework with custom built modules. Ekata is a full stack social media web development platform. Managed search engine and A/B web optimizations in addition to troubleshooting plus feedback. Responsible for collaborating and managing small international development team effectively in order to meet project and budget time-lines. IT Coordinator Lake of the Woods Association - Locust Grove, VA August 2013 to May 2016 Managed organization wide IT migration, unified software systems, and streamlining network for peak performance. Drafting yearly IT management plans and budgeting. Maintaining license documentation and vendor support contracts. Accomplishments include the development of a video monitoring access control workstation with nine 27” monitors and the ability to support up to 100 video cameras and 1 month data recordings. Improved visitor management system and implementing a cost-effective CISCO alternative Ubiquiti Networks UniFi WiFi system.    Accomplishments  • Maintained 50+ Workstations, Upgraded 6000+ Ft Cat6A Cabling  • New Server Upgrades and Migration to Virtual Environments  • Improved Network Security, Closed Vulnerabilities, Reduced 4% Overhead  • Awarded by the General Manager for role in helping to solve mail theft IT Consultant/Technician Computer Network Services, LLC February 2009 to December 2015 Providing solutions for hardware, network, software and operating system issues for Windows, Mac and Linux platforms. Wi-Fi installation, setup and security. Performing installs, system upgrades and data recovery and backups. Domain and website building for local businesses. Determining client system needs and meeting cost expectations. Carpenter Plowshare Farm Lifesharing Community - Greenfield, NH January 2007 to November 2008 One of three main carpenters building a new community center for Waldorf Community. Systems Administrator SAU 32 School System - Surry, NH November 2005 to January 2006 Managed technology for an all-laptop student facility. Utilized Norton Ghost for laptop images and performed updates, upgrades, warranties, replacements, and repairs. Maintained the server's backups and student profiles using Active Directory. IT Technician Computerborough - Peterborough, NH January 2005 to January 2006 Independently responded to client tickets relating to technical issues. Diagnosed and resolved reported issues. Owner/Foreman Witham Brothers, LLC - New Ipswich, NH January 1998 to December 2005 Established a family carpentry business specializing in the building of quality, sustainable homes and projects throughout New Hampshire & Massachusetts. Responsibilities included full project management and acquisition of appropriate building permits. Employee management included payroll, taxes, workman's compensation and compliance with OSHA regulations. Education Diploma in Building Trades Mascenic Regional High School - New Ipswich, NH September 1997 to June 1999 Skills Linux (10+ years), Mac OS X (10+ years), Django Framework (4 years), Citrix (2 years), Windows (10+ years), Python (5 years), Arduino (1 year), HTML, Active Directory, Testing (7 years), IT Training (3 years), Microsoft Office, SQL, Project Management (3 years), Open Source (5 years), Agile (2 years), Taiga (3 years), Ubiquity (3 years), Computer Hardware (10+ years), Computer Repair (10+ years), Cabling CAT6A (3 years), VOIP (5 years), Network Security (3 years), Secure Ledger Technology (3 years), Waterfall, Information Technology, Software Development Links https://baza.foundation https://ekata.social Awards Mail Theft Certificate Award 2016 Awarded certificate of appreciation by the General Manager of Lake of the Woods Association for the role in helping to solve mail theft saving the association from having to relocate 12 pickup mail stations and leading to the arrest of the individuals involved. Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Network+ November 2005 to Present Driver's License 2 Year Building Trades June 1999 to Present