IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - ACF Technologies Asheville, NC As an experienced IT project manager with a proven track record of succeeding and exceling in new and challenging environments I will bring my abilities, critical thinking, ingenuity, and work ethic to serve your organization. I have a strong drive and reputation for excellence and quality and am always looking to improve the process, the team, the product, and myself. Work Experience IT Project Manager ACF Technologies - Asheville, NC 2019 to Present Serve as an IT project manager delivering hardware and software based IT solutions from inception to closing  ? Successfully completed multiple at-risk complex projects that had been escalated to me  ? Use JIRA to request, track, and manage software development deliverables  ? Manage and schedule internal project resources  ? Create and manage the project schedule  ? Manage fifteen to twenty projects simultaneously  ? Have taken previously dissatisfied customers and brought relations back into good standing  ? Proactively manage project risks  ? Use both waterfall and agile project methodologies to complete project deliverables  ? Consistently deliver highest quality projects due to high levels of organization and detail-oriented work practices  ? Constantly work to improve and standardize the customer experience by streamlining, simplifying, and adding value to communications, documentation, and processes    Contractor - US Department of State - Denver, CO  Bureau of Information Resource Management - Enterprise Server Operation Center Division IT Project Manager 2011 to 2019 Excelled as the project manager for a 15,000 ft2 tier III facility that is the primary data center for the U.S. Department of State  ? Managed all physical IT infrastructure and virtualization projects to install, remove, or migrate systems into, out of, or between State Department data centers  ? Responsible for capacity planning and determining future build out requirements for power, space, networking, and cable infrastructure  ? Successfully managed a project to remediate a particulate in the data center that involved coordinating with system owners and over 30 IT vendors to turn down, disassemble, clean and recertify every device in the data center including core networking devices, the virtual infrastructure, storage systems, and servers.  ? Successfully managed the project to achieve initial operating capability of the new DMZ infrastructure. This involved coordinating between twenty different teams in a weak matrix environment to meet the project deadline PMO Manager 2015 to 2018 Served as the PMO Manager for a team of PMs that coordinate the infrastructure and virtualization projects for all of the State Department's data centers.  ? Created, improved, defined, and documented processes, adjusted and reinforced the team's priorities to align with the mission, and improved accountability, resulting in work being completed faster and with a higher level of customer satisfaction.  ? Supervised, lead, interviewed, hired, conducted performance reviews, counselled, approved leave and time sheets, and assigned projects Deputy Program Manager ( IT Operations) 2015 to 2018 Served over an eighty-person team that was responsible for the operations of the four geographically separated data centers serving the US Department of State.  ? Participated in the rewrite and vetting of the contract performance work statement, analyzed impact on staffing levels, existing processes, and costs  ? Monitored and reviewed performance-based metrics and service level agreement performance to identify areas for improvement and to ensure obligations were being met or exceeded.  ? Prepared, reviewed, and delivered the required reporting deliverables to high level management  ? Acted in the capacity of the Program Manager in their absence    Contractor - US Department of State - Alexandria, VA  Bureau of Diplomatic Security - Security Systems Integration Division IT Operations Support Manager / IT Project Manager 2008 to 2011 Successfully managed the project to implement a 24/7 operations center that supported a global Diplomatic Security system of networked devices, servers, workstations, critical applications, access control systems, and physical security components  ? Successfully managed numerous projects to update critical applications on a worldwide private network  ? Managed a system support team of ten engineers; conducted performance reviews, established work schedules, and approved time and expense reports Senior Systems Engineer 2006 to 2008 Initiated and successfully managed a project to find and implement a replacement for an aging network monitoring solution which improved the reliability and reaction time of the support team's response to network issues  ? Proposed, planned, and managed projects to implement system and application upgrades Field Engineer 2003 to 2006 Managed projects to design and install technical security system upgrades at U.S. Embassies and Consulates around the world. This included the network cable infrastructure, routers, encryptors, switches, servers, workstations, UPSs, environmental monitors, and various networked security devices  ? Developed and documented standards and managed configuration changes in a new and fast paced environment Education B.S. in Information Sciences and Technology in IT integration Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA 1999 to 2003