Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> PMP certified IT project manager with over 13 years of experience Rosemount, MN IT focused project manager with over 13 years of experience and a notable record of consistently delivering results on a wide variety of critical, high profile projects. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager Optum - Eden Prairie, MN April 2019 to Present • Plan, schedule and execute all stages of Meraki security appliance implementation at 800+ sites.  • Coordinate with internal departments and external resources to ensure readiness and adherence to aggressive scheduling.  • Guide and mentor technical team members in finding solutions to diverse challenges that are commonplace with a large-scale deployment.  • Streamlined numerous processes to improve scalability and decrease risks inherent in a large-scale deployment with a compressed time frame.  • Tracking of $1.5 million budget for hardware and 3rd party resource spends. IT Project Manger BIOTHERA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC 2008 to November 2018 ·      Developed and managed a continuously rotating cycle of complex, high profile IT projects in a fast-paced, agile environment.  ·      Responsible for all phases of projects including systems migrations, IT infrastructure upgrades, wireless network implementation and implementing cloud-based solutions.  ·      Managed IT department budget, negotiated with vendors to secure favorable pricing, partnered with senior staff to guide short- and long-range IT planning. IT Manager GREENSPRING MEDIA GROUP 1999 to 2008 • Promoted to IT Manger, to plan, schedule and execute all enterprise hardware, software and systems implementations and upgrades.  • Developed IT policies and procedures, and oversaw IT security  • Briefed executives on IT security posture, necessary upgrades and future planning  • Achieved significant savings by bringing all pre-press work in house for 17 publications  • Scanned, color correct and re-touch images used in all publications  • Responsible for maintaining network of Macs and PCs Shift Supervisor DATUM GRAPHICS 1995 to 1999 Managed a 3-person pre-press team in preparing image files and managing digital assets.  Directed and prioritized workflow; communicated job status to management team. Education Associate of Applied Arts in Graphic Communication in Applied Arts Dakota County Technical College Skills Project Management (10+ years), IT Management (10+ years), PM, Information Technology, Itil, PMP, Waterfall, Agile (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses ITIL Present CPPM Present CPPM (Certified Professional Project Manager), University of St. Thomas, Executive Education Project Management Professional (PMP) Present