IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Tampa, FL • 20+ years in IT Project Management/Infrastructure experience  • Extensive strategic development & implementation/stakeholder management experience  • Motivated and results driven IT professional with extensive experience working in a Fortune 3 Company.  • Recognized for professionalism, leading successful projects for the implementation of business enabling technologies. Repeated success leading productive, cross-functional teams in the design and launch of operational initiatives to increase organizational capability commitment to excellence, and focus on safety. Expertise in data gathering, budgeting, documentation, and meeting organization and execution.  • Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with co-workers at all levels, including senior management, associates, and internal customers. Work Experience IT Project Manager QUATRIC Solutions, New England September 2018 to April 2019 IT Project Manager currently supporting one of QUATRIC's customers (Eversource) which is in the electric and gas distribution business in the New England area (New Hampshire, Connecticut and Massachusetts). Completed both projects related to this contract.  • Responsible for pulling numerous teams, individuals and vendors together to complete both projects in a timely manner.  • Involved in the creation and updating of project budgets, schedule and status.  • All projects were managed according to our detailed MS Project plans and regular status meetings.  • Used MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) as well as MS Project and MS Visio to manage these projects.  LNG SCADA Computer Upgrade Project:  • Removed communication barriers that were built around the project teams and vendors.  • Involved the entire project team in the rebuilding of the MS Project plan that had never been shared before. The rebuild allowed for team member buy-in to the new plan.  • Brought the test and design teams together to quickly come up with a test strategy and execution plan. With this new plan we were able to complete testing well ahead of schedule.  • Developed logistics plans for hardware movement, data center preparation and on-site installation plan.  Hopkinton Insourcing Project:  • Extended the corporate network to the Main Building, the Guard Shack and Machine Shop.  • Installed wireless access point in the main control building.  • Installed new network cabling and drops to office locations.  • Designed, coordinated with vendor and in-house groups to install a Fiber Optic link thus minimizing the negative effect of high voltage switching gear and created a Fiber Optic Backbone.  • All network hardware protected by UPS, thus is stable during black outs. IT Project Manager Independent Consulting - Lathrop, CA January 2018 to September 2018 IT Project Manager for several Small Office network installation projects. Some clients worked for such companies as Chevron, PG&E, Kent State University and Thermo Fisher.  • Responsible for every aspect of the projects from initiation to closing.  • Installations generally consisted of the following  ? Installing secure WiFi Networks  ? Installing NAS servers  ? Installing Firewall/Routers  ? Configuring VPN security  ? Commissioning network wiring  ? Provided pre and post-purchase support  ? Performed data continuity (backup) training and support Infrastructure Project Manager Chevron Shipping Company January 2013 to December 2017 As Subject Matter Expert, successfully developed and managed IT processes to coordinate installation of computer systems onboard 13 crude and LNG tankers being built in Asia, as well as supporting and leading the coordination and deployment of Network, Application and Satellite systems on Chevron's fleet of 30 vessels (Retrofit and New).  • Partnered with Chevron facility teams, Shipping Company Buyers, Marine Agents, and 3rd Party vendors to establish protocols to support the needs of project and vessel schedules. Champion of Operational Excellence and capital stewardship on all activities.  • Product, coordinated shipyard preparations to receive infrastructure deployment teams, developed and established effective communications with site teams, Project Engineers, and other supportive groups to ensure successful results.  • Lived in Okpo, S. Korea from Feb 2014 to Jan 2015 to monitor and control all activities related to Shipping I.T.'s hardware installation.  • Lead mid-size to large projects and effectively managed activities within IT Operations and Project teams. Supported projects with moderate to high impact scope, risk and with intense complexities, ranging from 100K to 15MM. Contributed to project planning and project lifecycle and establishing rapport with stakeholders, other lines of business, and development teams to establish goals and objectives to support project plan.  • Developed and aligned business processes to meet the needs of customers, stakeholders, and business partners. Performed Production Readiness Assessments and quality assurance.  • Gathered and documented project requirements and communicated project status to key stake holders.  • Worked and communicated with application programmers to better integrate Oracle databases with current and new applications. Supported team growth and knowledge base. IT Operations Network Team Lead / Project Management Chevron Shipping Company November 2007 to December 2012 Managed IT Infrastructure and IT Operations team, responsible for computer network deployment - Chevron's fleet of 30 vessels (Retrofit and New). Team designed, documented, deployed and supported vessels worldwide.  • Managed and directed project teams of subject matter experts that deployed and supported  ? Cisco VPN's, Firewalls, Switches and Routers  ? Worked with vessel construction teams to create cable wiring diagrams.  ? Windows Server Administrators  ? Followed Chevron Security Standards  ? Established contracts with external and internal hosting companies  ? Managed infrastructure security  ? Root Cause Analysis  • Created and executed numerous server deployments over the past 15+ years.  • Created and upgraded several data centers. I've searched for and vetted new vendors  • Effectively managed IT Operations and worked with project teams to manage enterprise and cross-divisional controls.  • Creating and managing SLA's.  • Manage budget and resource management ($5MM) and utilized effective negotiating and influencing skills to provide solutions that boosted productivity and efficiencies across organization. Supported capital stewardship throughout project life-cycle and all project activities.  • Managed Mail & Server Replacement Project delivered to Fleet with budget of $3MM. Project upgraded computer system and introduced new broadband satellite system to fleet, providing fleet with internet access for the first time.  • Quickly identified problem areas of impact before escalation to ensure and implement solutions or workflow workarounds to meet and exceed team goals, customer and business partner expectations.  • Project planning, developed project lifecycle, establishing rapport with stakeholders, other lines of business, and development teams to establish goals and objectives to support project efforts.  • Performed risk management analysis, monitoring, troubleshooting, and developing solutions for risk and issues.  • As a member of the extended management team I helped establish and execute IT Governance Plans. Senior Server Admin Chevron Shipping Company August 1996 to November 2007 As senior team member and subject matter expert (SME), designed, installed and supported server images and worked with workstation lead.  • Oversaw management for vessel network and large upgrade projects, including Lead Developer for Mail & Server Replacement Project, which was an overall upgrade to entire computer network's hardware and software system.  • Provided help desk support to vessel crews, handling most issues via phone or email.  • Traveled to South Korea to deliver IT services to six new vessels.  • Worked with Oracle database administrators when integrating new software systems that required database backend. Education Bachelor of General Studies in General Studies Kent State University - Kent, OH 1993 Skills Team management, Dhcp, Tcp, Tcp/ip, Vpn, Dns, Firewalls, Remedy, Microsoft project, Ethernet, Smtp, Freebsd, Linux, Bmc, Customer support, Cabling, Fiber optic, Fiber optic cabling, Needs assessment, Portfolio management Additional Information Core competencies include:    • Business Strategies  • Organizational Skills  • Customer Needs Assessment  • Team Management and Development  • Customer Support Service  • Budget Development and Oversight  • Communication Skills  • Attention to Details    TECHNICAL ENVIRONMENT  Operating Systems: FreeBSD, Apple macOS, Microsoft Windows and Linux  Applications: CA Service Desk & BMC Remedy (Incident and Change), HP Project and Portfolio Management, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project  Other Technology Expertise: Fiber Optic Cabling, Ethernet, DNS, TCP/IP & SMTP, DHCP, Firewalls and VPN