BI PROJECT MANAGER BI <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> BI PROJECT MANAGER - Cognizant Technology Solutions US Corp Memphis, TN 11 Yrs of Enterprise DataWarehouse experience. Started my career back in 2008 as an IT Analyst at HSBC EDPI and since 2009 associated with Cognizant Technology Solutions. Currently playing the role of an IT Project Manager & Senior BI Consultant in multiple Data warehousing technologies. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience BI PROJECT MANAGER Cognizant Technology Solutions US Corp - Memphis, TN June 2009 to Present IT Project Manager for BI Applications. Primary point of contact for Technical solutions for Business Architects, Project Managers, IT Leads, Business Analysts and users. Responsible in working with the technical and user community to understand the existing IT & Business Process problems and incorporate new tools and technology into the BI landscape. Responsible for designing solutions to improve or automate the existing software and BI applications using industry leading solutions expertise and lean IT methodology. Responsible for analyzing and resolving Problem Management and Change Management requests. Analyze the IT Process gaps and resolve application & Data quality issues. Primary point of contact for customers to reach out for planned outage (Change Implementation, Fail Over testing, Patch Implementation) of BI Applications. Work with Business architects during large scale application migration activities involving one Data Center to another, On-Premise to Cloud migrations by providing detailed application integration lists and performing beta testing of the applications during the migration. IT ANALYST HSBC EDPI - Kolkata, West Bengal June 2008 to June 2009 IT Analyst for HSBC Technical Support Team Education Post Graduate Diploma In Business Administration in Marketing & Finance Symbiosis Centre For Distance Learning - Pune, Maharashtra Bachelor Of Technology in Information Technology West Bengal University Of Technology - Kolkata, West Bengal Skills Project lifecycle, Db2, Ms access, Sql server, Oracle, Sql, Sybase, Informatica, Ms project, Sharepoint, Teradata, Data analytics, Data visualization, Power bi, Scripting, Visio, Shell scripting, Unix, Unix shell, Requirements analysis, Business Intelligence, MS SQL Server Certifications/Licenses Oracle Certified Associate Present