Vice President Vice President Technology Vice President Brea, CA Lived in Japan for 12 years, and have acquired skills to manage business relations and provide exceptional technology customer service and discreetly handle confidential matters. Certified MBA corporate technology project manager offering IT services to multiple government agencies (Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Finance, and the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department) and multinational corporations (Amazon, Sony, Microsoft, IBM, Takeda Pharm, Roche, Fujitsu, Toyota, and Canon).  Presently, I am seeking a position in the corporate banking industry. Work Experience Vice President MUFG Bank - Tokyo, JP 2007 to 2019 Seasoned Technology Manager with demonstrated achievements in global banking technology delivery and operations. Highly skilled in PMO management, Agile team optimization and transformation, application development management, platform migration research, career coaching and organizational level capacity management up to $30M/year with oversight across 350+ global tech employees and contractors.    KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:  ? Named Top 100 employee five years in a row since 2013 based on client surveys. Judged on a rigorous set of criteria: Knowledge, Engagement, Communication, Professionalism, and Approachability  ? Revitalized sluggish Tokyo Head Office sales by 10-12% year on year through successful strategic planning and capitalizing on promotional events  ? Built trust and solid reputation with several organizations utilizing these relationships to market to over 25,000 potential clients IT Project Manager JP MORGAN CHASE - San Francisco, CA 1997 to 2007 Initiated proactive communication and bridged IT engineers/programmers and our clients in conducting research and planning of the latest hardware and software solutions. Balanced business requirements and technical solutions to deliver over 40 projects and services on the Commercial Banking platform. Fostered a collaborative team of over 15 IT engineers/programmers by cultivating a culture of integrity, accountability, and open communication.    KEY ACHIEVEMENTS:  ? Implemented process improvements for performance details on growing server farms, resulting in customer-service improvements for a campus of 1500 employees during a system roll-out project  ? Greatly enhanced the data quality in the ERP system and lowered the number of errors to IT by 35% by implementing barcode technology all across the San Francisco regional headquarters  ? Led over 40 people in all functional groups in a successful ERP system migration project for the Asset Management division within the company Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Tokyo University 2009 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science University of California - Davis, CA 1997