IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Allianz Life Insurance Company Work Experience IT Manager Allianz Life Insurance Company - Minneapolis, MN January 2012 to Present Managing development and couple of ASM (Application Support & Maintenance) Teams. Team size - 35    • Represent the Capability at enterprise level  • Identify areas lacking the capability maturity baseline, propose plan for improvement and ensure deliver the same.  • Resource management across different projects in the capability  • Risk management within the capability  • Oversight the projects delivered by the team for cost, schedule and quality  • Set targets for the Application Support and Maintenance teams for performance improvement and meeting SLA  • Conduct regular meeting within the team to understand the area of pain and establish a plan and target to overcome the same  • Meet with Business and Operations team on a regular basis to receive feedback on the team performance and future endeavors  • Provide regular status on the team performace and critical initiatives to senior management and keep them posted on the risks and mitigation plans. Manager IT ASM December 2011 to December 2012 • Manage support team to Troubleshoot and resolve technical problems  • Research, report and correct quality assurance issues  • Monitor the development and modification of applications, maintenance of databases  • Provide status reports on utilization, system performance, and other related statistics  • Review, evaluate and develop recommendations for enhancements and support of applications  • Schedule and prioritize work and plan a sequence of development activities that accomplish the planned targets. Set priorities and provide reports to the management.  • Monitor daily SLA for applications and batch processing.  • Prepare detailed root cause analysis for business critical issues and present mitigation plan for future proofing from the occurrence of similar incident in future.    Critical Achievements  • Identified multiple areas of performance improvement in the nightly batch processing and reduced processing time from 9 hrs to 6 hrs for 300K policies.  • Re-Engineered annual and quarterly statements processing to new ETL technologies from legacy and reduced processing time from 4 days to 8 hrs for 300K policies.  • Re-Engineered 2 business applications batch processing which were consistently missing SLA to meet SLA earlier by 4 hrs future proofing business volume increase. IT Project Lead August 2009 to December 2011 • Assist in the development, design and implementation of application systems. Serve as project lead for the project team or as an individual contributor when assigned  • Assist in design of complex, global or strategic development projects. Identify and address interfacing functions and applications  • Perform application systems development tasks which include working with users to define system needs, analyzing and designing applications to meet user needs, translating logic diagrams into program statements, deploying and implementing packages and conducting research in emerging technologies  • Design, code, test, debug and document programs  • Provide computer program, system development and technical support for very complex, highly critical programs and systems. Plan and coordinate tests, resolve production problems, identify opportunities to improve systems and architecture Developer June 2007 to August 2009 • Develop application per the technical and functional requirements.  • Prepare Unit Test cases and execute the same.  • Perform integration testing and fix defects or bugs across different applications.  • Support QA testing and fix defects arising from the testing.  • Prepare transition documentation for application support and maintenance.  • Support Production deployment activities.    Domain experience    Financial Domain  • Insurance ( Variable Annuties) and  • Banking    Technical Stack  Languages - C/C++, Java, Groovy, J2EE, .Net - C#, Accent R,  FORTRAN, SmallTalk,  Database - Oracle, SQL, DB2  Tools - Informatica, Espresso  Application Servers - WAS, IIS  Operation System - AIX, Window - XP, 2003, 7 Education Bachelor of Technology in Electrical & Electronics Engineering SASTRA University - Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu, IN