IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Security Identifications Systems Corp Royal Palm Beach, FL Effective, self-motivated, results-driven IT strategist with more than 15+ years of experience of successfully and  creatively solving critical business challenges. IT Project manager responsible for the successful implementation  and coordination of all aspects of the project: initiation, design, development, testing, implementation, post-  implementation, budget, risk/issue, communication, quality, and timelines. Outstanding management, team  building, and communication skills. Core strengths include:    • Strategic & Tactical Planning • Team Building & Leadership • SLA Negotiations/Renewals  • Cross-functional team Mgmt. • Staff Management • Client/Vendor Relations  • Project Management • Financial Reporting to the • Dept. Policy and Process  Executive team    Business and Technology Competencies  • Support Manager • Keen ability to streamline service management • Effective Communicator  • Microsoft Office • MS Access • Microsoft SQL2016/Microsoft SQL Express • Microsoft SharePoint  • SQL Management Studio • Waterfall Methodology • Microsoft Project  • HEAT Power Desk Call Ticketing • Bomgar Remote Support (now known as Beyond Trust) Work Experience IT Project Manager Security Identifications Systems Corp - West Palm Beach, FL 2002 to Present • Sole Manager for project planning, establishing critical milestones (lead time), responsibilities, budget and scope, establish target go live dates, schedule and chair weekly conference calls.  • Allocate resources from Support and Sales for weekly conference calls with the client, during the pre- configuration and installation process.  • Provide weekly status of each project to EVP, CEO, and Accounting.  • Worked closely with Sales on pre-sale and post-sale conference calls resulting in deploying $6M+ in revenue.  • Managed call center support team, managed after-hours staff for international clients.  • Other Roles includes Support Manager/ Project Coordinator, Onsite Technical Manager. IT Support Robert Half - North Palm Beach, FL 2001 to 2002 • Desktop support rep for on-premise and remote end-users.  • Scheduled, planned and implemented desktop software and hardware migrations for 100+ end-users.  • Managed Active Directory user accounts creations and password resets.  • Managed Anti-Virus exclusions for certain software requirements. Desktop Support Engineer Medical Center at Princeton - Princeton, NJ 1999 to 2001 • Desktop support for all end-users for their multi-facility operations, hardware and software migrations.  • Solely managed and deployed new laptops (42) for the Homecare department using AT&T Airtime cards.  • Desktop and laptop onsite support at the Homecare administrative building.  • Company-wide operating system migrations. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management in Business Management Western Governors University 2016 Skills Information Technology (10+ years)