IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Wauwatosa, WI Project Manager & Business Analyst with 5 years of IT experience in Infrastructure and Service Delivery with a 2 year focus on Infrastructure Project Management. History of successful implementation of Infrastructure and Application projects to meet IT/Business/Store needs while protecting the production IT environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Kohl's Department Stores - Menomonee Falls, WI February 2016 to August 2018 • Experienced in both agile and waterfall methodologies   • Served as a project lead on numerous security remediation efforts  • Involved in many non- project related activities  • Administering IT Standards and Documentation in ServiceNow for all of Infrastructure  • Assisting in rolling out JIRA and Confluence to Infrastructure, and training in using JIRA  • Creating reports in ServiceNow or JIRA for Infrastructure uses  • Maintaining the Infrastructure Google Site  • Managed a large portfolio of projects, ensuring that all the proper Infrastructure procedures were being followed  • Robotics Process Automation 2017 & 2018  • Blue Prism  • Application Infrastructure Operations 2017 & 2018  • Hive Center  • UI Path  • Ayehu  • Infrastructure Enhancements 2016, 2017 & 2018  • Consisted of a large number of small projects that, on their own could not be capitalized/depreciated  • Engineered Infrastructure and PaaS project 2016  • Splunk Expansion 2016  • Network Refresh 2017 & 2018  • Switch Refresh  • Wireless AP Refresh  • Upgrading internet connections all 1200 stores  • Store Server Transformation 2016, 2017 & 2018 (Active Directory)  • Automation of store server builds  • Automation of store domain controller promotions & demotions  • Moving the file shares from Windows to Linux  • Engineered EUC 2017 & 2018  • Windows 10 as a service  • VDI enhancements  • Chrome enhancements  • Mac/iOS enhancements IT Business Analyst Kohl's Department Stores March 2015 to February 2016 projects from proposal phase to Gate 0  ? Completed Business Analyst functions on various Infrastructure Projects  ? Administered standards and documentation for all of Infrastructure  ? Maintained the Infrastructure Google Site  ? Responsible for managing project budgets  ? Instrumental in requirement gathering responsibilities  ? Provide assistance to the Strategy Managers and Technology Managers as requested IT Programmer Analyst Kohl's Department Stores June 2014 to February 2015 Monitored and supported multiple Hadoop clusters  ? Assisted in implementing new functionality to the Hadoop clusters  ? Documented the standard procedures for Hadoop administration tasks  ? Provided L3 Incident support for all of Infrastructure  ? ServiceNow Application  ? Developed Service Catalog items in ServiceNow using JavaScript  ? Performed testing in lower level environments and brought the product to production  ? Collaborated with various departments to gather requirements for the Service Catalog  ? Implemented improvements to ServiceNow form and functionality Business Analyst Intern Kohl's Department Stores June 2013 to August 2013 Use Case documentation for the RFID 2013 Project  ? Documented Business Requirements for the RFID 2013 Project  ? Collaborated with a fellow intern on combining RFID technology with clearance items in order to increase sales  ? Systems Requirements documentation Merrick, Inc - Vadnais Heights, MN December 2012 to January 2013 IT Intern Merrick, Inc December 2012 to January 2013 software packaging, and software deployment for Windows systems  ? Computer hardware setup & troubleshooting  ? Prepared old computers for disposal by wiping hard drives and collecting useful hardware components  ? Administrative Systems Management support Education Bachelor of Business in Information Systems University of Wisconsin - Eau Claire, WI September 2008 to December 2013 Skills IOS (1 year), LINUX (1 year), ACTIVE DIRECTORY (1 year), ANDROID (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), Waterfall, PM, Agile (2 years), Kanban (1 year), Scrum (2 years), JIRA (2 years), Confluence (1 year) Certifications/Licenses Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS:    Applications Skills  ? Planview  ? Google Drive  ? Google Sites  ? Google Hangouts  ? ADDM  ? ServiceNow  ? Beeline  ? Webex  ? Microsoft Office  ? Lucid Chart  ? VMware  ? Cisco Spark  ? JIRA  ? Confluence  ? Active Directory    ? Agile/Scrum/Kanban and Waterfall  ? SQL  ? JQL  ? Google Script  ? Java Script  ? Unix/Linux, Windows, iOS, Android  ? Lean Yellow Belt