Sales Agent Sales Agent Project Manager Acworth, GA • Multi-talented and versatile IT and Project Manager with a proven record of success.  • Skills and experience in all phases of software development and production support, customer service, team building, problem analysis and resolution.  • Expert at identifying clients' business goals and implementing software or process solutions while providing outstanding customer service.  • Provided project management over high priority, large-scale, complex initiatives at major companies including Bank of America, GTE, AT&T, Beverly Enterprises, the State of Georgia, the Georgia Department of Labor, and ALLTEL. Concentrated on delivering the desired business outcomes and mitigating risk.  • Defined project plans, managed deliverables, mitigated risk, reported status, managed scope of large-scale software development, implementation, data conversion and upgrade projects.  • Led teams in defining and developing quality software solutions. Re-engineered software and processes, implementing time- and money-saving solutions.  • Tracked all project activities and adjusted resources as required to ensure all project milestones were completed on time and on budget. Implemented strict change management processes to manage new or changing business requirements.  • Negotiated contracts.  • Implemented Quality Assurance processes to support enterprise-wide software solutions for Healthcare, Banking, Government and Telecommunications industries.  • Managed project budgets of up to $50 Million and cross-functional teams of 30+ business analysts, developers, QA testers, DBAs and System Administrators.  • Team builder with experience creating Development Plans and Succession planning.  • Excellent communicator. Known as a polished professional at ease in the board room or the technology center. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sales Agent American Income Life 2015 to Present • Call on clients to set up appointments  • Perform analysis of current Insurance needs.  • Present options for Insurance products  State of Georgia, Disability Adjudication Services IT Manager 2010 to 2015 • Managed Network and Service Desk teams for 500+ end users in 5 locations.  • Implemented Service Desk issue processing and capture.  • Identified and implemented business re-engineering efficiencies for Examination Scheduling Unit.  • Implemented Electronic Medical Record interface with Grady Hospital to reduce turnaround to 24 hours. Sr. Project Manager Georgia Department of Labor 2007 to 2010 • Project Manager for major project to re-engineer employee tax credit processing.  • Implemented changes to business process to increase efficiency, eliminate backlog.  • Identified and documented system requirements. Territory Manager Advanced Medical Solutions 2006 to 2007 • Primary Sales Account Manager for start-up company  • Responsible for sales of Durable Medical Equipment to the medical industry.  • Developed territorial accounts, performed analysis of potential clients, prioritized client base  • Cultivated relationships with medical personnel and executive clients.  • Conducted meetings with Hospital Executives: designed a system for processing of billing, Medicare paperwork.  • Built initial client base through prospecting, cold calling and marketing to Hospitals, Doctors, Clinics, Home Health Agencies and Assisted Living homes.  • Performed In-Service sales calls to educate clients on the latest Medicare changes and the demonstrated proper application of medical equipment  • Provided excellent customer service above and beyond expectations Customer Relationship Manager Datum Software 2005 to 2005 • IT Staffing Industry: Responsible for sales of consultant resources to the Information Technology industry  • Cultivated long-term relationships with Executive level client account base.  • Analyzed existing accounts for cross-selling opportunities  • Provided solutions based on customer needs.  • Responsibilities include cold-calling on new accounts to grow client base. Maintained existing client base.  • Collaborated with clients to identify and understand resource needs and business needs.  • Provided excellent customer service by providing solutions that meet needs, responding to issues, providing timely feedback.  • Successfully increased resource base by over 10%.  • Increased client account base by 20%.    State of Georgia, Disability Adjudication Services IT Manager WAN Administration 2002 to 2005 • Managed the support teams for LAN/WAN Administration, Web development and Support Center activities.  • Implemented major upgrade to Accounting software in support of Social Security paperless initiative.  • Managed the implementation of changes to capture, store and maintain Electronic Medical Records.  • Successfully implemented system-wide changes to accommodate paperless Electronic Disability (E-Dib) processing.  • Established and maintained Service Level Agreements with client.    State of Georgia, Disability Adjudication Services -  • Reorganized team to establish a Succession Plan within the department: allowed for sharing of knowledge; assured knowledge base does not leave with retiring personnel; established a career path for less senior members. Created and maintained Development Plans for each employee.  • Responsible for managing several million-dollar annual budget  • Defined and implemented Business Continuity Plan. Sr. Project Manager/ IT Manager ALLTEL Information Services 1986 to 2000 Sr. Project Manager:  • Project Manager for the Implementation of enterprise-wide Customer Care and Wireless billing software.  • Worked directly on-site with senior level GTE data center client in resolving production issues on a 24X7 basis.  • Established and maintained Service Level Agreements in conjunction with client.  • Established standards for Root Cause Analysis processes.  • Managed a staff of 14 Client Support programmers, analysts and network administrators in the day-to-day support of the clients' production systems and LAN/WAN networks.  • Managed time and resource allocation, prioritizing incidents and driving quality resolutions in a timely and efficient manner.    IT Manager:  • Hired staff members. Coached, motivated, and formed resources into productive members of the team.  • Managed the career development of over 30 consultants. Worked with team members to identify and establish career objectives; balance individuals' goals with the company's strategic goals and budget constraints.  • Counseled and mentored consultants and junior managers.  • Provided feedback on project performance and prepared annual salary performance reviews.  • Documented and Implemented "Requisition Fulfillment Process", a set of processes to be followed in the hiring of new resources.  • Established and implemented "Rapid Deployment" process of new resources to make them available for on-call within 4-6 weeks. Established standards and training plan to bring new team members "up-to-speed".  • Created and maintained a positive and productive relationship with user community by providing exceptional customer service. Primary liaison between the Support organization and Executive clients.  • Created a forum for interaction with Executive clients for the purpose of prioritizing production incidents. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Analysis Indiana University - Bloomington, IN Skills Account management, Relationship management, Technical design, Business analysis, Budgeting, Quality assurance, Requirements gathering, Mentoring, Team building Additional Information SKILLS:  • Project Management  • Costing and Budgeting  • Implementation Management  • Team Building  • Staff Mentoring  • Cross-Functional Supervision  • Client Relationship Management  • Account Management  • Business Analysis  • Requirements gathering  • Functional & Technical Design  • Quality Assurance, Testing