Sr. Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. Project Manager - Charter Communications Virginia Beach, VA • Led and managed Multi-Million dollar projects across broad technical, financial & business disciplines.  • Prepared detailed Project plans, managed budget/financials and tracked the scheduled project plans and led them to the successful implementation.  • Excellent IT industry experience in Project Management, Leadership, and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) using waterfall, iterative, Agile.  • Extensive Data Warehouse and Data Analysis experience, includes leading teams of data Analysts, data modelers, defining conceptual and logical data models, data governance and data quality rules  • Has knowledge in J2EE. Worked in coordination with J2EE web portal development team for development and support of web-services as a part of legacy integration  • Strong Technical and Business experience in various verticals - Insurance (14 years of experience in Insurance), Banking and Mortgage.  • Created cost-benefit analyses and ROI assessments that were used in decision-making on proposed IT implementation projects  • As part of Resource Planning - Built teams offshore-onsite for various projects. Recruited new team members (Developers, Analysts, Testers) - trained, coached as mentor.  • Strong communication and analytical skills with very good experience in Change management, ITTL and an excellent track record to manage change, mitigate risk, influence and infuse use new ideas and deliver solid business results.  • Extensive experience in Business process analysis and Data analysis CASE tools like ERWIN for Analysis, business process modeling, data modeling and database design (OLTP and OLAP). Built various Logical/Physical data model using forward and reverse engineering.  • Over 10 years of project management experience in Database application utilizing Oracle, Teradata, Informatica and MicroStrategy.  • Built and Led a Matrix structure teams consisting of Business Analysts, Developers, testers & Architect.  • Developed and implemented a number of processes to improve quality and increase productivity in the areas of data quality, code maintainability and customer service  • Accomplished track record of delivering high quality projects with the project boundaries and meeting the compliances and overcoming the constraints.    Skills/Technology Work Experience Sr. Project Manager Charter Communications - St. Louis, MO August 2017 to Present Outage Management & Communications  • Managed multiple projects (IRIS, CIOT, Comm Desk - Dasboard) under Outage Management/Communications Program  • Led the teams through Requirements gathering, Development, Testing and Release  • Led project scoping and estimation activities and worked with appropriate teams to document the project scope and Solution approach. Review plans with business and all stakeholders to get sign-off from the Executive sponsors and Business leadership.  • Weekly interactions with Executives to provide latest updates on all the projects in the Program  • Led numerous GO/NO-GO meetings and worked with Release Management to implement the changes made in iterations of projects successfully  • Successfully deployed IRIS on schedule, within allocated budget  • On boarded resources (Scrum Master, Developers, Business Analysts and Testers) for CIOT, involved in scoping the project to deliver Minimum Viable Product (MVP) for the year  • Supervised the daily stand ups conducted by Scrum Master and helped in solving numerous business & technical blockers Project Manager Nationwide Insurance - Columbus, OH November 2015 to August 2017 Project - Commercial Line Transformation (CLT)  • Managed about 45 members team of Business Analysts, Data Analysts & testers for Commercial Lines Transformation (CLT) and was responsible for gathering requirements for Downstream systems - Inforce, Account Distribution Surcharge (ADS), Commercial Portfolio Data Mart (CPDM), HSB and ISO.  • Conducted daily stand ups as part of Agile methodology to get the status from Business Requirements, Data Analysts, Developers & Testers and to track the progress of the projects.  • Managed identification of opportunities for revenue optimization at the same time ensuring areas of growth and Improvements  • Managed onsite /offshore team for build and deployment activities for data warehouse projects reports  • Resolved Data Gaps - Led Data Analysts team and worked with Policy Center Configuration, Plugin, Message Broker, Integrated Data Interface & Downstream teams to identify the data gaps and create the necessary Policy Center Entities and fields (Data Model Changes) to close the gaps  • Responsible for maintaining the traceability of data gaps to the Business Requirements and resolved over 250 gaps.  • Involved in Inception phase for Commercial Line Transformations - BOP, Business Auto and Workers Comp.  • Used the Guidewire Policy Center knowledge to understand process flow and Policy Center Plugin attributes for Data Mapping the attributes IT Project Manager JP Morgan CHASE - Columbus, OH April 2014 to October 2015 • Managed 42 members for Data Governance team across various locations.  • Coordinating and track the project status and communicate with all stakeholders accordingly  • Involved in fixing technical issues/defects  • Defect Management - As part of Defect management conducting daily status meetings and led a team of Developers & testers to fix and test the open defects and close in a timely manner  • Project management activities and responsible for end to end delivery. Conducted and coordinating daily Onsite-offshore stand ups. IL - IT Project Manager StateFarm Insurance January 2013 to December 2013 • As Project Manager for Auto Phase 1.5 in ICP (Integrated Customer Platform), led and managed onsite and offsite teams of about 80 associates/resources.  • Conducted Project and resource planning prior to kick off and validated the "Plan to Build" criteria and received approvals from leadership to execute the project.  • Led project Initiation and planning processes - Developing Project Charter, Scope. Budget, Resource Plan, Schedule and Governance related processes. Project Manager/Data Warehouse Tech February 2010 to January 2013 • Led project scoping and estimation activities and worked with appropriate teams to document the project scope and Solution approach. Review plans with business and all stakeholders to get sign-off from the Executive sponsors and Business leadership.  • Facilitated Iteration Planning Meeting -Managed Monthly Iteration for Billing and worked with Change Management and ensured that the Request for Changes are created as needed and closed when validated by Change Management team.  • Led a Reporting teams consisting of Developers & testers working on MicroStrategy, Informatica & Teradata. Lead Business Data Analyst Freddie Mac, VA October 2009 to January 2010 For FAS 140 / FIN 46(R) - was involved in Data analysis and used RapidSQL to write queries to help test the reports, document the defects Identified in Clear Quest IT Specialist Nationwide Insurance September 1999 to June 2009 • Expertise in building Data warehouses, Data marts, Data Integration and developing Business Intelligence solutions for Decision Support Systems and OLAP applications. Experienced in database analysis, Database design, Data Quality and data cleansing.  • Played significant role as a liaison between business and the technical team, gathered business requirements and created technical documentation for Sales Reporting team, Agency Premium DWP Report.  • Developed comprehensive project plan and monitored the progress against delivery dates and milestones. Led the team in the analysis, design and developing Agency Premium Growth Report application  • Used MS Visio to carry out the Business modeling. Produced Business and System Context diagrams, Data Flow diagrams and System Interfaces Catalog to assist in impact assessment. Extensively used PowerPoint to present the results to Data warehouse team  • Led team which was responsible for generating various reports for Agency Technology Solutions on a daily, weekly, monthly and yearly basis with great customer satisfaction and 95% success rate. IT Consultant World Bank - Washington, DC March 1999 to August 1999 Responsible for workflow automating of Directors Committee translation application in translating documents used by various translation units to translate into different languages and sent back to Directors Committee after Translation. NC - IT Consultant State Farm Insurance October 1998 to February 1999 Interacted with a business analyst on a weekly basis to gather requirements and design and develop policy letters application to get data from DB2 database and print the Notice letter using Lotus Notes as front end. Education MBA in Finance Franklin University 2007 Skills PROJECT LIFECYCLE, DB2, ORACLE, PL/SQL, SQL Certifications/Licenses Driver's License