Sr. Project Manager (Consultant) Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Consultant) Roanoke, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager (Consultant) Patrick Engineering Inc - Lisle, IL July 2016 to Present Patrick Engineering Inc. (Patrick) is a nationwide engineering, design, project management, and technology firm of about 250 employees based in the Chicago area. My current boss badly needed help managing his team and projects so he recruited me into the company in 2016.     ·      Our GIS team was a small and relatively new technical fish in a big engineering pond. Subsequently, we needed a unique structure for our contracts. I created our Proposal Process, detailing the handoffs and deliverables for creating, drafting, reviewing, and approving our client agreements. I crafted templates for the process, including the Proposal itself, a task and estimating sheet, and an engagement model for contracts involving ongoing maintenance and support.     ·      In December 2016 my boss was inundated with other duties so I began co-managing the team with three others. Two years later I took over the entire team, performing a variety of managerial tasks to help the team prosper and maintain high productivity, quality and timely project delivery, and job satisfaction.    ·      On day 2 of my orientation, I observed that Patrick’s social media presence was lacking. I championed to the President for increase activity in LinkedIn, which led to a seat on a committee that developed Patrick’s Social Media Policy. I have been responsible for training our LinkedIn company page admins, including creation and maintenance of all the training materials. Our LinkedIn postings have gone from one every 6 months to over 1 per week on average.     ·      In addition to managing multiple projects, I have overall delivery responsibility for all our geospatial work and I am often brought in when there are challenges. In 2018 a sister team’s project was in jeopardy due to delays in getting data from an overtaxed team member. I was unfamiliar with the project but stepped in to cover for the project manager, working weekends and evenings to coordinate data delivery and report status to the executive and management team. IT Manager/ Project Manager Consumers Energy - Jackson, MI May 2000 to July 2016 Consumers Energy is a public utility providing electric and natural gas service to over 6.6 million customers in Michigan. I was inspired to major in Computer Information Systems while working part-time at the company as I attended junior college. After I earned my Bachelor’s degree, I joined Consumers officially as a developer and for the next 16 years it was an exciting ride through increasingly complex projects and roles that provided an invaluable amount of human and technical experience.     ·      In 2009 I became Team Lead for a group of talented individuals supporting our SAP EAM module and integration to our mobile field application (ABB’s Service Suite). Three years later, my boss needed someone to take over our Outage Management System/GIS team, supporting Schneider Electric’s Responder and Esri’s ArcGIS software. The team had lost several members as well as their lead, and they were challenged with a lot of large, complex projects. With both of these teams I worked closely with our business partners to ensure quality, cost-efficient, and timely end-to-end delivery of projects, enhancements, break/fixes, and operational support.     ·      During storm electrical outages, every available resource is needed. I was involved in Storm and Crisis duty in several capacities for the better part of a decade. As lead for the SAP EAM team, I managed and was a participating member of a 24x7 on-call support rotation. I also took a lead role on crisis calls to coordinate, troubleshoot issues, and determine root cause. This led to a Storm Management on-call rotation, where I provided first-line support for the storm team during major weather events. I coordinated system health reports and led mitigation of any technology issues for quick resolution.     ·      As a Team Lead, one of my responsibilities was to ensure quality and timely project delivery for projects within my team’s responsibility area.  Projects ranged from $100K to $40 Million, multi-year efforts and were often fraught with issues and burned out team members. I frequently got pulled into estimating/task breakdown workshops and issue mitigation. I also took lead roles in SOW/RFP creation & approvals, requirements gathering, review and approval of documents, and cutover planning.    From 2000 – 2009 I went from developer to Tech Lead on larger and more complex projects, taking on just about every role in the Software Development Life Cycle. Our biggest project was a “big bang” SAP implementation that spanned nearly 3 years. I started that journey doing complex data mapping and then led the integration piece from SAP to Service Suite through 40+ solution designs, months of coordination with an onsite and offshore development team, thousands of test conditions executed under my direction, performance testing and tracking, and heavy deployment planning.     Highlights:    016 Field Systems Services – upgrade to ABB’s Service Suite  Performance Test Lead    2013-2014 OMS (Responder) and GIS Upgrade  Project Delivery Lead – oversight    2011-2012 Outage Map (customer-facing)  Project Delivery Lead – oversight    2011 Managed Sourcing – outsourcing to offshore team  Transition Lead and SME for Work & Asset Management Portfolio     2010 Gas Meter Inspection – form automation  Project Manager    2006-2008 SAP ERP Implementation (EAM module)  Integration Technical Lead (SAP è Service Suite) Education Bachelor's in Computer Information Systems Western Michigan University - Kalamazoo, MI September 1997 to May 2000 Skills Requirements Gathering, Project Coordination, Business Analysis, Management, Project Management, Requirements Analysis, People Management, Emotional Intelligence, Crisis Management, Project Delivery, Writing, Communication, Project Planning Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tqyn5adwvinsjbar Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xpgju7fh6hzc7uce Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.