IT Project Manager - BI Reports <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - BI Reports IT Project Manager - BI Reports West Palm Beach, FL An experienced IT Project Manager with a broad background in delivering business and IT projects involving multi-disciplinary teams of varying sizes and complex programs of work. For more than 9 years as management consultant, provided strategic business solutions, technical vision and solutions development for senior management. A career dedicated to successfully managing projects that solve business challenges using technology in major corporations. Consistently recognized for understanding and leveraging information technology to meet business requirements, improving expense ratios and providing quality deliverables in time.    Skills and General Experience  • Proficient in business process management and highly creative and customer oriented, with an overall understanding of the "Big Picture".  • Excellent organizational skills. Have delivered large and small on-site, virtual projects using outsourced management teams for optimizing cost, compliance, efficiency and performance.  • Strong proficiency in MS Project/ MS Visio/Office 365, Service Now, MS Power BI, and SharePoint portal.  • Strong proficiency in Agile SCRUM, Waterfall methodologies, ITSM and ITIL practices.  • Well versed with Java, J2EE, Java Script, AngularJS, Web Services, Spring, Hibernate, HTML, XML, SAP ABAP technologies.  • Proficient in application servers such as IBM Web sphere 6.0, Red hat JBoss 7.0, Apache and Hadoop grid.  • Proficient in tools such as IBM RAD 7.0, IBM HATS 6.0, Eclipse and version controls SVN, perforce, CVS, clear case.  • Proficient in SQL, Oracle, Teradata and SQL Server.  • Process Analysis and re-structuring for Streamlines Business and IT Operations. Work Experience IT Project Manager - BI Reports Cushman & Wakefield - Chicago, IL September 2016 to June 2019 Cushman & Wakefield is a commercial real estate company with a solid foothold across the globe.    • Worked with large amounts of data and manipulating it in several ways to provide the ability to report to internal and external stakeholders of the business.  • Initiated pre-sales activities, consulting services and prepared proposals.  • Worked in a consultative role to provide "value-added" insights in the form of advice & interpretation, and execution.  • Worked closely with customers on the technical requirements to provide technical solutions - Identified requirements, including technical details enough for product definition.  • Delivered Project plan, managed Change requests, Release and Deployment of dashboards to multiple environments.  • Single point of contact (SPOC) for all communications for customer and nurtured senior management relationship.  • Managed expectations with executive management to ensure that all milestones are delivered within agreed timeframes.  • Held weekly internal and external management meetings to keep stakeholders informed on the progress of the project.  • Delivered multiple reports; Critical Dates, Target market Rent vs Offers, Lease Holdovers, Transaction Schedules, Mark to market variance, Upcoming expansions/Area, Portfolio ownership overview, Largest site cost summary, Upcoming expirations/Area, Building cost/Area, Regional cost Summary, options lease, opportunity lease and lease scoring summary  • Delivered reports: All price renewals report, EMEA LCD dashboard, Deals report, opportunity details report, Top deals report, SFDC portfolio update report and Top X business review dashboard.  • Worked with the business to develop a formal business glossary, defining metrics and KPI's, Customer reporting feedback, Functional KPI performance, Exec KPI performance and SDM performance KPI.  Environment: MS Project, JIRA, Microsoft Power BI service, Power BI Desktop, MS Office 365, DAX, Sales force, Service Now, SAP, Java Script, SQL Server 2012, Visual Studio. IT Project Manager - Critical IT Projects Coca-Cola Refreshments - Atlanta, GA September 2014 to June 2016 Pricing authorization tool (PAT) to meet the needs of new independent bottlers (NIB's) in addition to maintaining current functionality for coca cola refreshments (CCR) with Coke One North America (CONA) data. Responsible for deliver Project Plan, Project Implementation, Change Management, Release Management, Budget Forecast and project close out/hand over to support teams by using ITSM/ITIL best practices.    • Led the analysis of As-Is/To-Be business process with customer management and developed SOA (Scope, Objective and Approach) document used through the life cycle of project.  • Initiated pre-sales activities, consulting services and prepared proposals.  • Worked closely with customers on the technical requirements to provide technical solutions - Identified requirements, including technical details sufficient for product definition.  • Managed design, implementation to extract data from multiple sources CONA, BASIS system, Tera Data and Oracle for automation service process.  • Monitor and organized all Change Requests, Service Requests and Incidents in CONA Service Now portal and communicated status reports to higher management.  • Single point of contact (SPOC) for all communications for customer and nurtured senior management relationship.  • Managed expectations with executive management to ensure that all milestones are delivered within agreed timeframes.  • Held weekly internal and external management meetings to keep stakeholders informed on the progress of the project.  • Kept accurate administrative records of quarterly and year-to-go forecasts, including purchase /spend plans.  • Define and documented all Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).  • Defined project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.  Environment: MS Project, MS Office Suite, Java, J2EE, Java Script, AngularJS, Hibernate, Web Services, Service Now, Clarity, SAP ABAP, Teradata, Oracle, Eclipse and Micro strategy reports. IT Technical Project Manager Nielsen Media Engineering, Tampa January 2011 to August 2014 Nielsen Media Research is one of the largest media measurement companies in the world to measure newspaper, television, radio, web media and mobile phone audiences in their respective media markets.  Responsible to deliver end to end service of multiple projects using ITIL/ITSM best practices, which included change management, incident management, capacity management, asset management, release management, finance forecast and project close out/ handover.    • Delivered multiple projects I2 platform 1.2 (Internet To), iPAD, XCR (Cross Campaign Rating), GTAM (Global Television Audio Meter) and Media Works projects by using best practices of ITSM/ITIL.  • Met with channels/customers to understand their current technical environment, key business issues/drivers, and future technology requirements.  • Provided solutions to infrastructure approval process, workflows and document management.  • Developed and established strong relationships with strategic clients and industry partners.  • Provided product updates and technical advice to clients - Explained technical capabilities and business benefits of solutions to the customer from engineering level to senior executives.  • Delivered services include Change Management, Asset Management, Capacity Management, Incident Management, Finance Forecast, Release Management and status communications to all involved teams.  • Structured SharePoint process to deliver end - end service for all hardware/software requirements to all projects.  • Managed Virtual Machines (VM's), Filers and security threats.  • Single point of contact (SPOC) for all communications for customer and nurtured senior management relationship.  • Held weekly internal and external meetings on progress.  • Maintained operating variance of +/- 10% on monthly $1.5M budget across cost centers to identify productivity and cost savings opportunities while outlining potential risks to project, headcount, and initiatives for senior management.  • Define and documented all ITSM metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).  • Defined project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout project life cycle.  Environment: MS Project, MS Office Suite, Visio, SharePoint, J2EE, Java, Spring, Hibernate, TIBCO, JMS, AngularJS, Sencha Ext JS, Waterfall, Agile Scrum, JIRA, Jenkins, Clarity, VM Ware, vSpheare, Hadoop, JBoss App Server, Linux and Windows XP Professional. IT Manager - Project Management Symantec Inc - Orlando, FL January 2009 to December 2010 Responsible for lead and managing a project team in implementing major enhancements and support to all end-to-end procedures of apropos project. In addition, responsibilities include Project Plan, Project Implementation and status reports on project activities.    • Managed the projects World View, Titan Express and eWFM (enterprise work force management system).  • Holding weekly internal and external meetings in progress.  • Resource estimation and participants needed to achieve project goals.  • Planned, scheduled and monitor the project timelines and milestones of project.  • Assist development teams, support teams in their implementation tasks.  • Conducted project postmortems and created a recommendations report in order to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.  • Led the technical support team for Titan View and eWFM projects and was involved in 24/7 production support activities.  • Worked with senior management to provide status and risks of the projects.  Environment: MS Office suite, MS Project, Visio, Remedy, Web Services, J2EE, JBoss App Server and Windows XP. Education Bachelor's in computer science engineering in computer science engineering University of Madras - Chennai, Tamil Nadu 1995 to 1999