Sr. Project Manager - IT (Gaming Vertical) Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - <span class="hl">IT</span> (Gaming Vertical) Sr. Project Manager - IT Las Vegas, NV • PMI certified Project Management Professional (PMP) since 2005  • 16+ years of project management experience utilizing the PMI methodology and best practices  • Experience using Waterfall and Agile frameworks  • Projects have included process improvement, equipment implementation, hardware & controls implementation, systems integration, software & application development, new product development and marketing strategy   • Project budgets range from $50M to $5MM  • Good to Great (G2G) Program Management ($10MM yearly savings initiative) Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager - IT (Gaming Vertical) Caesars Entertainment - Las Vegas, NV June 2018 to Present • Effectively manage multiple IT projects throughout the project life cycle to ensure project timelines, project budgets, business milestones and project deliverables are met.  • Assess the overall project to identify SOW, perform a WBS and develop the schedule/critical path.  • Manage the project plan to effectively communicate the status to key stakeholders.  • Accountable for identifying & tracking risks/issues, assessing impact, and executing mitigation plans.  • Manage multiple projects with budgets up to $5MM. Project Manager Church & Dwight Co., Inc - Vancouver, WA August 2011 to May 2018 • Managed new product development, systems/software infrastructure upgrades, and capital  expenditure projects utilizing Agile and Waterfall frameworks.  • Delivered projects focusing on systems integrations, hardware & controls  implementations, software & application development, and infrastructure implementations. This  includes HMI SCADA Software (Wonderware InTouch & Historian), Statistical Process Control  software (in-house design), LIMS software, and PLC control systems (CompactLogix).  • Responsible for project scoping, resourcing, scheduling, budgeting, execution, and monitoring & controlling to meet FDA and GMP regulations.  • Established structure and formality to the PMO by introducing documentation and processes to help guide and standardize project management strategies. Project Manager & Project Management Trainer MCM - Vancouver, WA April 2009 to July 2011 • Managed the development and deployment of the Moodle Learning Management System (LMS)  software used for MCM's e-learning framework.  • Co-author of twelve PMI Registered Educational Provider (REP) e-learning project management courses.  • Managed the development of MCM's e-learning courses utilizing Adobe Presenter.  • Developed project management templates to assist professionals align with PMI methodology  and strategies.  • Managed the development of e-learning courses being created by MCM's business partners.  • Instructor of MCM's traditional project management courses for federal, state and local  government agencies, commercial companies, and universities. Project Manager Pinnacle Marketing Group - Vancouver, WA May 2007 to January 2009 Vendor for both Microsoft Corporation and Sony Ericsson - Wireless Marketing Services (Microsoft 15 months / Sony Ericsson 5 months)    Microsoft Project: Empower the EMSS  • Managed multiply projects for the Enterprise Mobility Solutions Specialists (EMSS) department.  • Managed and executed marketing programs and initiatives including device seeding, branded merchandise, and targeted events.    Microsoft Project: Vertical Campaign Kits  • Managed the development of marketing campaign kits for two vertical markets; Healthcare and Financial Services. The objective of each kit was to create an end-to-end campaign that would enable the Mobile Operator and Value Added Reseller (VAR) partners to host trainings, meetings, events, and various marketing initiatives to help showcase the power of Windows Mobile.    Microsoft Project: Industry Event and Booth Management  • Communicated and coordinated with Microsoft stakeholders to determine marketing and management needs for selected events.  • Managed event budgets, registration, booth logistics, and the collateral and merchandise needs for the events.    Sony Ericsson Project: Product Marketing Launch Process  • Communicated and coordinated the new product launch process for mobile devices with Sony Ericsson's Marketing department.  • Managed product briefs, region decks, sell-in decks, collateral, and training decks for both the United States and Canada.    Sony Ericsson Project: Competitor Analysis  • Managed the development of a competitor analysis deck that was created on monthly basis for Sony Ericsson stakeholders. This deck included an executive summary of the mobile carriers, market and promotional activity, competitor analysis and overview, phone carrier SKU analysis, and new product analysis for upcoming mobile devices. Education Master of Education in Guidance and Counseling Heritage University - Toppenish, WA Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology Washington State University - Pullman, WA Associate Degree in Arts and Sciences in Arts and Sciences Columbia Basin College - Pasco, WA Skills Program & Project Management (Waterfall and Agile frameworks), Strategic Planning & Development, Risk & Change Management, Budget Management & Cost Estimation, Marketing Strategy & Communication, Personnel & Account Management, Business Development & Analytics, Process Improvement & Redesign, Training Strategy & Design, Estimating, budget, Outlook, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) #: 244426 Project Management Institute (PMI) Human Resources Certificate Portland State University