IT Project Management Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Consultant IT Project Management Consultant - City of Fort Worth Fort Worth, TX A proven project manager who excels in leading large-scale, enterprise-level implementations with global scope, including managing dozens of resources and budgets, with business benefit upwards of nine figures while applying both Agile/Waterfall or a combination of the two. Excellent analytical and problem solving and dedicated to maintaining high quality standards through iterative development, embracing change and continuous prioritization. Effectively communicates with cross-functional teams to develop and deliver solutions that create competitive advantage, enhance operational efficiencies, and improve top/bottom lines. Work Experience IT Project Management Consultant City of Fort Worth - Fort Worth, TX 2019 to Present City of Fort Worth    • Leading a complex implementation focused on the replacement of the Security enterprise system and all the obsolete hardware for surveillance and access control in the City of Fort Worth with an expected lifetime investment of over 12M.  • Third party vendor management and software implementations (e.g., digital transformation enabling predictive solutions, mobile applications, cloud based SAAS solutions).  • Department IT business partner/ Liaison (e.g., Aviation, Property Management) led effort to reengage Aviation department to improve business relationship and strategy planning. Self-Employed Self-Employed - Flower Mound, TX January 2016 to February 2019 Freelance Writer, Project management Contributor    • Provided freelance work on technical documentation, training materials and content articles for project management through Fiverr. (e.g., Agile, Waterfall, Leadership, Team building)  • Rated as a top writer for Quora, consulting clients on project management.    • Leveraged business and technical acumen to develop concepts and create a science fiction novel for publication. Senior IT Program/ Project Manager Microsoft / Nokia 2006 to 2015 • Led multiple projects concurrently, overseeing cross-functional teams with up to 25 resources and multimillion-dollar budgets; projects created business value upwards of $100M.    • Led regional transformation to a scaled Agile environment by training, organizing, and managing multiple Scrum teams with a multi-product backlog using a fixed release schedule which included coaching scrum masters and product owners in their roles.  • Implemented legacy migration of Nokia acquisition to SAP platform, creating a new strategic business unit.  • Delivered complex ERP solution covering half dozen EDI messages new to Nokia, requiring customization of virtual warehouse in SAP which impacted both forward and reverse logistics processes.  • Headed effort for global rollout requiring multiple waves of customer launches to deliver Microsoft surface to the existing Nokia customer network; created planning documents and led kick-off phase one while ensuring a successful project management hand-off and ongoing project support.    • Negotiated a phased approach to ensure successful product launch between Nokia and AT&T leading a scrum of scrums environment; exceeded expectation on the completion of the Nokia solutions and drove go-live with no order delivery failures following cutover. Resulted in daily transfer of strategic point-of-sale data from AT&T and position Nokia for future business.  • Engaged shipping and IT teams at Vietnam factory to ensure holiday shipments were successful during a critical warehouse management system (WMS) process change before and during Christmas deliveries.    IT ERP Manager Americas (2003-2006)  • Managed a team of 30+ IT professionals responsible for all support, deployment, and creation activities in the Americas region; administered a $6M budget and vendor contracts.    • Developed and implemented internal training to address resource capability gaps to align with business strategy.    • Led IT organizational transformation to merge Americas IT development portfolio under one manager.    • Served as portfolio manager for IT application initiatives in the Americas region and actively participated as IT sponsor in related project steering committees.    • Managed Americas cross-functional teams for localization testing for SAP upgrade as IT project manager. IT Finance & HR Team Lead Nokia - Irving, TX January 2000 to June 2003 • Managed 15 finance and human resources IT professionals and a $2M budget for creation, deployment, and support activities in the Americas; aligned training and vendor management to ensure capabilities met business strategy.    • Led IT transformation to integrate tier one service desk resources in the application that was deployed throughout the organization; developed and deployed a multi-tier skill training program.    • Implemented US tax compliance solution as an IT project manager and SAP FICO configuration owner, negotiating a supplier contract with Vertex and procurement of new hardware to host it. IT Applications Specialist Microsoft / Nokia - Fort Worth, TX January 1997 to January 2000 • Provided advanced support for a host of Oracle modules (financials and supply chain).    • Created a custom sales application and trained sales staff in flexible reporting.    • Designed and executed all master data migration requirements during the Nokia move from Oracle to SAP.    • Analyzed business requirements and implemented configuration and programming solutions (ABAP) for the financials (FI/CO) modules as an SAP FICO configuration owner. Education BBA in MIS University of North Texas Skills Sap, Sharepoint, Edi, Ms project, Visio, Artemis, Planview, Ms office, PM, Waterfall, SDLC, Scrum Master Assessments Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/vrujuklccy7mcay4 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Technical Skills: Artemis Resource Planner, PPM/Planview Pro, Microsoft Foundation Server, MS Office, MS Project, Visio, OneNote, SharePoint, Yammer, Slack, Messenger, EDI, SAP, HPQC