Director IT Project Management Director <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Director IT Project Management - United Healthcare Westfield, MA Program Director with over 30 years of experience in the insurance, financial and nuclear engineering industry. Analytical problem solver offering impressive track record of success executing all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC) as well as expertise in project management office creation, program management, and senior management communications delivery. Detail-oriented leader who confidently leads and motivates teams while facilitating technology installations and upgrades. Work Experience Director IT Project Management United Healthcare - Hartford, CT 2010 to Present UHC IS: Led the automation portfolio within the provider line of business. .Led programs to migrate membership claims and billing balances for M&R acquisitions ($10M) to the strategic UHC platforms. Led the migration for the Oxford business ($50M) and provided the key interface between business and technology at the senior leadership level. Delivered program communications utilizing key metrics detailing progress. Developed and cultivated key business relationships with vendors, business partners, technical leadership, and internal teams. Helped develop a strategy across multiple releases for each of the programs managed.  EPMO: Managed a portfolio to include multiple programs to support the projects for the PRIME, ACIS suite, ORS, MAPS, GPS, MBTI, DMS, and Operational Reporting applications. The total portfolio budget consisted of $35M including strategic development planning for systems consolidation. Led a team of 20+ project managers to include contract and offshore resources. Examples include:  • Helped develop playbooks within the UHC IS portfolio  • Delivered strategic planning for the program managers, cross application and application project management activities to eliminate redundant processes.  • Helped influence the successful release for the CIP migration through the early requirements and development phases of the project.  • Monitored the budget and made key recommendations regarding variances across the M&R and Oxford migrations.  • Developed the skills and abilities of team members through mentoring and leveraging training opportunities IT Program Director The Hartford - Hartford, CT 2004 to 2009 Led activities associated with the migration of the property casualty business to the new strategic platform. Administered a $150M program budget with a maximum annual spend of $28M over 5 years. Performed oversight for a team of 7 direct reports with an organization including business analysts, developers, vendor resources and offshore resources. Provided mentoring to technical leads and project managers as well as supporting individual projects.  Other activities included:  • Transformed existing stalled project to replace personal lines for Auto New Business policy administration system; turned program around to achieve forward movement without loss of auto policy sales or business opportunities.  • Delivered successful execution of $40M project to convert the variable annuity system (VAS) from a mainframe application to UNIX platform. Conversion allowed processing of backdated transactions in a single day. Directed a team of 10 project managers, 3 test coordinators, as well as coordinated 300+ designers, developers, business analysts and testers. Program earned The Hartford Life Dream Team President's Award.  • Spearheaded company's 1st enterprise-wide project management event hosted by The Hartford Technology Services Company  • Selected to receive 2 Peer Recognition Awards for the VAS Replacement Project and the project management event. PMO Manager / Application Development Manager DST Output - South Windsor, CT 2002 to 2004 Led a team of 10 business analysts and developers focused on development activities for financial statements, healthcare statements, and mail inserts. Provided project management over the requirements and development, created project plans and resolved client concerns. Maintained business relationships with clients and vendors throughout the SDLC for the various projects. Ensured timely execution of large scale and diverse projects within aggressive schedules and budget specifications.  • Streamlined operations and optimized efficiency through redesigning the statement for Manulife Financial utilizing the Exceed product.  • Established PMO for the company, including creating SDLC processes to include documentation of requirements, development specifications, testing plans, and implementation planning. Project Manager Mass Mutual - Springfield, MA 2001 to 2001 Orchestrated the redesign of the company website, including determining project scope, performing business analysis, documenting requirements, strategic planning, and project closeout. Presented project updates to senior management at weekly metrics meetings. Ensured project delivery within timelines and budget. Liaised between web developers and application developers. Project Manager Travelers Life and Annuity - Hartford, CT 2001 to 2001 Managed team of 5 consultants, 4 content specialists, and 4 web developers implementing 3 concurrent projects. These include addition of the MSN portal to the company website, security infrastructure, and documentation of the SDLC. Planned project schedules and allocated resources. Coordinated with legal, business partners, and IT departments to determine the legal requirements, business content, and quality assurance. Project Manager Merallis - Rocky Hill, CT 2000 to 2001 Managed project for creation of data warehouse for healthcare information incorporating HIPAA regulations using relational database and Oracle technology. Led project team as database architecture and warehouse design and development team. Ensured completion of all phases of project lifecycle and reporting requirements. Facilitated phase gating for implementation. Introduced SDLC processes into project delivery procedures. Nuclear Engineer / Project Manager ABB Combustion Engineering - Windsor, CT 2000 to 2001 Delivered numerous nuclear reactor safety analysis projects within global organization, along with providing on-site support during plant start-ups across the US. Performed business analysis and formed strategic alliances with reload design teams providing nuclear plant safety analyses.  • Crafted nuclear power plant simulation software application development projects associated with monitoring of the reactor core performance throughout the operating energy cycle.  • Achieved Superstar Project Manager Award for superior quality of the core data book project and high client satisfaction rate. Education Bachelor of Science in Geophysics University of Connecticut Master of Science in Information Systems Western New England College University of Hartford Sloan Executive in IT Leadership and Management MIT Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), PROGRAM MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), PROJECT PLANNING (Less than 1 year), VENDOR MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Core competencies include:  • Program management • Project Planning • Team Leadership  • Vendor Management • Workforce Planning • Outsourcing  • Cross Functional Coordination • System Design • Change Management