Security IT Project Manager Security <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Security IT Project Manager Lake in the Hills, IL Work Experience Security IT Project Manager Insight Enterprises/TrueValue - Chicago, IL May 2019 to August 2019 Responsible for the delivery of IT/Security related projects for True Value corporate offices and companies across the globe. Project consists of Email Threat Prevention solutions, O365 Security Assessment, Security Policy refresh, Cary Office Scan migration, TruSites Upgrade, SaaS Cloud Security Assessment, VM - Application Security Scanning, VDI Infrastructure Upgrade, AIX Replatform security assessment, .NET Upgrade Project. Technology Portfolio Delivery Manager Mastech Digital/PNC Bank October 2018 to February 2019 Pittsburg, PA    Responsible for the delivery of IT related projects for PNC's banking systems NFS storage arrays and Network Encryption of data on PNC's network. Responsible for creating MS project plans and schedules for PNC's Platform Engineering team. Responsible for the scheduling of the Network infrastructure meetings involving the Mainframe moves and creating the power point decks for the 2019 initiatives. Working with the vendors to move the equipment from the old DC to the new DC. Created the Power Point decks for the 2019 scheduled projects to be approved by the finance department. Worked with client PNC bank with data center migrations and disaster recovery projects for banking platforms. Worked with staff with Active Directory projects and Windows 365 upgrades. Senior IT Project Manager Technocrats Domain/Hollister Inc - Libertyville, IL January 2018 to August 2018 Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving EDI upgrade, circuit install project for 12 sites, server upgrade and storage upgrades. Utilizing project management software for development and tracking of standard management documents in alignment with the Project Management Institute best practices. Responsible for MS Project plans, project schedules and middleware projects. Responsible for weekly status reports to senior management. Worked with technical staff for Active directory upgrades. Senior IT Project Manager Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL June 2017 to October 2017 Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving data center migrations, Call Center implementations, Wireless upgrades and business unit upgrades. Responsible for MS Project plans, project schedules and middleware projects.  Responsible for weekly status reports to senior management. Responsible for assets management of computer equipment and software. Senior IT Project Manager Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL January 2017 to June 2017 Responsible for IT Infrastructure projects involving middleware projects with creations of DEV environments and VMware environments for AMH Swift and EBP Projects for NT Environments. Responsible for creating MS Project plans and project schedules for team members to follow. Currently I have worked, with technical teams offshore and onsite for creating new servers and domains for Northern Trust. Responsible for weekly status reports for managers and team members for project status. Managed WebLogic team to install WebLogic software on new NT environments. Senior IT Project Manager Daimler Trucks - Portland, OR September 2016 to January 2017 Responsible for IT infrastructure projects involving server upgrades, data center migrations business center moves and wireless related upgrades. Responsible for working with the middleware teams to create dev environments and VMware environments. Responsible for creation of MS project plans and project schedules for teams to follow. Responsible for weekly status reports for management and teams to review progress of projects. IT Project Manager ATS/ES - Hoffman Estates, IL December 2015 to May 2016 Tate & Lyle    * Responsible for the Network Separation Security project for Tate and Lyle Loudon Tennessee to separate the Process and Business network traffic between the network core switches. Also working on the Loudon CoGen project for the Gas turbines in the processing plant. Working with monitoring tools and appliances such as Industrial Defender ASA monitoring appliances.  * This project consists of a 66-million-dollar upgrade to some Gas turbines that will be installed in June of 2016. They are installing conduit and fiber runs from the Operations building and CoGen buildings with new network core switches in place to connect to the buildings. Program Manager ICS Consulting August 2015 to October 2015 Sun Prairie Wis  QBE  * Responsible for the TSA responsibilities for the MLS sale to National General. Responsible for the IT infrastructure transition between the two companies prior to LD1 and after the sale. Responsible for the hardware and software being transition over to MLS in a proper business mode.  * Responsible for scheduling the meetings for each of the IT work steams to work together between the two companies. Work streams consisted of Networking, Server, Citrix, Storage, EUC, Security, I3, Messaging, Desktop Support, Middleware, and Build and Release. Also responsible for weekly and monthly status reports to upper management Senior IT Project Manager Capgemini/Sogeti - Lake Forest, IL February 2015 to August 2015 Contractor  Tenneco    * Responsible for IT management of projects involving server upgrades SAP GUI projects and server migrations. Scheduling the technical teams to coordinate the required work. Responsible for creating MS project plans. Storage arrays project upgrades etc Working on storage related projects for the data center and network teams. Also working on Internet Explorer upgrade testing project. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Netrixllc - Bannockburn, IL October 2014 to January 2015 Contractor    * Responsible for file server migration of File shares and cost centers packets for NewEdge. Responsible for the SharePoint schedule and weekly status reports for the client New Edge. Also responsible for creating PowerPoint documents and communications e-mail to the cost center owners across the country. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Insight Global - Vernon Hills, IL March 2014 to September 2014 Contractor    * Responsible for the Site Separation projects for the JAPAC region for AbbVie. Abbott and AbbVie are separating the two companies. I am responsible for the network split between the two companies regarding the servers, routers, switches, Wireless AP etc.  * I was responsible for the site schedules for over 100 sites across the country and MS project plans for each site. Also responsible for scheduling the conference calls and weekly status reports to upper management.  * Responsible for the MS project plans for each site and the hardware that needs to be installed at the sites. Responsible for the team conference calls and weekly status reporting to upper management. We use SharePoint as a tool to share information with team members. Senior Infrastructure Project Manager Viva USA - Madison, WI June 2013 to February 2014 Contractor    * Responsible for IT Infrastructure related projects for the State of Wisconsin. Responsible for the creation of MS Project plans for the state agencies for the (DET) Division of Enterprise Technology Wisconsin area.  * Working with senior management to create Project Charters and proposals for departments such as the DOJ, DOR, DOC, DNR, DWD, DOT, DHS, DOA and Capitol Police etc. I am responsible for weekly status reports and communication plans for my projects and team members to deliver projects on time and within budget. Responsible for asset management of all computer equipment. Worked on IVR projects for their call centers. Infrastructure Project Mgr U.S. Cellular - Bensenville, IL February 2013 to April 2013 Contractor    * Responsible for the R2 Environment Build out of U.S. Cellular®'s billing system. Responsible for creating MS Project plans. Scheduling and budgets, weekly status reports keeping team members focused and on track with the budget.  * Worked with the applications project manager to get the hardware in place for the code to be applied to the hardware from Amdocs. I was also responsible for scheduling the conference calls for the teams to get their status reports. I also worked with the technical teams to order the hardware for the projects. We used SharePoint for information sharing with team members. Project Manager Kantar ITP - Lisle, IL February 2012 to September 2012 * Responsible for the Global Project Management of IT related projects for Kantar ITP and their operating companies across the globe. Responsible for Data center Migrations, Server moves, Office Moves, Citrix Upgrades, Office Moves, E-mail migrations and Data Circuit moves. Responsible for creating MS project plans, scheduling and budgets, weekly status reports to management and team members. Also responsible for the Procurement of all hardware related for the IT Projects that are assigned to me such as EMC storage Arrays, Servers WAP's, routers etc.  * I was responsible for physical and virtual migrations P-V, V-V and P-P. Responsible for setting up the meetings and conference calls for all the technical meetings between the teams. Used Prince2 methodology for projects involving IT infrastructure related moves and upgrades. Ordered Cisco 1140 Series IOS wireless LAN LWAPP for each and every remote site for my infrastructure projects. Scheduled the technicians to install the Cisco WAP for each site. Network Project Manager IBM Corp - Dubuque, IA December 2009 to December 2011 * Responsible for the Global Project Management of IT related projects for IBM external and internal customers providing Infrastructure experience for multiple clients across the country which include Data Centers, Call Centers and Satellite remote sites which consist of Global Site Migrations responsible for all the network equipment being installed at each site and Data Centers.  * Managed and coordinated schedules for each site for network installations. Providing the technical solutions for PDR's and CSM's for my client's business operations across the country. Coordination of server builds for the data centers and remote sites.  * Ordering of T1, DS3 and PRI voice circuits for the client. Coordinating the installations of Cisco 3750 switches in the client's sites for the corporate offices and remotes sites. Ordering and scheduling the HP Blade Servers for 7 Data Centers and Call Centers across the country.  * Responsible for ordering and installing the Cisco 11500 Load Balancers for my client's data centers and, EMC storage arrays. Using MS Project 2007 to track all projects for each site. Scheduling the vendors to do the CAT6 wiring for the remotes site for MJN.  * Worked with the Voice PM to have the Cisco 7942/7962 phones configured and installed at each site for MJN. Worked with the IVR team to have the recordings setup for multiple call centers for the Spain, India and other remote call centers locations. Coordinated the assigned work to be done by the teams across the globe or the IVR projects. Project Manager AT&T - Hoffman Estates, IL June 2008 to November 2008 * Responsible for the Project Management of Data Centers and Call Centers for AT&T's business partners which involve consolidations of all existing network connections to a standard Primary/Secondary design for each business partner, to support network integration.  * The consolidation of these network connections eliminates network routing conflict allowing the integrations of the legacy networks into a single network infrastructure and reduce overall operating cost by eliminating redundant connections to a single Business Partner.  * Worked with technical teams to have HP servers installed for major moves and upgrades of Data Centers. Worked with application and infrastructure migration projects from conception to implementation. Manage and coordinated schedules, financials, and communication around various work streams. Reporting of project status to stakeholders and project team on a weekly basis. Project Manager Voice & Data PepsiAmericas, Inc - Schaumburg, IL July 2007 to January 2008 Consultant  * Responsible for the Project Management of Voice Pick and Power Pre-Sell for PAS. Responsible for the warehouse distributions centers ordering of all hardware and scheduling installations of all hardware on site at the centers. Also responsible for working with a variety of vendors to get equipment shipped to locations in a timely manner that involves CO3 Voice Pick Project and Power Pre-Sell (symbol handheld devices).  * The Voice Pick project is a 10 million dollar plus hardware project for all their distribution centers across the country. Responsible for creating policies documents and hardware handbooks for field teams to follow procedures and policies for PepsiAmericas, Inc. Project Implementation Mgr AT&T - Lisle, IL June 2006 to July 2007 * Responsible for the Project Management of AT&T EVPN projects and deliverables. Project consists of capturing milestones and major deliverables which involve initial network installation and migration of the USPS UCC across the country involving the United States Postal Service.  * Also responsible for the scheduling of the DTAC technicians and the ISW technicians across the States for the United Postal Service. Responsible for the metrics reports for the AT&T director for the project management group involving all sites completed and incomplete due to problems in the field with ISW issues. Master Scheduling of fifty sites per day for the PMO office across the States which were prepared developed and coordinated by me working a dual role as a Master Scheduler for the PMO office.  * This project involved getting data circuits installed for clients which involved Cisco routers, switches T1 lines etc. . Used MS project as a tool to manage and track project deliverables for clients. Project Manager Voice & Data Valcom - Niles, IL June 2005 to June 2006 Market Expansion Project Manager    * Responsible for IT Infrastructure Project Management, of technical support projects and deliverables for the Market Expansion Project teams to capture milestones and major deliverables, identify and raise risk issues. Provide operational support in areas of reporting to Portfolio Managers to open up new stores for Grainger. Technical advisor to get servers, routers, access points, switches, computers, printers, and hubs installed in the branches for new and existing branches for Grainger.  * Working with technical associates to have SAP database software installed on client's PC's in the field using remedy-ticketing system for tech to be assigned the ticket to install software. Senior IT Consultant United Airlines - Elk Grove, IL February 2005 to June 2005 Contractor    * Responsible for LAN/WAN support of Novell Netware applications and proprietary software for United Airlines  * Also responsible for Novell password resets and configurations of MS outlook email applications and working on exchange email administration, VPN remote access support, MAPI administration support, trouble shooting browser related inquires for internet access. Managed and setup email accounts for MS Outlook for United employees and contractors. Senior IT Consultant Kellogg's Company - Elmhurst, IL November 2004 to February 2005 Contractor    * Responsible for desktop, laptop and network support of Computer based equipment for Kellogg's facilities in Elmhurst, IL. Providing second level support with helpdesk to assist customers with networking issues. Using SMS remote tools to access customer's computers in other locations than the main office. Also responsible for ghosting new workstations and setting them up to the LAN. IT Support Consultant Motorola - Libertyville, IL August 2004 to October 2004 * Responsible for desktop, laptop and network support of computer-based equipment for Motorola facilities in Libertyville, IL. Providing second level support with helpdesk to assist customers with networking issues. Using SMS remote tools to access customer's computers in other locations than the main office.  * Managed desktop services team members to provide SLA agreements within network support services department.  * Also provided Imaging and Ghosting of desktop and laptop computers. Managed desktop support team when doing desktop and laptop deployments at multiple locations. IT Laptop Technician Micro Medics - Vernon Hills, IL September 2003 to February 2004 Provided component level repair of Sony, HP, Toshiba, Compaq, IBM, & Dell laptops. Also repaired HP and Epson printers. This involved logic boards, CDRW Drives, LCD displays, FDD Drives, keyboards, modems, mouse track pads, and DVD drives. Senior Communications Contractor Technology Partners - Chesterfield, MO May 2002 to April 2003 * Provided desktop support of application software, TCP/IP protocols, and LAN connectivity through Ethernet connections, using SMS and Dameware remote tools to install software applications throughout the nationwide regions of the SBC Telephone Company.  * Also provided Imaging and Ghosting of desktop and laptop computers. Support of VPN dialup networking support for remote clients in the field and support of Exchange 5.5 and Exchange 2000. Worked with applications teams and outsourced providers to upgrade Oracle software on desktops and laptops. Project Management Specialist Ameritech Services, Inc - Hoffman Estates, IL September 1997 to February 2001 • Managed technical support projects and deliverables. Projected workloads, estimated cost, tracked and reported project progress. Proactively mitigated project risk, ensuring the development of requirements based on customer needs. Managed IT Infrastructure Projects across multiple global regions.  • Projected and allocated budgets, acting as a liaison between the delivery teams and client organizations throughout the project life cycle. Evaluated, recommended, and purchased hardware and software for business unit clients. Managed procurement, vendor relationships, and software/hardware delivery schedules. Interfaced with customer Business Area Partners (BAP) and business unit project management organizations as a single- point -of- contact for Information Technology services delivery.    Notable accomplishments include:  * Coordinated move and upgrade of 47 workstations to Dell Pentium III Desktop workstations with Internet connectivity and Network Printer hook-up in the 520 Federal facilities.  * Coordinated move and upgrade of 500 workstations to Dell Pentium III Desktop workstations with Internet connectivity and Network Printer hook-up in the Hoffman Estates facility.  * Coordinated installation of new network servers and the upgrade of 50 Payroll workstations and installed new software for the automatic call distribution system. Responsible for the installation of routers, switches, servers, and hubs in Data centers and Call centers.  * Worked on merger related projects for Ameritech and SBC during their merger with the two companies.  * Worked on data center migrations for the network side for SBC and Ameritech services. Project Manager Ameritech Services, Inc - Rosemont, IL June 1996 to September 1997 • Desktop support of enterprise IBM, Macintosh and Compaq computer equipment. Transferred to Corporate Finance in December 1996 to assist with ESP, FCP and desktop rollout within Corporate Finance. Responsible for Project Management of Desktop and Laptop rollout of Dell Pentium III workstations with Internet connectivity and Network Printer hook-up for the Hoffman Estates Facility.  • Responsible for gathering information to assess project needs, developing business requirements, preparing project plans to meet user's deadlines and coordinating internal and external suppliers to fulfill user's request. Planned and scheduled team meetings to discuss project scope and work break down structure of project. Developed project plan to work with software developers for (SDLC) software development life cycle using PMBOK methodologies from the PMI institute. Education Associates Degree in Electronic Engineering Technology in Electronic Engineering Technology ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE - Hoffman Estates, IL Bachelor's Degree in Electronic Engineering Technology in Electronic Engineering Technology DEVRY INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY - Chicago, IL Skills Ms project, Visio, Sharepoint, Active directory, Cisco Additional Information state Midwest region, budgets ranging from $250 thousand - $250 million.  * Three years Customer Field Engineering support.  * Six years Computer Operations Mainframe / Client Server support  * Military Communications experience US Army    Technical Hardware: IBM and Macintosh PC repair and maintenance, IBM modem and    Skills: controller installation, IBM 3211 and 4245 printer repair, Compaq laptop, and  IBM desktop and server repair. IBM MVS/XA, 370/3081, 3083, 3090 systems  Hardware Cisco Routers and Switches and Novell Synoptic TCP/IP protocols,  Wireless access points, and Compaq servers. SAN Routers, WAN Routers, F5 Load  Balancers, IBM Servers, Unix, VMware, EMC Storage, Cisco WAP's, Cisco 3750 switches, HP Blade Servers, BL460c, HNAS, Palo Alto Firewalls, Nerc CIP Network, Industrial Defender ASA monitoring appliances.    Software: Novell NetWare, Versions (4.11b, 4.11a, 4.5, or 4.3) Network Operating System (NOS), MS DOS, Windows, MOSS, MS Office Suite, MS Mail, MS Schedule Plus, Lotus Notes, IBM-LAN (Local Area Network), IBM-WAN (Wide Area Network), CC Mail, Windows 95/98/NT 2000, XP, Ghost, SAP, Command Level CICS, IMS, MVS, VTAM, TSO/ISPF and JES2 Commands, PeopleSoft, Citrix, FCP, Remedy v6, Clarify, Coupa, Planview Vantive, Webspoc, Dameware, Visio, Oracle, VPMO, SharePoint ,PC Anywhere, Confluence, Jira, Service Now, Daptiv, SCCM Horizon and Teloquent. Also experienced with Microsoft SMS version 1.2, MS Office, MS Outlook and MS Project/MS Project server and VOIP. Experience with VPN dialup networking software for remote users. Microsoft exchange 5.5 & 2000 maintenance and administration. MS Project 98, 2007, 2010. Asset Management of computer equipment and software. Windows O365 and Active directory upgrades. Skype for Business and Office 365. Used Agile and Waterfall Methodology for Infrastructure projects. Worked on IVR projects for IBM/Mead Johnson for their 7 call centers and the State of Wisconsin for the DHS.