Principal Technical Project Manager Principal Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Principal Technical Project Manager - Qualys, Inc New Market, MD Cleared, certified, Project Management Professional with over 19 years of experience managing the design, development, implementation and operation of information technology projects. Proven technical project management capabilities combined with outstanding leadership and creative problem solving skills. Excellent customer interaction skills complimented by the ability to communicate complex concepts and ideas to both technical and non-technical individuals. Work Experience Principal Technical Project Manager Qualys, Inc - Raleigh, NC January 2019 to Present • Serve as primary liaison between key account customers and internal Qualys support teams to manage and resolve issues associated with the Qualys Cloud Platform.  • Proactively identify and escalate high priority issues while managing customer expectations regarding their resolution.  • Develop and institute business processes for issue prioritization, escalation and reporting. Program Manager U.S. Dept. of State - Washington, DC August 2018 to January 2019 Served as Program Manager overseeing data center support service engagements under a multi-year IDIQ contract with the U.S. Department of State. Senior Manager Software Products, DELL Technologies, Inc - McLean, VA September 2015 to June 2018 • Managed a product team composed of IT and security professionals in the Specialty Software Solutions division responsible for the development, deployment and support of the Viewtrust governance, risk and compliance (GRC) software product. Responsibilities included management of the service delivery and product support teams, project management for all product development and deployment efforts, budget and expense control on all departmental activities and providing technical support to the product marketing department.  • Developed and managed a Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP) product offering utilizing a SIEM-enhanced version of Virtustream's Viewtrust risk and compliance management software product in support of a $1.8M, three-year project for a major commercial account.  • Served as Project Manager on product deployments for US Federal government customers (US Army, US Coast Guard, US Department of State, US Department of the Treasury) and a variety of domestic and international commercial customers.  • Served as Scrum Product Owner working with domestic and off shore development teams to identify and prioritize product enhancements, upgrades and bug fixes and track status in Jira. Worked closely with development team and Scrum Master to define requirements, generate user stories, drive development and test and deploy new software releases. Senior IT Program Manager U.S. Federal Trade Comm - Washington, DC June 2014 to June 2015 • Served as Project Management consultant supporting IT modernization and Disaster Recovery (DR) projects for the OCIO's Project Management Office (PMO) at the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Duties included providing Project Management guidance in the areas of project initiation, requirements identification, scope definition, development of work breakdown structures and schedules, cost estimating, milestone definition, risk management, communications management, monitoring and controlling and project closeout.  • Deployed an Alternate Data Center (ADC) facility to provide the off-site secondary storage and processing components of a Disaster Recovery (DR) capability.  • Conducted a Business Impact Assessment (BIA) to quantify and prioritize the criticality of enterprise systems in support of the development of a DR solution.  • Deployed Personal Identity Verification (PIV) card two-factor authentication capability for logical access in compliance with HSPD-12.  • Resolved findings from IG audit by deploying a Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) system and developing the associated business processes. IT Project Manager U.S. Federal Trade Commission - Washington, DC December 2013 to June 2014 Served as IT Project Manager applying PMBOK best practices to manage the procurement, installation and deployment of a Cisco-based network infrastructure for the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's new data center supporting over 600 local users as well as certain non-critical IT operations across the FTC. Duties included identifying requirements, defining project scope, developing work breakdown structure and schedule, generating cost estimates, procuring equipment, identifying milestones, analyzing project schedule and managing relationships with contractors. Served as primary point of contact with government Contracting Officer's Representative (COR). Project Manager M.C. Dean, Inc - Dulles, VA April 2010 to November 2013 • Served as Project Manager supporting the Antiterrorism/Force Protection (ATFP) Division PMO on work performed under multiple task orders with SPAWARSYSCEN, Charleston, in support of United States Marine Corp (USMC) and Intelligence Community (IC) customers.  • Served as Project Manager applying PMBOK Best Practices to Physical Security/Public Safety systems deployment projects over the full project lifecycle. Identified requirements, defined project scope, developed work breakdown structures and schedules, generated cost estimates and budgets, identified milestones and analyzed project schedules using critical path/critical chain techniques.  • Led a system engineering effort that utilized a team of engineers from three subcontractors to conceptualize, design, procure and deploy a customized P25 Land Mobile Radio (LMR) system for an IC customer's Public Safety division. The resulting system provided improved wireless coverage throughout the campus, reach back to a pre-existing radio site and full system redundancy.  • Responsible for managing, budgeting, scheduling and executing the design, procurement and deployment of classified Physical Security/Public Safety systems for an IC customer. System suppliers included Software House, Harris (M/A-COM), CACI-Systemware, Bosch and Pelco.  • Managed a matrixed team providing deployment and Operations and Maintenance (O&M) support for components of an Integrated Security Program for an IC customer. Senior IT Program Manager Ultra Electronics, Inc. / 3eTI Inc - Rockville, MD August 2001 to April 2010 • Managed IT team providing applications and network infrastructure Operations and Maintenance (O&M) and procurement support for Naval District Washington (NDW) with a yearly contract value of $5M.  • Developed the Maryland Emergency Management Agency (MEMA) Tracking System under a U.S. Government Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) contract. This system allows MEMA Emergency Management personnel to track multiple agents or field workers equipped with GPS-enabled mobile devices via a real-time, web-based Geographic Information System (GIS).  • Managed the installation, upgrade, expansion and ongoing maintenance of the NDW Public Safety Division's Lenel On-Guard physical security systems across eight regional locations. Served as primary point of contact (POC) between the government Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) and security system contractors.  • Achieved Information Assurance (IA) accreditation for components of Department of Defense (DOD) IT networks and systems.  • Managed development of the Regional Geographic Information System (RGIS) for United States Navy's Navy Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) Public Safety and Naval Facilities Engineering Command (NAVFAC) divisions. RGIS consists of a Geographical Information System (GIS) based on the ESRI ArcSDE, ArcIMS, and ArcGIS platform, an in-house developed middleware component to provide for the acquisition of real time sensor data, and a web services component to display the georeferenced data.  • Managed development of a location-enabled, automotive roadside assistance call center application for the General Electric Financial Assurance (GEFA) group. The application allows roadside assistance calls from mobile devices to a GEFA customer service representative (CSR) to be co-routed through a private branch exchange (PBX) to the CSR's voice line and the software application where client location and subscriber information is displayed. Senior Program Manager Aether Systems Incorporated - Owings Mills, MD September 2000 to July 2001 • Identified new business opportunities in the areas of telematics and location-based services for the consumer, B2B and Physical Security/Public Safety markets.  • Assessed customer needs, developed program schedules and generated progress reports.  • Led cross-functional proposal response team composed of system architects, engineers, technical writers and members of legal and business development groups. Program Manager Vantage Tracking Solutions - Herndon, VA March 1999 to September 2000 • Supported key accounts, provided technical support to sales staff, identified customer requirements, and managed customer evaluations of Vantage's satellite-based GIS trailer tracking product.  • Developed methodologies to monitor and analyze performance of Vantage's customer evaluation (beta) fleet allowing for the identification and timely resolution of product performance issues. Education Project Management Professional Johns Hopkins University - Baltimore, MD BS in Chemistry University of Maryland, College Park - College Park, MD Skills Scheduling, Outlook, Maintenance, budget, Estimating