SR IT & PROJECT MANAGER SR <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SR IT & PROJECT MANAGER Joliet, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SR IT & PROJECT MANAGER CHICAGO FIRE SOCCER CLUB - Bridgeview, IL July 2006 to Present TOYOTA PARK / SEAT GEEK STADIUM (Home of Chicago Fire)  ? Supervise several employees to support the IT needs of over 150 employees and ensure tasks are completed on-time and on-budget.  ? Maintained on-site servers for the past 12 years and successfully migrated applications to the cloud including phone system, email, CRM, SeatGeek ticket platform and financial platforms.  ? Perform technology and game day operations for over 30 events per year including Manchester United vs Fire event at Soldier Field in front of 61,000 fans  ? Facilitate and maintain network connection for remote downtown office and recreational facility  ? Excellent working knowledge in the setup of audio equipment: 8 and 12-channel soundboards, amplifiers, microphones, loudspeakers, and related technology.  ? Reduced overhead and increased revenue through sponsorship agreements  ? Coordinated local and national TV broadcasts needs  ? Work with concert and sport promoters including US Soccer, Live Nation, Jam USA, AEG and others international promoters to produce quality shows and events  ? Manage cloud-based Ring Central phone system for Chicago Fire and Cisco VOIP telephone and data network installation for all Village of Bridgeview properties including Toyota Park /SeatGeek soccer stadium  • Successfully coordinated technology projections including installation of Distributed Antenna System, centralized Aruba wi-fi system, Video Assistant Referee and others  ? Maintain security operations from card access and cameras to coordinating with security personnel  ? Worked with Ticketmaster and multiple concession vendors to ensure all critical applications were working on event day. Successfully converted ticket platform to SeatGeek cloud-based SRO  ? Installed and invoiced all technology used by vendors for over 30 events per year.  ? Knowledge of Active Directory, Microsoft Office 365 & Exchange, Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Dynamics CRM, Ticketmaster, SeatGeek SRO & VPN applications PROJECT MANAGER SOUND INC - Naperville, IL October 1996 to July 2006 Project manager for multi-site network and complex call center installations.  ? Set up, implemented and trained over 10 PBX and voice mail systems for companies from 100 to thousands of employees.  ? Controlled inventory, processed orders and resolved billing disputes for accounts  ? Managed several technicians to ensure calls were completed in a timely manner  ? Provided comprehensive support through remote help desk Education Associate Degree in Computer in Computer Joliet Junior College Present High School Diploma Beecher High School 1992 Skills Information Technology, Project Management, Active Directory, Technical Support, Windows, Networking Certifications/Licenses Driver's License