HR Project Administrator HR <span class="hl">Project</span> Administrator Project Coordinator/Analyst Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience HR Project Administrator CHANGE HEALTHCARE - Alpharetta, GA February 2018 to Present •·        Assisted in implementing Workday HCM to include recruiting and compensation modules.  ·        Case management for full RFP for 7 companies, third party vendor and then assisted with the cloud build delivery, user security and mitigated between the business and the vendors to ensure stabilization period.  ·        Delivered system training, including manager self-service, onboarding, job/comp changes and delegations.  ·        Coordinate and schedule training and development and ensure completion of mandatory trainings.  ·        Provide reporting and data analysis from HRIS systems.   ·        Manage employee files in Workday and I-9 documentation  ·        Provide reporting to direct management on project status, project metrics,  projects risks and mitigation to ensure timely and predictable revenue recognition on accounts assigned  ·        Facilitate individualized assessments for background checks, including the review of background check results and adjudicated candidate responses to determine if applicant meets hiring requirements Logistics Project Analyst KEMIRA - Atlanta, GA October 2017 to February 2018 • Analyzed daily freight flow by using SAP and other planning tools and/or reports to initiate assignment of daily line driver scheduling.  • Utilized well-defined goals, and positive work ethic to establish a spirited organizational culture throughout the company.  • Freight terms optimization-convert supplier managed freight costs imbedded in first cost to managed freight  • Executed weekly performance management metrics reviews for outbound transportation and derive improvement plans  • Prepared and lead Ops calls and daily business reviews updating stakeholders and management  • Managed transportation schedules and reviews them with the fulfillment centers weekly Sr. Logistics Order Manager RICOH-USA - Duluth, GA November 2016 to May 2017 • Supported and directed day to day purchasing activities; maintaining inventory levels, continually refining tools to manage inventory replenishment to ensure supply is matched with demand.  • Realized 40 % improvement in effectiveness through improved scheduling, resolution regarding shipping orders and deliveries, quality, and communications.  • Increased inventory fill ratios by 12% and decreased overall company customer disputes by 87% by providing excellent customer service.  • Tracked and developed reports to identify progress and evaluation of employees based on purchase order quantities placed according to client, amounts and process duration  • Responsible for maintaining data integrity in the Oracle database  • Maintain and monitor inventory levels to meet sales forecasting, production schedules, and customer demands. Infrastructure Project Manager FISERV - Alpharetta, GA June 2013 to July 2016 • Lead client-facing project management meetings and conducted and facilitated weekly effective project meetings, including issue tracking, status reports, and executive communication.  • Led server lease replacement project to replace all existing servers in data centers  • Developed budgets and timelines as well as tracking critical project achievements and implemented strategic objectives to ensure achievement of projects and a high level of client satisfaction.  • Managed infrastructure integrations and decommissions of local fiber networks. Facilitated ordering and engineering document regarding acquisitions and mergers.  • Conducted and facilitated weekly effective project meetings, issue tracking, status reports and executive communication.  • Manage IT software / Infrastructure projects using standard Project Management practices and tools to ensure timely and cost effective solutions  • Managed infrastructure data center exits specifically in the arena of server shutdowns and relocations IT Project Analyst CBEYOND/BIRCH COMMUNICATIONS, INC - Atlanta, GA March 2008 to June 2013 • Managed the sub- project and projects plan tasks and tracked project status to ensure that all project participants completed their tasks on time and with quality.  • Met with unit and business leaders to ensure involvement in policy, procedure, and process change discussions.  • Conducted and facilitated effective project meetings, including issue tracking, status reports, and executive communications  • Researched and identified areas for improvement, and developed improvement plans by leading improvement initiatives.  • Coordinated test and turn up with provisioning and customer to ensure successful implementation and deployment of complex orders of company products.  • Coordinated and actively managed the ordering monitoring from order submission through installation and Education Bachelors of Science in Business in Business University of South Carolina Skills ORACLE, SAP, MICROSOFT PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, HR, Human Resources Additional Information TECHNICAL COMPETENCY  Clarity Microsoft Project SharePoint SAP Oracle Daptiv ServiceNow