Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager India Work Experience Senior Project Manager Vodafone Shared Service India Pvt. Ltd April 2019 to Present • Advocate agile methodologies and provide leadership and direction in agile best practices, including artifacts and processes to team members, product owners, and management.  • Coordinate regular meetings including project kickoff, sprint planning, daily stand-up, sprint  reviews, and sprint retrospectives.  • Conduct regular meetings on waterfall projects to make sure on-time deliveries are met.  • Work with quality assurance team to ensure that all the project-related documents are generated in required format such as VROM ( project delivery plan), high-level and low-level design document,  test plans and test cases.  • Monitor progress and team performance throughout the life of the project.  • Research and analysis on the software development tool JIRA and its associated plugins  including Confluence for Document Management and Activity Timeline for Resource  Management.  • Coordinate, monitor, and support other projects on an ad hoc basis considering the business  requirement. Senior Project Manager Fendahl Technology - Pune, Maharashtra January 2016 to October 2017 Commodity trading risk management Senior Project Manager Fendahl Technology February 2013 to October 2017 Coaching the different project management methods (agile and waterfall) and providing strategic  direction to the product owners and management.  • Ensuring that the chosen method of project management is followed and that the project is  completed within the stipulated time with expected quality.  • Guide, coach, and motivate the team to be highly effective, self-organized, productive and accountable, with an emphasis on achieving sprint commitments.  • Liaise between the product owner, development team, and quality assurance team to ensure user  stories and acceptance criteria are clearly defined, understood, and implemented  successfully.  • Work with quality assurance team to ensure that test plans and test cases are developed and executed.  • Partner with the product owner to groom and maintain the product backlog.  • Manage and negotiate scope, timelines, quality, goals and deliverables that support business  goals.  • Set and continually manage expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  • Monitor progress and team performance throughout the life of the project.    Last updated on July 06, 2019  • Work with customer support, development, and quality assurance teams to prioritize, track and communicate status of escalations  • Remove impediments or guide the team to remove impediments by coordinating with cross  functional teams  • Interact with product management team to understand the requirements and project workflow to make the required changes to the system for various projects regularly.  • Create the requirements documents for multiple projects and prepare the project workflow  structure.  • Author and maintain end-user documentation for Fusion CTRM product.  • Fetch the market data from Bloomberg and push into CXL/Fusion and Schedule them in Windows  Task Scheduler.  • Generate GUI screens for the application and perform integration testing with input data to ensure  that the overall functional flow is intact in each module after integration.  • Participate in negotiating with the stakeholder community to deliver the most cost-efficient  solutions that are acceptable to business, platforms, and architects.  • Analyze the defect logged in the defect tracker, create the root-cause analysis documents for all  defects, and review the design document created by others in the team on the change requests from clients. Project Manager CTRM - Nagpur, Maharashtra February 2013 to December 2015 IT Analyst Tata Consultancy April 2011 to October 2012 Telecom    IT Analyst at Tata Consultancy Services April 2011 to October 2012 Technical Associate - Software TechMahindra Limited - Hyderabad, Telangana July 2006 to January 2011 Technical Skills/Tools used  Oracle PL-SQL C language Linux SQL Server Mercury Quality Centre Tool  Bugzilla Tool JIRA Software Azure Cloud QlickView Microsoft Project    Last updated on July 06, 2019  Areas of Expertise in Project Management  Strong Business sense & System design & Agile Project Communication & Analysis implementation Management negotiation with  stakeholders  Customer relationship Requirement gathering & Resource & Risk Critical thinking  management analysis Management  Generating various Managing backlog and Sprint planning Management  reports including roadmap information system  burndown charts    Technical Associate - Software Developer at Tech Mahindra Limited July 2006 to January 2011  • Work as a PL-SQL developer for handling the database related to IT software management  enterprise.  • Understand the existing database setup and create new PL-SQL procedures and functions for handling the data in the database more efficiently for various software services.  • Handle customer issues pertaining to data management.  • Handle service requests from client and provide them with the best in-time solution to the requirements.  • Work on designing and maintaining the tool for handling the data in database system.  • Work on creation of data in one environment and deploying the data to other environments after testing across other systems.  • Work on HP Quality Centre software for analysis of defects in the end-to-end system in a global  work stack.  • Work upon implementation of CR (Client Request) in data build component as a component  designer which included coding and unit testing of the data as per the present data in database.  • Work on resolving defects that were found in the development environment, D2D environment and SIT environment and create the Root Cause Analysis document for every defect logged in the  system. Education Bachelors of Engineering in Computer Science in Computer Science Nagpur University - Nagpur, Maharashtra 2006 Skills Strong project management skills