Scrum Master Scrum Master Scrum Master - Capital One Moseley, VA Work Experience Scrum Master Capital One - Richmond, VA April 2019 to July 2019 Servant Leader for the Interview Experience team, working to create integrated and automated systems for Talent Acquisition. Work with the team to plan and manage work activities for the creation of the new Interview Processing System (Salesforce). Facilitate Sprint Planning, S1s and Core Hours (stand-ups), S2s or Scrum Master check-ins, PI Planning, and retrospectives. Project Manager/Scrum Master Division of Legislative Automation Services (DLAS) / TEKsystems - Richmond, VA October 2017 to January 2019 Acted as servant leader to encourage the development of people, delivery on promises and improved performance. Performed an assessment of the Virginia Legislative Information System. Provided project management support to the project team for the development of the "As-Is Process Analysis" and "To-Be Opportunity Model" deliverables in preparation of the modernization effort. Oversaw the creation of the "Functional Requirements/Technical Environment Planning, and Management" deliverable in preparation for the development phase. Provided agile/scrum training to the organization to prepare for product development. Oversaw a team of seven developers with experience in UI, API, Database, and QA Automation to facilitate two-week sprints. Worked very closely with the web designer to create mock-ups to present to the stakeholders for review and approval. Managed the scrum process and facilitate scrum ceremonies (Product Backlog Sessions, Sprint Grooming Session, etc.) Facilitated daily standups to capture the state of tasks during sprints performed by Developers. Worked very closely with the Product Lead to ensure that all necessary information needed for story creation is provided. Worked very closely with the Tech Lead to ensure that all information needed for Sprint Grooming and Planning have been received. Removed any impediments that deter the team from performing at the optimal level. Tracked sprint progress and story/task creation using Virtual Studio Team Services. Performed manual testing of the new Legislative Information System during development. Supported the Program Manager with duties such as managing staff, including hiring, and employee performance assessments. Developed status reports and dash boards for review by senior management. Process Manager Capital One - Glen Allen, VA January 2017 to October 2017 Managed the delivery of technical conversions and process improvement activities. Worked very closely with Senior Leadership, end users and technology professionals to create solutions to business problems. Participated in a Program-wide system conversion. Facilitated weekly meetings with Unit Managers to ensure that all impacted processes and risks were identified. Worked with the Agent Readiness team to ensure that all Associates received the proper training prior to conversion. Developed project related communications, which provide updates to the appropriate audiences via online channels. Performed an analysis of the current system for managing business processes and presented a technical solution that would allow the department to handle process changes more effectively. Project Manager Jamestown-Yorktown foundation - Williamsburg, VA September 2015 to January 2017 Oversaw multiple concurrent projects for the installation of the technical components of the new American Revolutionary Museum at Yorktown project, including wireless, exhibit technology, audio visual components and computer interactives. Managed project budget of $3.8M. Performed an analysis of the Project Management Maturity of the organization and implemented practices to ensure that IT projects were managed more effectively such as increased communication, increased project documentation management and stakeholder engagement. Ensured projects are being documented appropriately to mitigate risk. Built relationships and collaborated with key stakeholders to ensure delivery of commitments. Held project management resources accountable to Virginia Information Technology Agency (VITA) Project Management standards throughout project lifecycles to ensure delivery success. Utilized the Commonwealth Technology Portfolio tool (Oracle Primavera) to manage quality, change, risk, costs (budget), schedule and other project documentation. Managed the RFP/SOW process for acquiring services for State of Virginia IV&V project review. Facilitated monthly project status presentations for the Internal Agency Oversight Committee meetings consisting of Executive leadership and VITA Project Management Division Representatives.  Key Accomplishments:  * Implemented project/process improvements based on previous Independent Valuation and Verification (IV&V) recommendations such as risk management, project communication, budget and change controls. Increased the IV&V score to 91 from a previous score of 69. IT Project Manager- Information Communication & Technology Services Richmond Public Schools January 2015 to August 2015 Managed district-wide technology projects. Performed an analysis of the Project Management Maturity of the organization and implemented practices to ensure that IT projects were managed more effectively. Created a Kanban system to increase visibility and effectively track IT related projects. Maintained an issue resolution file to ensure that all issues are addressed. Oversaw the development and tracking of integrated project plans; established and maintained project communications. Oversaw project estimations, development, and implementation of project deliverables. Partnered with various departments to coordinate and lead teams; clarified and communicated project objectives and success criteria; ensured a positive, collaborative work environment. Initiated the movement of data from a physical to virtual infrastructure to prepare for future growth, lower infrastructure costs, and increase business agility. All with disaster recovery and security in mind. Participated in the testing of software and system releases to ensure that they work properly. Facilitated meetings with RPS department and cabinet members as needed, and provide appropriate and timely communication throughout the life of projects using reports, team meeting notes, dashboards, etc. Directly supervised the work of third-party vendors. Developed and maintained relationships with key business stakeholders to ensure deliverables are effective. Performed other related duties as assigned.  Key Accomplishments:  * Provided leadership for the procurement of a virtual host for the Richmond Public Schools' website.  * Led the teams to successful implementation of Rapid Identity - Identity Management System.  * Led the teams to the successful upgrade of VersaTrans software versions 9.22 and 9.23.  * Successfully launched the Aspen Parent Portal in four pilot schools. IT Project Coordinator III Capital One, VA September 2014 to December 2014 Managed various aspects of business projects/processes. Served as a liaison to ensure that through formal process management practices, the final product meets the original project requirements and Capital One objectives. Supported Project Manager in developing and maintaining project schedule including identification of tasks, duration, resources, dependencies, critical path and work calendar. Oversaw and coordinated activities with on and offshore third-party vendors. Captured minutes, coordinated information and input data into SharePoint. Coordinated the completion of key technical deliverables associated with the project, such as the procurement and implementation of a T3 Circuit, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, and Firewall access for over 60 applications. Participated in the Kanban process to successfully track IT related activities. IT Project Coordinator Northrop Grumman, VA January 2014 to August 2014 Worked in the VITA Program's Information Systems Sector, Cyber Solutions Division. Served as liaison between PC Refresh team and end-users at multiple state agencies in Virginia for conversion to Windows 7. Created schedules and collaborated with end-users in the timing of PC replacement or conversions. Worked with business leadership to improve processes and procedures regarding communication strategies, and operational support for vendor management. Monitored performance of field Technicians, developed action plans where necessary for areas needing improvement and followed through to ensure conversion activities occurred on schedule. Produced reports daily/weekly using Excel (V Lookups/Pivot tables) to track conversion progress. IT Project Coordinator Capital One, VA July 2011 to July 2013 Created project plans and tracked a range of projects for the Card Data Stewardship Team using Excel and PowerPoint. Facilitated weekly project meetings. Coordinated multiple teams simultaneously. Collaborated with teams in the identification and resolution of project issues. Communicated project status updates to senior leadership. Developed end-user communication strategies for high-impact changes. Oversaw all task/responsibility completions, ensuring the on-time delivery of projects.  Key Accomplishments:  * Led teams to the successful completion of Standard Access Profile Remediation Project six months ahead of schedule.  MIS Analyst  Managed virtual helpdesk for Associate Teradata Training, and access information/questions. Utilized HP Service Manager to process and submit configuration change management requests for Teradata database. Assisted the Database Guardian with Identity and Access Management by submitting HPSM requests for grants/revokes associated with the Teradata warehouse. Verified that the appropriate training had been received prior to granting access. Used SQL to identify Data Owners. Provided support during business glossary cleanup. Managed multiple email profiles for two IT departments, providing internal customer service to ensure responses to user inquiries. Managed content for internal customer-facing website, assisting in platform transition and overseeing updates and team documentation in KnowledgeLink. Communicated load status messages to Analytic Community through Jive (Pulse) page. Served as resource to answer questions about existing processes. Ensured that Card Data Services effectively met established SLAs. Developed and maintained formal process documentation, including standard procedures and process flow diagrams.  Key Accomplishments:  * Coordinated the successful implementation and change validation to Teradata data warehouse. Bank of America, VA November 2002 to July 2011 Commercial Construction Project Manager Bank of America, VA 2007 to 2011 Managed portfolio of over $100M, coordinating and overseeing pre-closing and closing process on basic commercial real estate loans, including construction, term, lines of credit and letters of credit. Reviewed loan approval and loan documents, ensuring consistency and proper regulatory compliance. Monitored construction schedules to ensure timely project completion. Utilized Excel spreadsheets to track financial costs. Prepared and awarded bids for third-party vendor services. Oversaw and coordinated construction draw process, reviewing packages, identifying/resolving construction and title issues, monitoring no-loan fund sources and ensuring loan was in balance in accordance with approval. Prepared monthly status reports. Managed relationships with Client Managers, borrowers, counsel, construction consultants and title companies. Traveled regularly to construction sites to monitor progress.  Key Accomplishments:  * Resolved discrepancies with funding requests through invoice verification and application payment.  * Identified a range of potential risks, taking proactive action to correct matters, collaborating with management on recommendations to ensure effectiveness.  * Obtained Certificates of Occupancy, Certificates of Substantial Completion, As-Built Surveys, As-Built plans and lien releases, resulting in timely project close-outs. Education Master's Skills INFORMATION SECURITY, SECURITY, DATA MANAGEMENT, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, RISK MANAGEMENT