Production/Office Manager Production/Office <span class="hl">Manager</span> Production/Office Manager - Curtain Care Plus Totowa, NJ Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Production/Office Manager Curtain Care Plus February 2016 to Present Promoted to develop on time manufacturing, increase production capacity, manage office and production staffs. Determine profitability and viability of product enhancements and new products.  ? Increased production capacity by 41% in 2 months by implementing lean processes.  ? Consistently maintain strict quality standards; less than 2% error incidents.  ? Handle all company orders through entire sales life cycle; quote creation and pricing to scheduling product delivery and installation.  ? Manage monthly orders averaging $1 Million. Marketing Project Manager Curtain Care Plus March 2015 to February 2016 Prepare and conduct business presentations for corporate accounts and large health systems. Maintain and develop new business leads for expansion. Ensure sales team follows all policies and procedures. Foster strong relationships with customers and vendors  ? Manage and support 6 sales associates in growing target audiences.  ? Plan, develop, and implement strategic marketing plans resulting in consistent annual sales increases of $2 million.  ? Set and control financial budgets for marketing campaigns, trade shows and events.  ? Develop launch schedules, advertising, direct and indirect marketing campaigns. IT Solutions Manager Night Owl Designs November 2007 to June 2015 Developed, implemented, supported and operated custom marketing platforms and marketing processes for major corporations.  ? Established workflow and customer support actions  ? Handled business' media presence, advertising, and marketing.  ? Handled ROI, Internet, and sales metrics, and market analytics. Education Master of Business Administration Davenport University Skills Microsoft Office (9 years), Peachtree Accounting (3 years), SAS (3 years), Project Management (5 years), Production Management (3 years), Lean Manufacturing (3 years), Lean Six Sigma (3 years), Production Planning (3 years), Continuous Improvement (8 years), budget, Estimating, Outlook, maintenance, Scheduling, Word, Sales, Customer Service, Microsoft Project