Technical Project Manager Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Project Manager - AXIS41, A MERKLE COMPANY South Jordan, UT Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Project Manager AXIS41, A MERKLE COMPANY - Salt Lake City, UT December 2016 to Present Led medium to large scale technical web implementations (including analytics tracking) using primary AEM  and WordPress CMS platforms. Helped with scoping using tools such as PERT and developed staffing and project plans to ensure we delivered a successful project. Used primary agile and scrum methodologies and a  custom budget tracker so that we delivered the project on time and within budget.  • Stanford Healthcare - the largest client at Axis41 ($2.5 million annually). Led various projects to enhance the website and increase overall site traffic. This program achieved the highest effective bill  rate and was used as a benchmark for other projects at Axis41.  • Hewlett Packard Enterprises - proposed, planned, and developed new features to enhance the HPE  website. Led the migration of HPE's site from AEM 6.0 to 6.2, which included extensive testing and project documentation.  • Universal Studios Hollywood - managed the analytics implementation on USH's website. Led multiple  analytics campaigns with the goal of increasing overall site traffic and conversions. IT Project Manager DELL EMC - Draper, UT March 2014 to December 2016 Led small to medium scale projects ranging from storage array implementations, disaster recovery  implementations, performance enhancing solutions, and data migrations for the Federal Government. Typically  managed between 40-60 projects at any given time.  • Department of State - worked closely with the Program Manager to create a solution for the DoS that  would increase performance and enhance data availability between their datacenters.  • Social Security Administration - managed the transition of upgrading three datacenters to the latest  and greatest EMC equipment. Required a multimillion-dollar upgrade to new equipment, a data  migration to the new equipment, and the return of the old equipment back to EMC.  • Federal Bureau of Investigation - led the upgrade of multiple FBI datacenters to the new Hybrid  Cloud. Managed the new equipment installs and the datacenter migrations. Internet Marketing Specialist POLEVAULT MEDIA - Salt Lake City, UT June 2013 to December 2013 Led small internet marketing campaigns with a goal to increase site traffic and conversions. Implemented  Google Analytics and Bing Ad campaigns for various clients. Constantly improved the campaigns by creating  efficiencies and removing unwanted data.  • PoleVault Media Website - created multiple campaigns to increase site traffic with the goal of increasing our websites ranking on Google's search terms.  • Custom Handbags Campaign - led the Black Friday campaign for a custom handbag store that  doubled site traffic and tripled website sales. The budget was extremely tight but I was able to deliver  success within these constraints by creating efficiencies and reporting burn rates on a consistent basis.  • Custom Furniture- led multiple campaigns for a custom furniture store that increased site traffic by  150% and doubled website sales. Education Masters of Business Administration in EDUCATION University of Phoenix - Salt Lake City, UT May 2016 B.S. in Marketing University of Utah - Salt Lake City, UT December 2013 Skills Budgeting (Less than 1 year), documentation. (Less than 1 year), Forecasting (Less than 1 year), Governance (Less than 1 year), Program Management (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 March 2014 to Present Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2016 to September 2019 Information Storage Associate v2 (EMCIA) April 2014 to Present VCE Infrastructure Associates (VCEIA) May 2016 to Present Additional Information Areas of Expertise:    • Budgeting and Forecasting • IT Strategy and Planning • Microsoft Products  • Risk Management • IT Governance • Conflict Resolution  • Quality Management • Project/Program Management • Vendor Management  • Processes and Documentation • Software Development Lifecycle • Team Building