Project Manager, IT Development <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Development Project Manager, IT Development - Nationwide Insurance Westerville, OH Work Experience Project Manager, IT Development Nationwide Insurance March 2005 to November 2018 management of Personal Property Insurance projects consisting of state specific rate revisions, compliance and regulatory and enhancement and maintenance.  • Experience with managing with multiple methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, Extream programming.  • Scheduling, resource allocation and budget responsibilities.  • Customer interaction with product development teams, state teams and pricing and actuarial managers.  • Responsible for Change Management for department Quality Center.  • ITIL Methodology used for Change Management and Incident Management Functions.  • Manage Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning for large application area Facilitate JAD sessions to develop and refine business requirements.  • Managing multiple development projects using CA Clarity(PPM) and Workbench for resource and schedule tracking.  • Responsible for Consumption Savings project to find and report computer charge savings throughout the unit. Technical Project Manager AOL - Netscape ISP - Columbus, OH June 2004 to December 2004 Manage all aspects of projects from initiation through implementation including: analysis, planning, design, development, documentation and execution. Lead project team meetings, communicate with the business partners, and produce project documentation. Responsible for vendor management, and the preparation and presentation of progress reports to management.  • Drove the creation of project requirements, priorities and deadlines for ISP based projects.  • Coordinated staff resources across one or more projects.  • Developed use cases to define multiple scenarios for business rule clarification and test planning.  • Lead multi-disciplinary Web application project teams to deliver solutions on time, at budget and in scope according to user requirements.  • Managed Business Unit expectations and deliverables with business partners.  • Lead Service Quality team to resolve high priority member affecting issue.  • Developed and implemented project management process.  • Managed infrastructure projects to bring several key functionalities in house: including increased server functionality and capacity, web services and hosting.  • Used Primavera for resource and schedule tracking Lead IT Project Manager Qwest Communications - Dublin, OH 2000 to 2004 Managed all aspects of technical projects from initiation through implementation including: analysis, planning, design, development, documentation and execution. Led project team meetings, communicated with the business partners, and produced project documentation.  Prepared and presented progress reports to management.  • Drove the creation of project requirements, priorities and deadlines.  • Coordinated staff resources across one or more projects.  • Led multi-disciplinary project teams to deliver solutions on time, at budget and in scope according to user requirements.  • Managed Business Unit expectations and deliverables with business partners.  • Managed infrastructure projects to implement the use of data bus functionality, web services usage and master data file utilization, implementation of upgraded servers, MS Outlook conversions and consolidation of software configuration platforms.  • Managed development projects using .Net, XML, Data Bus and Web Services tools. Education Certified Project Manager Stanford University Graduate Certificate in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management MBA in Project Management Keller Graduate School of Management - Columbus, OH BA in Computer and Information Sciences The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH AS in Computer Science Cuyahoga Community College - Cleveland, OH Skills PM, SDLC, Project Management, Estimating, budget, maintenance, Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Word Certifications/Licenses Driver's License