IT Specialist Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Specialist Program Manager - Peace Corps Head Quarters Alexandria, VA Seasoned IT Program Manager at the Unites States Peace Corps Head Quarters, serving in this position since January 2017. Government career began with the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) in 1989. Served PBGC over 25 years in a series of progressively responsible positions in actuarial science and software development. Over 15 years as a Project and Program Manager, An Agile and Dev Ops Leader who promotes the Agile mindset. Leading Enterprise transformation serves as a change agent for Agile utilizing synergy to improve the effectiveness of complex development efforts by facilitating Agile adoption and maturity across organizations. Works with teams and executives to help transform programs and portfolios by observing, evaluating and implementing changes to solve organizational and cultural impediments. Develops strategies to enable the Agile transformation of a program or portfolio while implementing best practices across the enterprise, with minimal interruptions. Work Experience IT Specialist Program Manager Peace Corps Head Quarters - Washington, DC January 2017 to Present 40 hours/week  Provides hands-on program and project management; evaluating and leading IT efforts. Coordinating and delivering project management solution on large and small enhancements, modernization and maintenance projects. Serve as a dedicated agile professional with a strong understanding of continuous integration and user experience. Experience managing projects with, backlogs, project roadmap, release and sprint planning. Managing projects for Web applications, Infrastructure, and IT Mobility Projects which supports mission critical work across the agency. In this role I provide leadership to all project teams and interact with customers. I provided leadership to development, IT operations, and maintenance and modernization efforts. Continuing to gain experience with Acquisitions by Preparing Statements of Work, Performance Work Statements, Statements of Objections, Leading Technical Evaluation teams and providing guidance with new contracting efforts. IT Project Manager Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation - Washington, DC March 2007 to January 2017 40 hours/week  Over 10 years of experience providing hands-on project management; delivering project management artifacts on large and small enhancements, modernization and maintenance projects. These include: Project Charter, Project and Program Management Plan, Project Schedule, Risk Management Plan, Issue Log and Communication Plan, in accordance with PBGC's Information Technology System Life Cycle Management (ITSLCM). Managing the Projects which support mission critical business, financial and actuarial functions for calculating pension benefits, paying pension participants, valuing the agency's liabilities and conducting various financial transactions. In this role, I assumed responsibility for all projects, modernization and maintenance efforts and leadership for over 30 contractor staff. The system was one of the PBGC's most complex systems as well as a mission critical system. Providing oversight to all teams and interacting with customers to evaluate their mission, functions, business processes IT operations and all maintenance and modernization efforts. In addition to supporting many of the PBGC major Participant systems, over the almost 10 years as a full time IT Project Manager, I provide support to multiple projects at PBGC. A key aspect of my duties included problem solving where I Identified problems; determined accuracy and relevance of information, used sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to made recommendations. The projects included, the agency's strategic reporting tool (CDMS and COGNOS), the Human Resources Department analytics tools, e4010, and the Office of General Counsel (OGC) eFOIA and Appeals Management tool (ARTIS). Supervisory IT Specialist Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation - Washington, DC March 2016 to July 2016 Acting) 120 days; 40 hours/week  As a result of performance, leadership, and knowledge of organization and actuarial expertise, recommended and selected as acting Division Manager for Participant Management Services Division (PMSD), reporting directly to the Director of Information Technology and Business Modernization Department (IT&BMD). In this position I served as the Supervisory IT Specialist and IT Program Manager for IT&BMS's PMSD. Assumed responsibility for all projects, and modernization efforts across PMSD, supervised federal staff comprising IT Project Managers, Business Analysts, and over 70 contractor staff. Providing supervision for all System Life Cycle Management, Business Needs Analysis, Alternatives Analysis, Risk, Communications, Contracting, Product Selection, and Divisional budget needs. Supporting all PMSD integrated projects and program with cross coordination between IT Infrastructure, Architecture, Security, and Governance specialists. Actuary Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation - Washington, DC November 2001 to March 2007 40 hours/week  Specialized PBGC Appeals Board Actuary preformed in an outstanding capacity reviewing complex actuarial calculations. Expert utilizing advance mathematical and actuarial calculations in review of some of PBGC's most complex valuations and benefits statements. Expert interpreting Pension Plan Documents to determine benefit entitlement and calculating Title IV benefits. Authority in using actuarial knowledge and PBGC actuarial software to review calculations of benefits and benefit statements. Expert in researching and preparing written appeal decisions in response to pension plan participants request for appeal of their pension decisions. Expertise in providing professional actuarial advice to Appeals Board Members, helping to provide accurate and timely payments to deserving participants.    Expert on PBGC's Appeals Board IT and the PBGC's ARTIS application, 30% of position IT coordinator and ARTIS Project Manager; Lead Project redesign and integration with OBA's CRM 1.0 system. Over the 5 years as an appeals board actuary I processed over 300 Appeals and Supported Board Members on 100's of other Appeals. Actuary Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation - Washington, DC February 1995 to November 2001 40 hours/week  Expert performing benefit entitlement and calculating Title IV benefits. Performed Actuarial valuations as Senior Actuary on some of PBGC's most complex projects in the 1990's (Wean, CF&I, and Thorne Apple Valley Pension Plans), Developed and delivered briefings to plan participants. Led 11 participates meetings for the Throne Apple Valley Pension Plans.    Expert using PBGC actuarial software and Microsoft Excel to calculate benefits and produce benefit statements utilizing the Benefit statement and Recalculation program. Skilled writer of PBGC actuarial valuation reports process used to issue final benefit liabilities and Benefit Determination Letters (BDLs). Expert working with external actuarial contract staff and coordination of finalizing reports. Providing mentoring to junior actuaries and team members with calculating estimated benefits, operating the ACT/Archive tools and Benefit Statement Recalculation programs. Skillful working with participant data and dealing with participants who were not identified by the prior plan administrator or our PBGC Auditors and supporting BDL issuance.    Highlights:  • Development Modernization and Enhancements (DME)    Managed System Modernization a large project implemented over 4 years following a modular development method, as prescribed by industry best practices and OMB Circular A-11 and A-130; implemented modular approach using an Agile framework providing a process for incremental development in a uniformed way. Delivered high quality solutions, on time and within budgets. Using Agile and DevOps methodologies to more efficiently integrate stakeholder feedback to achieve uninterrupted development while successfully applying requirements revisions, facilitating a faster time to successful project completion and implementation.    • Cloud Base Solutions  Lead Technical Evaluation Panel (TEP), leading junior level resources from across the agency, for the selection of the contract issued to provide a hosted solution on a Fed Ramp environment SaaS. Serve as the Project Manager for Agile remote team, supports the team management with multiple communication tools (Skype, GOTO meeting, Conference Bridge Lines, and Asana Project Management). Led the full implementation of the solution with configurations to meet the agency's requirements. Led the coordination between the vendor and the agency security team in gaining an Authority to Operate (ATO), including controls for Plugins, APIs, and Mobile APPs.    • Program and Portfolio Management:  Provides assessments, overview, and recommendations to improve project effectiveness and efficiency. Utilizing expert knowledge with Agile program management to maximize outcomes of software project initiatives. Supports multiple efforts providing Agile Coaching. Leads Program governance board meetings, supporting the planning and facilitating of program task. Forms partnerships with business leaders and subject matter experts to promote early and consistent involvement to improve product quality. Supports budget formulation and execution, acquisition support, division records management, and steering committee coordination. Performed budget forecasting and executing budgets to support the project and program needs.    • Leading Edge Methods - Agile, ITIL, Continuous Integration  Change agent, institutionalizing the use and adoption of Agile methods for PBGC. As the project lead for IPVFB, serving as the front runner on leading edge development methodology to support modernization across national programs. A certified Advanced ScrumMaster with the Scrum Alliance, skilled in Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe), a leading process for adopting Agile on an enterprise level, SAFe is the Agile methodology used for the PBGC's Integrated Present Value of Future Benefits (IPVFB) Modernization. Experience managing projects with burndown and burnup charts, backlogs, project roadmap, release and sprint planning. Certified in Agile by the Project Management Institute (PMI), PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP).    • Certified in Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL)  As senior project lead provides strategic guidance for the use of development repository and library. Leveraging ITIL techniques and service delivery methods for all incremental deployments. Providing expertise in service delivery methods and infrastructure challenges, for PBGC's application environments. Continuous integration visionary increasing projects success rates by providing the bridge for successful DevOps environments. A front runner for improvements to the development and delivery environments providing expertise in quality improvement and reducing project risk across multiple project/program level activities. Orchestrating PBGC's IT path for Agile development and directing the introduction of continuous integration (CI) development tools. Leading the adoption and modernization of the software integration tool, Jenkins, one of the industry's leading CI tool. Gained Technical Review Board (TRB) approval for Jenkins, which provides improvements to the development and delivery environments available for all PBGC solutions.    • IT Investment Management  Expertise in developing plans for project activities, cost and schedule estimates, and leading projects with EVM and Burndown charts. Successful development and delivering of multiple presentations for the capital planning and investment control (CPIC) processes and Steering Committees and Senior Leadership briefings. Served as the Program Manager, orchestrating the development of the IPVFB Program from Architectural Analysts to its Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Exhibit 300 for the 2015 FY budget submission. The OMB documentation included the Program Charter, Program Management Plan and Program Operational Analysis.    • Program and Portfolio Management:  Providing oversight to all divisional project teams and interacting with customers to evaluate their mission, functions, processes, IT operations and all maintenance and modernization efforts. Providing supervision for all System Life Cycle Management, Business Needs Analysis, Alternatives Analysis, Risk, Communications, Contracting, Product Selection, and Divisional budget needs. Supporting integrated project and program with cross coordination between IT Infrastructure, Architecture, Security, and Governance specialists. Leading Budget formulation and execution, acquisition support, division records management, and steering committee coordination. Lead the weekly status briefing to senior leadership on the IPVFB Modernization, Co-lead the Monthly Program Review and the provided support for Quarterly briefing to IG.    • Business Needs Analysis Process  Expertise in leading the evaluating of the application mission, functions, business processes, and operations during the application business needs analysis process. Instrumental in the application Architectural Analysis and led the Alternatives and Options Analysis over a 2-year period. Developed Program performance metrics that allow us to measure how the success of the business program supports the agency, as well as the Total Lifecycle Cost which provides the total cost for owning a system including the cost for the full modernization of application and support of Software and maintenance in the out years. Led the development of the application plan to address the application portions of OBA's OIG findings and its Material Weakness. Lead the formulation and delivery of the Analysis of Alternatives presentation to the senior leadership, seeking and gaining project approvals.    • Leadership Skills  Over 23 years of experience, as senior Technical, Program and Project management expert for PBGC OBA processes and procedures with PBGC OBA applications. PBGC OIT's senior Actuarial expert for agency's most complex area of corporate applications within the Participant Management business area. Expert directing and guiding junior level project managers and Business Analysts on Information Technology Projects. Expert leading coordination of integration with other projects and across departments. Led effort to provide Agile training to PBGC federal staff across OIT and our business partners, including high level Agile briefings to some of PBGC senior leadership. Assisted management with identifying roles on projects where junior personnel can be mentored and coached as they develop stronger project management skills. Experience leading international project and contracts; performed COR and Senior Project Management duties for Ariel project and led the decommissioning of the Ariel Actuarial application, located in Montreal.    • Acquisition Management  Over 20 years of Acquisition experience, including performing duties as a Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COTR) and Contracting Officer Representative (COR) experience. FAC-COR Level II certified, serving as the Technical Evaluation Panel (TEP) Lead on several large contracts. Experience with multiple types of contracts, performance based, Labor Hour, Firm Fixed Price, and Cost-plus Fixed Fee.    • Communication  Over 20 years as a member of Toastmasters International and a charter member of PBGC's Toastmaster Club. Currently a member of Peace Corps, Peacemasters Club, serving as the Vice President of Education. Has held all officer roles (President, VP Education, VP Membership, Public Relations, Secretary and Treasurer at least once in the past 20 years. Served a Toastmaster District 36 Leader in the role of Area Director. Completed over 200 speeches, achieve Distinguished Toastmaster certification in 2004, the highest designation issued by Toastmasters International of which less than 5 % of its membership achieves. Sharing knowledge by mentoring over 40 members and guided them in improving their communications skills, some of which has visual and hearing-impairments. Developing as a leader I have excelled by obtaining advance leadership certifications from Toastmasters International, which is a segment of the Distinguish designation. Constantly utilizing opportunities, as an active member of Toastmasters, to effectively deliver information to audiences, simulating different styles and techniques; while receiving evaluations and feedback on presentations. Presented over 15 Actuarial presentation to pension participants, explaining their retirement calculations and their pension benefits from PBGC. Education Master's in ESI Project Management George Washington University - Washington, DC January 2006 BS degree in Mathematics Lander University - Greenwood, SC May 1987