Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Lawrenceburg, KY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Tom Morgan Consulting - Lawrenceburg, KY February 2019 to Present I provide program and project management consulting and services. IT Project Manager HUMANA - Louisville, KY 2018 to 2019 Humana PMO Contract  • Led the Project Management and Implementation efforts for 6 highly visible software and hardware upgrade projects impacting over 500 applications and 5,000 end users.  • Oversaw business analysis, SCRUM Agile project management, and implementation strategies for multiple virtual and physical servers with unique storage requirements and software stacks.  • Interfaced with project sponsors, stakeholders, developers, analysts and support teams to design, develop, test, implement and maintain systems.  • Built and fostered strong partnerships and communication with external IT vendors with applications that integrated with our systems.  • Managed the process for selecting, implementing and integrating IT vendors with existing applications including, analysis, recommendation, implementation and relationship management.  • Developed plans and milestones, for each project and ensured that all projects met regulatory requirements.  • Drove the processes for gathering requirements, documenting workflows, resolving problems, identifying risks, managing stakeholder expectations, attaining customer sign off and ensuring quality assurance.  • Monitored and tracked projects and followed up closely with all stakeholders to make sure tasks were performed timely.  • Oversaw stakeholder engagement and accountability by facilitating and participating in bi-weekly update meetings.  • Hosted workshops consisting of several business experts, documenting their current state workflows and facilitated dialog to assist in the mapping of the desired state of operating.  • Worked with a team of developers throughout the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) to configure software according to business requirements. Senior Project Manager NTT DATA - Frankfort, KY 2006 to 2018 Commonwealth Office of Technology Department of Revenue  • Led the Project Management and Implementation efforts for developing and configuring software for multiple distributed and mainframe systems with integration points for the Department of Revenue.  • Oversaw highly visible capital projects with budgets ranging from $1M to $5M and 40 employees, including the implementation of CACS-G, a new revenue collection system that yielded a $25M increase in tax revenues for the Commonwealth.  • Worked closely with third party vendors and other key customers to ensure that changes and modifications integrated seamlessly and were deployed on time and within the expected budget.  • Managed all phases of the project lifecycle including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring /control and close, managing risk and exposure during all phases.  • Governed the change control process and developed and communicated the impact of the recommended changes to the initial timeline, labor and overall project costs.  • Developed cost / benefit analyses, buy/build recommendations and other types of analyses that educated leaders about the options and risks associated with employing a variety of technical solutions. Project Manager LEXMARK INTERNATIONAL - Lexington, KY 1998 to 2006 • Oversaw large and highly visible projects affecting business, technology and supply chain management for the World Trade Order, Product Quality and WorldWide in Transit.  • Managed all aspects of the project lifecycle including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring /control and close, managing risk and exposure during all phases.  • Gathered requirements, established scope of work and created schedules that ensured that projects were delivered on-time and within budget.  • Led and mentored a team of 30 employees responsible for project tracking and communicating the progress on projects.  • Built relationships with international business units to manage global and more complex projects. Education MBA in Business Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ BA in Chemistry David Lipscomb University - Nashville, TN Skills PMP, SDLC, PM, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Information Technology, Project Management, Program Management, PMI Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2004 to May 2020 Driver's License Scrum Master October 2018 to October 2020