I.T. Administrator I.T. Administrator Manager Winter Garden, FL Experienced professional with excellent management and information technology skills. Action-  oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with all audiences. Demonstrated ability to complete tasks accurately despite interruptions and competing demands. Self-motivated and dependable while achieving high performance without supervision. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Administrator Lukoil North America - New York, NY January 2017 to August 2019 • Reduced operational costs by >40% through strong contract negotiation  • Administrate ten server/seventy workstation computer network with local and remote users  • Manage IT setup and service requests for two corporate offices  • Provide multi-level IT support to company personnel down to the root cause and take  corrective action to prevent recurrence  • Troubleshoot hardware issues and make repairs where necessary  • Maintain Antivirus software and ensure all definitions remain current  • Setup and maintain automated backup and Disaster Recovery plans  • Created end-user self-service tools and documentation  • Fully support, configure, maintain and upgrade corporate networks and in house servers  (VMware, HyperV). Completed multiple server migrations with zero downtime and zero user  inconvenience  • Apply patches and updates in a timely manner   • Ensure network security and connectivity  • Monitor network performance (availability, utilization, throughput, and latency) and test for weaknesses  • Verified all IT related invoices for accuracy and approve accordingly  • Define network policies and procedures  • Specify system requirements and design solutions  • Design and implemented high availability/fail-over  • Manage VoIP network  • Develop and implement IT policies and procedures  • Maintain Polycom Video Conference equipment District Manager/I.T. Administrator TI Storage - New York, NY February 2006 to January 2017 • Strategized business operations, merchandising strategies, and personnel moves.  • Worked closely with store managers to keep operating costs within or below budget.  • Coached a team of 40 professionals to achieve maximum occupancy.  • Established a customercentric focus to build customer loyalty and retention.  • Stayed current on the self storage market in order to take advantage of the latest trends.  • Directed safety operations and maintained a clean work environment.  • Maintained low account receivables.  • Managed as many as ten projects at once.  • Responded to customer inquiries and complaints.  • Responsible for auditing and approving all lien sale paperwork.  • Promoted dynamic, positive and memorable guest experiences.  • Hired, coached and trained staff and monitored performance.  • Maintain the PCs Hardware and Software for the head office and for nine branches.  • Sole responsibility to configure POS backend. Discounts, promotions, website offerings, etc  • Served as the Project Manager for two management software migrations.  • Configured and maintained access control software and hardware for nine facilities.  • Configure DVR system for branches with remote recording.  • Directly responsible for implementing, planning system security policy, to include firewalls, host  and client access, file permissions, and user accounts.  • Ensure data is backed up on a regular basis.  • Resolve problems reported by end user.  • Define network policies and procedure. Store Manager Safeguard Self Storage - Mountainside, NJ January 2005 to February 2006 • Trained all new managers on store procedures and policies.  • Answered customers' questions and quickly resolved problems and complaints.  • Oversaw daily cash register operations and cash management.  • Resolved customer problems by investigating issues, answering questions and building  rapport.  • Maintained an occupancy of greater than 87% consistently.  • Interviewed, hired, supervised and trained three employees.  • Built a loyal customer base by delivering excellent service.  • Maintained a friendly and professional demeanor while interacting with customers.  • Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies.  • Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand. Assistant Manager BOAT U.S - Township of Brick, NJ 2004 to 2005 • Increased engine part sales by 50% utilizing my engine and out drive knowledge  • Trained new team members on company processes and procedures  • Counseled, mentored and disciplined staff  • Coordinated schedules and assigned team members' shifts  • Met 100 % of sales targets  • Oversaw day to day store operations  • Opened and closed store  • Counted cash drawers and coordinated change orders for employees  • Answered questions from customer over the phone, email, and in person  • Managed store inventory General Manager Petco - Princeton, NJ 2002 to 2004 • Consistently reached performance goals and standards.  • Successfully stayed within payroll budget. Scheduled associates based on sales trends.  • Developed and implemented performance improvement programs.  • Hired, trained, and coached associates and supervisors; corrected performance deficiencies where necessary.  • Lowered turnover by providing constructive reinforcement and training.  • Responsible for the diplomatic resolve of customer service issues.  • Responsible for cash-handling procedures.  • Conducted regular self-audits ensuring company standards were being met.  • Responsible for rolling out new plan-o-grams in a timely manner. Project Manager Dynamic Media Advertising - Township of Brick, NJ April 1999 to February 2003 • Installed security cameras.  • Installed and configured DVR's.  • Installed network (Cat5(e)) cable and Coax.  • Built and installed computer systems.  • Installed access control hardware.  • Installed phone systems.  • Responsible for meeting strict deadlines. Education High school or equivalent Skills Operations, Operations management, Time management, Contract negotiation, Budgeting, Sales, Training and Coaching, Inventory Management, Management, Scheduling, Cash Handling, Customer Service Skills, Merchandising, Microsoft Excel (Advanced), Team Building, Inventory Management, Word Assessments Technical Support — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uwpxlckc4dwu8yvo Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.