IT Analyst & Theater Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst &amp; Theater Technician IT Analyst & Theater Technician - Saint Paul Academy and Summit School Saint Paul, MN At fifteen, I started my career in the Apple retail channel, where my technical knowledge quickly expanded into Apple Enterprise, Windows desktop, and WIN enterprise support. My strength lies in my ability to effectively communicate technical information in a way that's accessible to all people. I connect with the users behind the keyboard, and always come equipped with a swiss army knife approach to problem solving and troubleshooting.     Supporting IT infrastructure is foremost a customer support role. I strive first, to really listen to resolve issues, not simply to fix electronic problems and send someone on their way without a clear understanding of what's going on or how to prevent something from occurring again. In my world, customer service will always be king, over any trend or technical development.    Supported Software Examples: Sophos, Sage TimeSlips, Zoom, Office 365, Google Apps, Hyper-V Server, ESXi, Windows Server, WealthDox, QuickBooks, Quicken, BlackBerry Enterprise, Crashplan, Box Enterprise, Salesforce, RDP, Parallels, Bootcamp, VMWare Fusion, VirtualBox, LogMeIn Pro, File Maker Pro, AutoCAD, Drupal, WordPress, Salesforce, Basecamp, Zoho, Constant Contacts, Dialpad, Trueconf    Supported Hardware Examples: Mac and Windows retail and enterprise systems, iOS Devices,Blackberry, Android devices, Ubiquiti, Cisco switches/routers, Polycom and Cisco VoIP phones, AV equipment, HP, Xerox, Ricoh, Brother, and Canon Printers    Industries Worked In: Retail, Legal/Estate Management, Architectural, IT, Graphic/Web design, Construction, Financial, Medical, Non-Profit, Education Work Experience IT Analyst & Theater Technician Saint Paul Academy and Summit School - Saint Paul, MN January 2018 to Present SPA is one of the top private K-12 schools in The Twin Cities. SPA has a large Lenovo base for students and staff and it was my job to manage support tickets and facilitate the warranty process on all system repairs.    Imaging systems, troubleshooting, documentation, and working with children were the top  components of this job. Additionally, controlling theater lighting and soundboard mixing for stage  productions were a unique aspect of my time at SPA and I still provide technical assistance with theater productions to this day. IT Manager & Construction Project Manager Diamond Capital, LLC - Scottsdale, AZ 2015 to Present Diamond Capital is a real estate investment company specializing in residential house flips and multifamily construction. Here I managed and crafted the IT infrastructure as well as handled any online marketing. Managing Office 365, a Drupal website, VoIP accounts, and deploying MS Surfaces and construction site security have been a few of my roles.    At DC I was also able to grow my skill set and expand my role to include aspects of real estate investment as well as the management of construction crews on residential builds. IT Analyst Hammel Green & Abrahamson, Inc - Minneapolis, MN June 2018 to November 2018 HGA is the leading architectural design firm in the Twin Cities. It's home to a large host of on premises servers, backups, and especially physical and virtual CAD drafting machines that need maximum up time. Sensitive government data and extreme bandwidth needs kept my role lively but, above all, my job was to ensure that HGA's clients never received anything less than a perfect experience when they'd arrive to the office.    Highly advanced conference rooms and collaboration spaces also gave me a unique opportunity to Experiment with the design of the future of work space and how technology helps tie those many elements together to generate greater productivity. IT Analyst LifeSource - Minneapolis, MN January 2017 to June 2017 Lifesource, is a non-profit medical facility operating as the sole facilitator of live tissue and organ donation in Minnesota. A truly dynamic company where lives can truly depend on operations running smoothly. Here I helped to revamp and reorganize existing processes whilst providing desk-side customer support. A primary focus was to trim and eliminate unneeded or outdated technology and finalize the transition away from Windows 7.    Daily tasks might include anything from general HP notebook support, iOS support and management, and the implementation of company wide software changes. IT Analyst Johnson Brothers - Saint Paul, MN 2016 to 2017 Johnson Brothers is the largest liquor distributor in the Twin Cities. My role oversaw a range of ThinkPad devices and iOS devices managed through a Verizon portal.    My primary tasks were to assist with an overflow of remote and warehouse support as well as facilitating the transition of the IT department from an in-house operation to a more outsourced  focused model. IT Analyst Ryan Companies US, Inc - Minneapolis, MN 2014 to 2015 Ryan Companies is a large construction company holding a wide number of technical assets located throughout the country. My position effectively fulfilled both Tier I and Tier II support for Mac and Windows hardware and much of the software used within the company.    Providing in person help desk support within the main office and traveling the US for Cisco roll outs were a couple of my numerous roles at this multifaceted company. Computer Technician Cameco Computers - Saint Paul, MN 2013 to 2014 Cameco is a Microsoft Authorized Refurbisher that focuses on enterprise grade systems and LCD's. At Cameco I was responsible for the handling of all LCD sales whether it be individual Amazon orders or a thousand-piece LCD order for a business.    My focus at Cameco was the large-scale repair of a variety of systems from nearly every manufacturer. IT Manager The Grupp Law Firm, PLLC Title - Coeur d'Alene, ID 2011 to 2012 The Grupp Law Firm is a family office estate-planning firm. My function at The Firm was to support but also, to reinvent their IT infrastructure.    GL was truly a split system environment in that it ran all Mac hardware but also VM's on all systems Additionally, I fulfilled the role of legal assistant learning the role alongside my IT duties. Assistant Manager The MacXprts Network - Post Falls, ID 2008 to 2011 At MacXprts, an Apple Specialist store, I fulfilled many roles including sales, support, diagnostic, repair, and store maintenance. Chiefly, I worked the front end with customers repairing or solving their needs whatever they may be.    Working at MacXprt's I learned every Apple product past and present inside and out and how to work and adhere to Apple's professional corporate standard. Education Philosophy North Idaho College 2012 Saint George's School - Spokane, WA 2011