IT Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant IT Consultant - Four L Technology, Inc Livingston, NJ IT professional with experience who has supervised and participated in IT projects at all stages and phases. Adept at assisting clients resolve issues in the ever-changing technology landscape. Experienced in large and diverse enterprise environments; delivering and supporting highly available, business critical infrastructure solutions under challenging deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Consultant Four L Technology, Inc - Livingston, NJ April 2017 to Present Pandya, Kapadia & Associates CPA (client)  • Manage programs and projects involving multiple parties/organizations and implemented costs  reduction and enhance efficiency. Supervise the information technology department in accordance with the company polices and vision.  • Coordinate workstation upgrade with Windows 10 & Office365 and implementation of new desktops to environment.  • Implement virtual environments using VMware vSphere and Microsoft Hyper-V Provided ability to keep DOS-Application environment by using Hyper-V service and virtualize server's infrastructure.  • Implemented tapeless backup infrastructure utilized a NAS solution, and offside disaster recovery.  • Designed and launched of Antivirus services. Manage Symantec Endpoint management console with client versioning and troubleshooting anti-virus tools across the enterprise.  • Administered and supported IT systems, Servers, Hardware and Software's including VMware, Active Directory, and custom/3rd party applications.  • Analyzed business needs and risks; Performed system installations and upgrades and executed project management/planning initiatives. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Modis - Livingston, NJ October 2015 to April 2017 IT Project Manager (Consultant) Starr Companies - New York, NY March 2015 to September 2015 Senior Systems Administrator (Consultant) HireGenics Inc - Livingston, NJ March 2014 to September 2014 • Provided advanced technical and operation support to users, other departments and teams as required.  • Primed technical resource for a project to replace/upgrade NIC configuration for nationwide server  infrastructure.  • Provided technical guidance and assistance to staff and product groups in server builds, installation  of new enterprise systems and fine-tuning and capacity planning of existing Systems.  • Completed No-VDI user home drive migration across country to improve users' network performance. Senior Systems Administrator/ Project Coordinator AIG Technologies - Livingston, NJ May 2007 to January 2014 • Managed projects within the Branch Office Support group. Duties included procurement of hardware and software, storage requests, while interfacing with peer teams and vendors to coordinate solutions.  • Supported 400+ of the servers MS Windows 2000/2003/2008 production servers. Worked closely with the corporate datacenter to ensure timely resolution to any system outages and provided technical assistance as necessary.  • Oversaw disk utilization and hardware alerts on 400+ domestic servers and developed solutions for remediation.  • Served as lead technical engineer in a successful migration of enterprise backup infrastructure  for Branch backup servers, including the planning and deployment of EMC Avamar node to select  US offices. Strategized and upgraded EMC Legato network in over 100 + national offices; designed, supervised, and upgraded all the backup hardware and software.  • Built physical servers for production within the AIGGS organization. Installed and certified configuration of servers and put those servers into production for the hardware Refresh Project.  • Planned and managed data analyses for data migrations as part of load balance and virtualization.  • Served as lead technical engineer in a successful migration of enterprise backup infrastructure  for Branch backup servers, including the planning and deployment of EMC Avamar node to select  US offices. Strategized and upgraded EMC Legato network in over 100 + national offices; designed, supervised, and upgraded all the backup hardware and software. Education B.S. in Management Information Systems in Management Information Systems New Jersey Institute of Technology Skills Active directory, Vmware, Unix, Linux, Linux/unix, Ms office, Microsoft windows, Mac, Microsoft Office, Sharepoint, access Assessments Technical Support — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/chqmy-2gzupth01r Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ra-igmm7jt7qornh Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pi-uumdp2zp3gdfb Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dywtz4itm175ozio Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Technical Proficiencies  Microsoft Windows Servers; Microsoft Active Directory; Microsoft Group Policy; VMWare ESXi 5.x & 6.x Server; Linux/UNIX, MAC knowledge; MS OFFICE SUITE; THIRD parties' application