Project Management <span class="hl">Project</span> Management Project Management Sacramento, CA Recognized for strong ability to work through complex problems, agile project management, and leadership experience to develop innovative IT solutions. 25 years of hands-on experience as IT professional leading all stages of software development, Project Management, Systems Analysis, Data Analytics, Software Engineering, and Business Processes in a fast-paced technology environment. Excel at understanding cross-functional business requirements, collaborating with IT on Proof of Concept, future IT architecture, and project manage an End to End solution utilizing SDLC Waterfall or Agile/Scrum framework. Strong educational background with vast experience handling multiple projects. Hold an MBA in IT management, Bachelors in Electrical Engineering, Certified Project Management Professional (PMP), and Agile Certified Practitioner (ACP).     • Experienced Scrum Master with experience of all Scrum ceremonies - Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review and Retrospective sessions. Reporting at daily scrum meetings. Tracking burndown, issues, and progress. Work with support teams to resolve the issues creating hindrance in the team progress.  • Self-starter, team builder, result-oriented and motivated, worked independently and managed Cross Functional teams.  • Excellent leadership and Communication Skills (Written and verbal), worked with Diverse / Multi-Cultural Teams.   • Knowledge and understanding of Azure cloud services - Including DevOps setup, automated testing, performance, and release management pipelines.  • Experienced in Project Management Frameworks, PMBOK, Project Approval Lifecycle, Software Development Life Cycle, Testing/QA, and Agile Scrum Methodology.   • Experience in functional and technical specifications, requirements, design, development, implementation, maintenance, analysis, and support of software applications. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Management California Department of Conservation - Sacramento, CA December 2016 to June 2019 Sacramento, CA 12/2016 - 06/2019  PMO Project Manager    ·        Set policies, best practices, and standards for project management utilizing hybrid waterfall/scrum methodology.   ·        Mentored and coached project managers, stakeholders, and developers on agile project methods.  ·        Participated in the Project Approval Lifecycle (PAL) deliverables. This consisted of four stage gate processes: Business Analysis, Alternative Analysis, Solution Development, and Project Readiness and Approval.  ·        Collaborated and Researched on procurement efforts resulting in the execution of NonCompetitive Bid agreements, Statement of Work, contracts, amendments, and work authorizations.  ·        Document Business Requirements, Program Development, Planning, Technology Research, and stakeholder presentations for COTS software solutions.  ·        Developed project plans to specify overall project strategy, goals and objectives, scope, schedule, and resource requirements.  ·        Created project risk and issue management plans including risk/issue registers in SharePoint, identification, assessment, and mitigation strategy.   ·        Created project plans and strategy for IT Asset Management and Configuration Management based on ITIL and Cherwell ITSM software.     Test Manager   ·        Created UAT test plans, processes, user facilitation for a complex IT Software Project based on Microsoft .Net Core Restful API technology with a budget of 80 million dollars.  ·        Lead a team of 15 end users for UAT Testing, project planning, creating a master user acceptance test plan, developing project schedules, test script development, execution, defect management, and Accessibility Compliance testing.   ·        TFS Admin for the entire department.  ·        Created automated UI regression test suite and performance tests for a web Application using Microsoft CodedUI, load testing, and C#.  ·        As Scrum Master facilitated agile ceremonies including the daily stand up, sprint planning, sprint reviews, and team retrospectives. Analyzed sprint data, velocity, and backlog report to recognize trends, discuss potential areas for improvement with the team.    ·        Blocked and tackled to quickly remove impediments/troubleshoot issues/develop mitigation plans and incorporate changes into the next sprint cycle. Kept team focused on daily commitments, shielding them from outside distractions. Senior Test Engineer California Department of Social Services - Sacramento, CA 2015 to 2016 ·        Designed and developed the Testing Framework using Microsoft TFS and Test Professional.   ·        Architected Automation Testing Framework. Developed automation scripts using CodedUI and MTP for the Regression Testing, Load Testing, and Performance Testing.   ·        Performed software and hardware quality control and assurance activities to test, debug, and release complex hardware and software applications.   ·        Created and executed test plans including test cases, use cases, Traceability Matrix, acceptance criteria and reporting.   ·        Analyzed Bugs and interacted with the development team for resolution of issues.  ·        Lead test engineer in a large software project utilizing Agile Scrum. Managed Test, Release, and Deployment of IT applications using TFS and IIS.   ·        Developed policies and procedures on testing methods, execution, maintenance, code branching strategy, and reporting utilizing TFS.   ·        TFS Admin for the entire department.  ·        Developer in a SCRUM team as a test engineer. Participated in daily stand up, sprint planning, sprint reviews, and team retrospective. Create and implement Sprint test plans, writing test scripts based on acceptance criteria of user stories. Business Systems Analyst Hewlett Packard 2011 to 2015 ·        Drove process improvements through improved visibility and BI analytics for worldwide planning organization. Work with senior management to comprehend strategic improvement efforts and identify key stakeholders for that effort.   ·        Coordinate with stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts to define an end to end IT project roadmap. Serve as a focal point for full project life cycle delivery.  ·        Developed an algorithm to identify inventory aging. Architected a software solution utilizing Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) with SAP ERP, SQL Server, and QlikView. Identified aging of $85 Million inventory that was proactively reduced. Developed and presented a proof of concept solution to stakeholders.  ·        Under the direction of Executive VP, Created a worldwide aging inventory monitoring dashboard.   Utilizing SDLC project framework, assembled a team of business subject matter experts, IT architect, and IT developers to gather business requirements, develop the scope of work, architected a solution compromising of SAP ERP, SAP Hana DB, and SAP Business Object for front end dashboard.  ·         Project Manager for SAP Global Available to Promise (GATP) consolidation. Enterprise Group worldwide project to consolidate SAP ATP ERP from three different regional instances into a single worldwide Instance.     ·        Acquired business requirements and created project scoping plans.  ·        Aligned business requirements from three geographies and created a single set of functional requirements.  ·        Created documentation for business requirement, scopes of work, design, and project plans.  ·        Collaborated with IT architect to document current and future state architecture.   ·        Planned the project utilizing HP software life cycle methodology.   ·        Developed the project plans, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports. Managed the schedule, scope, and budget. IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard 2009 to 2011 ·        Utilized skills as a project manager, test engineer, and planner to improve efficiency in the supply chain planning organization. Experience in design, planning, development, implementation, and testing of business IT applications in various domains.   ·        Worked as Project Manager/Technical Lead managing, supervising, forming teams, leading cross-functional teams, onsite & offsite project teams located in different regions.  ·        Managed a worldwide distributed Applications Development Team that developed and maintained over 20 applications. I planned, estimated, scheduled, assigned, and monitored tasks for each team member.  ·        Managed multiple, concurrent software quality and testing projects and release cycles.  ·        Reduced over 400 hours of manual monthly work with automation and outsourcing. Software Engineering Manager / Project Manager Hewlett Packard 1999 to 2009 Manager for Software Diagnostics Organization for new enterprise server products. Managed a team of software engineers and lab technicians at three regions. Teams' responsibility was to QA and release diagnostics software used in automated factory testing of server products. The software supported over 15 HP-UX server models that were assembled and tested regional manufacturing sites. Workflow management of more than 20 software developers. Generated productivity metrics for resource  workload balancing. Designed user interface for test automation utilizing J2EE and MySQL. Created web-based multithreaded client/server Java Applications for factory testing of HP-UX servers. Developed HPUX Korn shell scripts to automate server testing. Trained test engineers in software development life cycle processes and coding techniques. Provided HPUX System Administrator duties for testing infrastructure. Education Masters of Business Administration in Information Technology Management Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering University of California Davis - Davis, CA Skills Project Management, Test Management, C# / MVC .Net Core, Java, TSQL, Test automation - Coded UI / Selenium, Scrum / Agile, Azure DevOps, Cherwell ITSM / ITIL, GIT / TFVC / TFS Administration Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/gurnambasra Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2017 to Present PMP #: 2042336 Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) March 2018 to Present PMI-ACP # 2182576 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) November 2017 to Present Scrum Alliance Real Estate Broker August 2007 to Present DRE #: 01807993 Driver's License Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Waterfall and Agile/Iterative project management  • Application Development  • Test Management  • Test, Release, and DevOps Configuration Management  • Business and process analysis and improvement  • Requirements, change, and release management  • Problem and risk management, incident response