Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Coordinator Minneapolis, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Trimble (via ICS) - Minnetonka, MN March 2019 to Present • Manage national corporate fleet telematic installations to meet the federally-mandated ELD upgrade deadline of December 2019.  • Coordinate field installations with installation vendors.  • Develop fleet hardware needs analysis based on fleet asset lists.  • Summarize project status, risks and issues and escalate for resolution when appropriate.  • Facilitate mid-cycle project reviews and changes with key stakeholders and vendors.  • Communicate real-time project status with key stakeholders on an hourly basis and outside traditional working hours.  • Design project management tools and client dashboard, thereby streamlining workflow and increasing data transparency and consistency.  • Create re-branding processes for outdated technical support documents. Project Coordinator Target Corporation (via Modis) - Brooklyn Park, MN October 2018 to February 2019  Supported 13 project managers across six teams in the Rollout and Deployment division.  • Constructed monthly capital expenditure requests via SAP data pulls.  • Responsible for processing invoices and generating purchase orders.  • Took initiative to design and implement an automated invoicing system to replace the previously existing  manual data entry method.  • Eliminated duplicate entries and mis-categorized statements, and improved audit capabilities and  compliance.  • Achieved 100% visibility throughout invoicing process for both vendors and project managers.  • Reduced total processing time by an 80% cross-team average and manual error by over 75%.  • Created and implemented statistical tracking system to monitor invoicing workflow. Temporary Buyer, Non-Inventory Cantel Medical (via ProStaff) - Plymouth, MN 2017 to 2017 Support planning and purchasing departments during company-wide conversion to SAP.  • Purchase non-inventory materials, equipment, and services using Kanban and time-phased order  point methodology.  • Negotiate quotes, generate SOWs and POs, and monitor and update open orders in Manage2000.  • Provide parts, equipment, and software information by analyzing and explaining enterprise  trends.  • Reconcile vendor statements and resolve shipment discrepancies between accounts payable and vendors. Telecom Project Coordinator TailWind Voice and Data - Plymouth, MN 2016 to 2017 Manage MAC and rollout VOIP projects including fiber optic conversions; new construction installs;  circuit installations and turn-ups; low voltage wiring; and emergency break-fix orders.  • Update NetSuite CMS to track project lifecycles, store related documents and deliverables, and serve as point of contact for team updates.  • Responsible for purchase order creation and distribution, project billing and invoice negotiation.  • Manage vendor SOWs, change orders, permit applications, and warranty dispatches.  • Work closely with field technicians to generate site surveys for team engineers to create client bids.  • Be primary point of contact between client and vendor to manage lifecycle expectations. IT Project Coordinator Charter Solutions - Maple Grove, MN 2016 to 2016 Assist network and telco teams with infrastructure maintenance and development during corporate merger between Data Recognition Corporation and Pearson NCS.  • Responsible for coordinating activities and resources in support of system-wide upgrades.  • Monitor and update active work queue for all sysadmins in network department.  • Assign and track network and administrative tasks within Jira.  • Arrange communication with network and telco teams, vendors, and developers nationwide. MTS Project Coordinator Thomson Reuters - Eagan, MN 2015 to 2015 Support project manager with outbound data center migration for 22 international law firm  clients.  • Help develop communication and resource plans, schedules, cost estimates, and risk mitigation and issue resolution standards.  • Support business analysis, requirements gathering, project planning and execution.  • Promote adherence to standard practices and life cycle processes to enable successful and consistent project execution.  • Ensure content related project milestones and deliverables are met, and issues and risks are  communicated. Lead Project Coordinator FedEx Office - Richfield, MN 2004 to 2014 Monitor nationwide field production and compliance of Best Buy brand print standards for over 100,000 discrete merchandising parts.  • Responsible for identifying client needs, outlining project scope, identifying potential roadblocks,  implementing action items, strategizing successful plan executions, and managing effective  directional changes as per service level agreements.  • Create project schedules, assign projects to creative teams throughout the nationwide network,  maintain workflow and job files, and monitor overall progress to full deployment.  • Serve as main point of contact and manage communications and expectations of clients, teams, and the enterprise regarding project status, timeline and budget.  • Identify opportunities for add-on sales and potential revenue growth.  • Maintain strict level of confidentiality regarding client needs and activities. Education Southern New Hampshire University BA in journalism and mass communication University of Iowa - Iowa City, IA Skills INVENTORY (1 year), MITIGATION (1 year), COLLECTION (Less than 1 year), DATA COLLECTION (Less than 1 year), FORECASTING (Less than 1 year), Estimating, Outlook, budget, Maintenance, Scheduling, budget, Maintenance, Word, Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating, Customer Service, Sales Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/jessica-roddy/61/441/846 Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS    • Data Collection and • Support Project • Financial Tracking  Interpretation Managers and Reporting  • Deliverable/Milestone • Inventory • Project Lifecycle  Tracking Forecasting Mapping  • Resource Management • Risk Analysis and • Process Design and  & Allocation Mitigation Upgrade