IT Help Desk Analyst / Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Help Desk Analyst / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Help Desk Analyst / Project Manager - Commercial Window Solutions Alexandria, VA Work Experience IT Help Desk Analyst / Project Manager Commercial Window Solutions - Hyattsville, MD February 2017 to Present Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related  to computer systems, software, and hardware at Tier 1, 2, and 3.  • Respond to queries either in person or over the phone.  • Train computer users.  • Walk the customer through the problem-solving process.  • Provide accurate information on IT products and services.  • Maintain daily performance of computer systems.  • Respond to email messages for customers seeking help.  • Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software  • Run diagnostic programs to resolve problems.  • Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN) and other systems.  • Identify and suggest possible improvements on procedures.  • Document construction meeting notes and follow-up on tasks to be performed.  • Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods.  • Review engineering design drawings for approval or correction.  • Develop project plan and schedules using MS Project setting milestones and timelines with the expected deliverables.  • Manage close out procedures and documents.  • Maintain project budgets, quality of work, and completion dates.  • Keep Regular communication with clients, architects, owners, subcontractors, suppliers including job site visits, face to face meetings, written and oral  communication to ensure project satisfaction and future business.  • Follow company policies and procedures to uphold our ethical and quality  standards.  • Maintain accurate job records, update schedules and expense reports.  • Build and maintain relationships with clients, subcontractor and supplier base.  • Analyze projects for timeliness, quality, and budget vs cost.  • Generate Risk Management plans for different projects Assistant Manager Burger King - Woodbridge, VA March 2007 to February 2017 Managed staff and material resources to meet company financial and operational  objectives.  • Ensured company standards on facility, ground, and equipment were maintained.  • Instructed and motivated team members in providing exceptional service, including friendly, fast, and accurate service that exceeds customer expectations.  • Coached and guided team members and managers on restaurant policies and processes, products and team stations.  • Reviewed financial reports and maintained inventory.  • Ensured proper documentation and safety of business records in sales activity.  • Responsible for planning and executing restaurant's community relation and promotional campaign.    SKILLS AND TOOLS    Effective communication skills (Verbal / Written), Great analytical skills, Problem solving  ability, Adaptability, Attention to detail, Collaboration, Creativity, Decision making, Leadership, Multitasking, Positive attitude, Teamwork, Time management, Work ethic,  Bilingual (English / Spanish), Software proficiency, and Project Management.    MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), MS Vision, MS Project, JIRA, SharePoint, UML, SQL Server, MS Power BI, Tableau, AutoCAD, GitHub, Claim  Engine, EDI 837 I, P and D. EDI 835, EDI 834, JavaScript, Data Mapping, Project  Management, Agile and Waterfall Methodology, Scrum, COBIT, ETL, ITIL, Technology  Architecture, GAP Analysis, Pivot Tables, H and V Lookup's, Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, Data Visualization, Data Analysis, Statistics, Accounting, and  Finance. Business Analyst Fairfax, VA August 2015 to May 2016 Prepared Use cases and produced Use Case Models, creating Behavioral  diagrams (use case diagram, activity diagrams and sequence diagrams) based on UML & Business process flow diagrams.  • Gathered functional and technical requirements and modeled the data  warehouse and the transactional database.  • Demonstrated ability to translate complex technical concepts to non-technical  peers and business partners.  • Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced and changing environment with short deadlines, interruptions, and multiple tasks / projects occurring at once.  • Worked closely with programmers and end-users to identify product and service  requirements.  • Performed SWOT and GAP analysis of business processes.  • Analyzed and document business operations current (As-Is) and future (To-Be)  work flows.  • Utilized modeling tools to visualize and clarify current and future work flows.  • Recommended and implemented change as needed to ensure business  objectives are met.  • Communicated, executed and measured business process improvement plan  across all operations.  • Assisted the test team with creating test plans outlining what should be tested by IT and the users.  • Retrieved data from database for Data Validation and Data integrity tests using  simple and complex SQL queries.  • Structured a large amount of information within a process framework.  • Identified and modeled basic business processes and requirements.  • Modeled relational databases using several Power BI tools.  • Designed and implemented practical databases using MS SQL Server.  • Created visual dashboards in Excel and Tableau for data reporting by using pivot  tables and V LOOKUP's.  • Extracted, interpreted, and analyzed data to identify key metrics and transform  raw data into meaningful, actionable information.  • Used quantitative data gathered to develop an understanding of customer  behavior, demographics, and lifecycle. Education Scrum Institute April 2019 Bachelor of Science in Information Systems & Operations Management George Mason University, School of Business - Fairfax, VA May 2016 Associate of Science in Business Administration Northern Virginia Community College - Annandale, VA May 2014