PMO Project Coordinator & CA Clarity Administrator PMO <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator &amp; CA Clarity Administrator Clarkston, MI A customer focused, energetic, Information Systems Management professional with over twenty year's experience in the information technology field, including hands on systems development and standardization of operational processes, with the last five years focused on project management. Strengths include motivating people, problem solving, excellent planning abilities and organizational skills. Demonstrated accomplishments in Automotive, Retail, Education, Healthcare, Banking and Manufacturing. Work Experience PMO Project Coordinator & CA Clarity Administrator Randstad @ Flagstar Bank October 2018 to Present Brought in to the PMO to coordinate support and serve as the CA Clarity PMO Support Specialist and System Administrator.  • Responsible for the Onboarding/Off boarding process  • Assisting the PMO team with establishing, implementing and administering standards and guidelines  • Assist project manager with project initiation, planning execution, control, closeout and tollgate activities  • Assist CA Clarity users with problem resolution, resolves user issues and escalates irresolvable issues as needed  • Maintain CA Clarity related financial, resource management and project management custom reports  • Create and maintain CA Clarity custom portlets  • Responsible for ensuring that CA Clarity is configured and maintained  • Provide CA Clarity training, mentoring and support  • Experienced in CA Clarity Resource Management and Project Management IT Support Specialist Randstad @ Flagstar Bank - Troy, MI November 2016 to Present ·      Responsible for the Onboarding/Off boarding process  ·      Responsible for calendar management, including the coordination of meetings with internal & external parties.   ·      Prepared documents or other data using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.   ·      Monitor & coordinated all educational and compliance requirements  Triage service requests from clients, internal operations and application development team using Service Now IT Support Specialist November 2016 to October 2018 Brought in to coordinate support to the Enterprise Application Services team.  • Responsible for the Onboarding/Off boarding process  • Responsible for calendar management, including the coordination of meetings with internal & external parties.  • Prepared documents or other data using word processing, spreadsheet, database, or presentation software.  • Monitor & coordinated all educational and compliance requirements  • Triage service requests from clients, internal operations and application development team using Service Now.  • Member of the Data Protection Review Group which monitors, discovers and reports on sensitive data  • Responsible for the creation and maintanace of the monthly Key Performance Indicators reports  • Provide ongoing support to the IT Director and team of Enterprise Application Services  • Developed and maintained outstanding relationships with Flagstar Bank customer base and IT staff Comerica Headquarter - Auburn Hills, MI January 2016 to July 2016 IT Sr. Project Coordinator Comerica Headquarter January 2016 to July 2016 Brought on to coordinate an in-process, large scale $50M program - transition Home Equity Line of Credit System from The current vendor PNC to FIS  • Coordinated deck preparation for the Steering Committee, Governance and Management Touchpoint  • Participated and conducted meetings with internal managers, vendors and multiple client departments for project requirements, changes and updates  • Facilitated Host Program Events along with Calendar Management  • Conducted meetings with vendors and customers on Risk and Issues Management. IT Project Manager Ford Motor Company November 2015 to December 2015 Brought in to help manage ongoing projects within SYNC 3 Division at Ford iTech  • Create Project Plans, Risk Assessments, Functional Specifications, Quality Assessment test cases, monitor project costs, and author client status meeting agenda/minutes/follow-up for project implementations  • Conducted meetings with engineers and multiple clients for project changes/updates  • Facilitated company -wide implementation of new workflow process IT Project Manager Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI November 2014 to December 2015 Custom Data Solutions, Sterling Height, MI January 2014 to August 2014 CDSI is the premier data processing, business intelligence solutions and customer support and business enhancement solutions provider for the Vending and Food Service Industries. I was brought in to help manage and support the team with Agile Methodology. IT Project Manager Custom Data Solutions, Sterling Height, MI January 2014 to August 2014 • Create Project Plans, Risk Assessments, Functional Specifications, Quality Assessment test cases, Monitor project costs, and author client status meeting agenda/minutes/follow-up for project implementations  • Triage problem tickets and service requests from clients, internal operations and Product upgrade team using JIRA.  • Implemented agile project methodology (standup meetings, user stories and agile boards using JIRA). IT Delivery Manager/ Project Manager, Web Services CareTech Solutions - Troy, MI February 1999 to November 2013 November 2010 - November 2013  Build and manage a diverse team of .NET/C# developers in the creation and support of custom functions for over 58 Healthcare  Clients  • Created and managed multiple projects from project plans, risk assessments, timeline, project deliverables, Quality Assessment, and author client budget report along with status reports/meeting minutes and follow up for project implementations, using agile project methodology.  • Ensured that objective were accomplished in accordance with outlined priorities  • Analyzed results of operations to discover more efficient ways to utilize resources  • Participated and conducted meetings with internal analyst, vendors and multiple client departments for project requirements, changes and updates  • Triage problem tickets and service requests from clients, internal shared services and Product upgrade team using BMC Remedy and Bugzilla ticketing systems.  • Instrumental in a $1.9M division turnaround while also increasing customer satisfaction by 43%.  • Provided personal development goals, mentoring and coaching.  • Monitor and approve PeopleSoft timesheets, create monthly forecasting and client support reports using PeopleSoft.  • Tripled Customer satisfaction over 2 years with a team delivery approach to project implementation and support. Project Manager/Senior System Analyst 1999 to 2010 Performed problem analysis, systems design, programming, testing and debugging, system and program documentation, project management and system implementation of moderate to highly complex applications.  • Managed multiple projects from project plan/ timeline setup, project deliverables management and status reports, to development life cycle and change management  • Analyzed results of operations to discover more efficient ways to utilize resources  • Participated and conducted meetings with internal analyst, vendors and multiple client departments for project requirements, changes and updates  • Established and standardized documentation pertaining to projects undertaken  • Identified customer difficulties, defined appropriate solutions, coordinated resources and assisted in the resolution of problems  • Developed and maintained outstanding relationships with NOMC customer base and CareTech technical staff  • Project Manager for development and deployment of an online education tracking application that increased efficiencies accelerated customer satisfaction and slashed error rate.  • Served as CareTech IT Project Manager for iDoc an online medical record system; Coordinated changes with Vendors, Managed data download from IBM Mainframe to iDoc; Provide support before, during and after  Roll out of iDoc. AS/400 System Administration/Technical Support Specialist Arbor Drugs, Inc. Corporate Headquarters - Troy, MI 1994 to 1998 Worked directly with systems in a multiplatform (Servers, PC, IBMAS/400, and IBM9672) environment and provide system problem determination, performed analysis of systems and solutions in support of Information Technology services.  • Developed and maintained a Business Disaster Recovery Plan. Planned and executed the relocation of the Data Center.  • Demonstrated advance organization, planning and follow through skills to keep work flow consisted and meet objectives.  • Developed training sessions for employees.    POS/Network Specialist  Responsible for the installation of operating system, software applications using Netview Distribution Manager (NDM) to over 200 stores running IBM 4680 or 4690 store servers. Education Associates in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Oakland Community College - Farmington Hills, MI Skills Ms project, Visio, Jira, Data loss prevention, Computer operations, Sql, Share point, Rms, Rsa, Mckesson, Symantec, Pivot tables, Operations, Staffing, Documentation, Quality assurance, Hr, Budget, Governance, Dictation Additional Information Skills    Applications: Service Now, Symantec Data Loss Prevention, RSA Identity Governance, Microsoft Suite, MS Project, Visio, Share point, Clarity, JIRA, System, SQL-Structured Query, RMS-Backup Recovery and Media Distribution Manager,  McKesson Health Care System, Arrendale Transcript Assistant, Winscribe Dictation System.    Additional Skills: KPI Reporting, Computer Operations, Technology Migration, Documentation Technologies, Business Recovery Plan, Quality Assurance, Project Management and New Product Development, Staffing/HR Management, Pivot Tables, Macros, Budget Report, Agile SCRUM and Waterfall Methodology.