IT Asset Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Asset <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Asset Manager Houston, TX Seasoned IT professional with 12 years of IT experience and knowledge of Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Asset Manager Insperity (IST Management Services) - Houston, TX October 2018 to Present • Responsible for managing end of life IT assets.  • Responsible for audits of IT Assets  • Lead large IT Service Management transformation projects including project management, ITIL process design, solution design, technical tool design, and implementation on an IT Service Management platform.  • Responsible for ensuring I.T. Asset Management processes, policies, and procedures are in place to meet regulatory, operational, audit and reporting requirements related to Software and IT Asset Management.  • Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges.  • Assist in the management and delivering of large projects.  • Responsible for IT software license compliance.  • IT hardware and software procurement including tracking YTD actual against budget.  • Coordinate IT storage room audits and adherence to standards.  • Manage IT Asset inventory solutions and maintain inventory integrity.  • Manage, review, and reconcile physical inventories of IT assets.  • Track, coordinate, and manage requests for IT assets and the refresh of existing assets in accordance to IT Service Level Agreements and within scheduled refresh cycles.  • Assists in budget forecasting and analysis for IT assets.  • Promote IT asset management best practices within the organization, recommend asset management policies and procedures, and identify opportunities for improving service delivery methods.  • Manage inventory control of all IT equipment including all hardware and software tracking and perform associated administrative support.  • Responsible for developing, documenting, and managing IT business processes associated with hardware and software asset & licensing. IT Help Desk/Asset Management Conn's Home Plus - Houston, TX December 2017 to Present • Provides procurement support, focusing on multiple simple-to-complex, commodities, as well as specific technologies, to develop expertise.  • Responsible for conducting various forms of analysis - including spending, business, financial and supplier analysis.  • Develop first cost and total cost models and other related assessments.  • Responsible for tracking and reporting cost management initiatives to management.  • Support IT special projects, including but not limited to: office moves, data recovery, hardware and software testing, acquisition integrations, etc.  • Responsible for managing technology assets.  • Compile and maintain inventory of company software and systems assets for the purpose of tracking their corresponding licenses.  • Responsible for managing computer inventory.  • Managed software licenses.  • Responsible for managing inventory of IT equipment and tracking it in service now.  • Provides procurement support, focusing on multiple simple- to-complex, commodities, as well as specific technologies, to develop expertise.  • Responsible for conducting various forms of analysis - including spend, business, financial and supplier analysis.  • Develop first cost and total cost models and other related assessments. Technical Support Engineer NCR Corporation (Icon Resource Group) - Houston, TX 2017 to 2017 • Document issues by creating and/or contributing technical content for enhancing procedures and policy documents for functions within the Technical Support Group.  • Responsible for managing IT asset inventory.  • Coordinate, Track, and manage IT assets, and inventory and receives delivery of IT Assets.  • Responsible for driving to asset receiving locations to pick up items.  • Provide a professional and courteous customer service experience and set expectations based on agreed processes.  • Manage multiple issues simultaneously in environment where change is commonplace.  • Assist in resolving issues with Internet Service Providers.  • Document issues by creating and/or contributing technical content for enhancing procedures and policy documents for functions within the Technical Support Group. IT Project Manager CenterPoint Energy (HirePower Personnel, Inc) - Houston, TX 2012 to 2015 • Responsible for supervising field personnel which included evaluating projects and resulted in improved completion of project by 10%.  • Responsible for Directing and Coordinating projects assigned that resulted in 300 man hours saved.  • Responsible for scheduling, coordinating and directing projects that resulted in improved performance from contractors and logistics performance improved by 50%.  • Responsible for leading kick-off meetings, and assisting with project requirements that resulted in improved inventory cost by 10% and decreased over spending by 20%.  • Responsible for maintaining communication with management and stakeholders that resulted in timely and efficient completion of jobs, issues and process improvement by 10%.  • Was responsible for scheduling, coordinating, and overseeing the installation and configuration of material and equipment at newly constructed telecommunications facilities.  • Attended kick-off meetings to consult with team members to determine project requirements.  • Maintained good communication with business and technical users to assure timely and efficient completion of jobs, proper communication of issues, and proper documentation of the entire process at each job site. IT Project Manager/Technician Crosby Independent School District - Crosby, TX 2008 to 2012 • Supervised direct reports of up to 5 associates which included training, coaching, directing, and leading employees.  • Work with end users and company management to identify and solve problems and deliver proactive business analysis and project management support ensuring that corporate and enterprise projects align with strategic needs.  • Design, test, and implement solutions and modifications to maintain our business information systems and improve company work-flow, production, efficiency, and effectiveness.  • Lead all aspects of system operation, integration, and upgrade projects including project planning, status tracking and reporting.  • Interact and moderate between business department and technical users.  • Maintain applications and business requirements of rapidly changing technology.  • Act as the 1st tier support for our applications and users.  • Document changes and help provide users with instructions.  • Prepare, document, and provide a business design for user requirements and/or requests for changes as required.  • Supervised direct reports of up to 5 associates which included training, coaching, directing, and leading employees.  • Was promoted to project manager that resulted in completion of projects within budget and scope.  • Managed the IP Surveillance camera project that resulted in completion and reduction in theft and safety.   • Managed the computer replacement project that led to increased employee satisfaction and motivation by 15%.  • Managed the VOIP phone project that led to increased employee satisfaction and increased business processes by 10%. Network Technician Allergy & ENT Associates - Houston, TX 2007 to 2008 • Install, configure, and maintain common end user application software. May train and provide assistance to end users.  • Negotiate terms, conditions of sale, and warranties of software applications with key suppliers, vendors, and service providers.  • Documents problems relating to hardware, software and networks, resolving them independently or referring them to appropriate staff or outside vendors as needed.  • Documents problems relating to departmental processes.  • Responsible for managing IT asset inventory.  • Manage, track, and coordinate requests for IT assets.  • Responsible for coordinating, managing, and receiving the delivery of IT assets to all locations Information Systems Support Specialist Isle of Capri Casino & Hotel - Lake Charles, LA 2006 to 2007 • Responsible for tracking IT inventory and updating database.  • Responsible for enhancing IT processes and documentation.  • Implemented $3,000,000 worth of software that resulted in increased user efficiency, and employee production.  • Support and maintain user account information including rights, security and systems groups  • Perform routine LAN administrative duties as required   • Provides specialized user support services including the timely diagnosis and resolution of problems and malfunctions in computer applications  • Prepares hardware, software, and procedural documentation Education BBA - Some College in General Business Administration McNeese State University - Lake Charles, LA AAT in Computer Technology Sowela Technical & Community College - Lake Charles, LA Skills Project Management (7 years), Asset Management (1 year), IT Infrastructure (10+ years), Supervising (5 years), Managerial (5 years), SLA, Estimating, budget, Outlook, Scheduling, Strategic Planning, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses Project Management Simplified 2016 to Present Managing Small Projects 2016 to Present Insights from a Project Manager 2016 to Present Become an Agile Project Manager 2017 to Present Scrum: The Basics 2017 to Present SQL for Data Reporting and Analysis 2017 to Present Additional Information Henry Thomas  832-328-7582  henryjthomas@hotmail.com    Dear Employer:    I think differently most people I know, I apply logic, reason and emotional aspects in equal proportion to the solution of problems.     I have an unusual amount of intuition when it comes to people, I am able to figure out motivations and intentions with a high rate of accuracy. Even with people whom I've had very little interaction with.     I don't fit stereotypes very well. I'm often the odd one out in a group.   I surprise people often with my reactions and perspectives.     I have a high EQ, which I feel is incredibly useful, particularly in my fields of IT Management and Project Management & IT infrastructure, so I make a point of flexing and improving these skills.     I love to read and have the ability to absorb and apply abstract principles and transfer these points of learning to other fields and applications, which I'm told is a relatively rare ability.     I love being different and surprising and not fitting stereotypes. I'm rather pleased to be me. I have a great self-esteem and good confidence which makes me willing to seek out and accept challenges which I may not appear to be able to deliver on initially.     I'm not afraid of failure. In fact I think it is an essential part of the experimental process that gets you to success.     This is why I'm unique.    Sincerely,    Henry Thomas