IT Manager/ Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Accomplished, Results Oriented, Operations and Sales Manager Doylestown, PA Accomplished, collaborative, cross-functional leader with significant experience and success in operations, sales, project, and vendor management. Demonstrated history of meeting and exceeding revenue goals. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills; builds and maintains strategic relationships with diverse groups of clients and colleagues. Superior time management, organization, and multitasking skills; manages high-priority assignments with ease. Employs strong initiative to complete tasks under strict deadlines in fast-paced, challenging work environments with shifting priorities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/ Project Manager EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE - Princeton, NJ 2015 to Present ? IT Operations service delivery for cloud infrastructure and services for successful global test taker administrations. Vendor governance capacity management as well as optimization for on-premise and public cloud estate.    ? Driving results toward risk mitigation, build and support of eco-systems, process, project oversight, cost containment and savings. Strategic Account Executive COMCAST CORPORATION - Horsham, PA 2013 to 2015 ? Led consultative selling focused on new business development for Comcast Business Enterprise Division for government, medical, and education verticals  ? Solution design for award winning fiber data and voice networks for state-of-the-art collaborative communications.  ? Provide implementation oversight with PMO and ensure delivery of all customer service requirements.  ? Regional sales award for exceeding quota. National Account Manager CAROUSEL INDUSTRIES, INC - Bensalem, PA 2008 to 2013 ? IT data center and unified communication product and services sales leader for consistently existing quota requirements and developing net new business nationally.  ? Contributed in exponential growth by cultivating net new revenue of $20M+ in technology portfolio.  ? Manufacturer and corporate awards for consistent quota attainment. National Account Manager CONVERGE ONE - Warminster, PA 2006 to 2008 ? Sales and contract negotiations for IT solution products and services >5M annually.  ? Established higher education market nationally with enterprise grade manufacturer solution sales.  ? Led market events and campaigns developing markets throughout US.  ? Presidential Award recipient annually for sales achievements. Communications Consultant MITEL INCORPORATED - Conshohocken, PA 2004 to 2006 ? Outside sales for corporate unified communications, IT products and managed services.  ? Consistently exceed quota by negotiating >$MM in solution sales for recurring revenue contracts.  ? Presidential award for consistently exceeding quota and new business development. Executive Assistant/ IT Project Management Aetna - Blue Bell, PA May 1992 to August 2004 ? Administrative management and support for executive leadership of: informatics; contracts; provider relations, and marketing divisions.  ? IT project portfolio management governance for numerous stakeholders and cross-functional business units.  ? Project management for marketing campaigns and and financial analyst for cost savings initiatives. Education Master's in Business Administration Delaware Valley University - Doylestown, PA 2020 Bachelor of Arts in Communications and, Business Administration, Temple University, School of Media and Communications, Fox School of Business - Philadelphia, PA August 1999 to May 2003 Bachelor's Skills NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT (10+ years), VENDOR MANAGEMENT (10+ years), OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT (10+ years), OPERATIONS (10+ years), Organizational (10+ years), Change Management (10+ years), Excel, Management Additional Information AREAS OF STRENGTH AND EXPERTISE    ? IT Management  ? Operations  ? Sales  ? Vendor Management  ? Organizational Leadership  ? Client Engagement  ? Relationship Building    ? 2018 Presidential Award for >$1M in annual IT cost savings and new process implementations.  ? Numerous sales awards in every position for consistently exceeding quota and goals.