Project Manager Contractor Public Trust Clearance in progress <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Contractor Public Trust Clearance in progress Project Manager Contractor Washington, DC Work Experience Project Manager Contractor Public Trust Clearance in progress US Department of Veterans Affairs - Washington, DC May 2019 to Present Providing project management support for EHRM - Electronic Health Record Modernization. IT Project Manager Contractor US Department of the Treasury - Washington, DC September 2018 to May 2019 with active Public Trust Clearance  Tasked with providing Project Management Support for various Cloud implementations including Office 365 (SaaS), IaaS, Azure, and AWS following federal government security and compliance standards, including FISMA and NIST. Ensuring  Contractor's performance complies with all contractual and task order requirements and acts as the primary point of contact for the work to be performed. Responsible for the day to day management and supervision of the contract team ( Cloud and  Security Engineers). Deliverables include Project Schedule, WBS, task management, risk & issue management, communication  plan, training plan, team meeting, minutes, documentation creation and review, and status reporting up to Senior Management. IT Project Manager Contractor Hogan Lovells Global Law Firm - Washington, DC February 2018 to April 2018 Performed project manager to implement a replacement travel management & booking service (SAP Concur). Features included an enhanced UX User Experience including SSO Single Sign On, 1 click navigation, and mobile capability for full service travel  needs. Tools and best practices include PMI PMBoK, MS office, MS Project and a PPM (WorkFront). IT Project Manager Contractor Anthem Health Insurance Company March 2016 to January 2018 Provided project management for several concurrent projects including Medicaid, ACA, NCQA compliance, LTSS, Pega  CRM & Pega BPM, Pharmacy, Claims (including Facets and WGS), Enrollment, Eligibility, Payments, Data (integration, conversion, analysis), Customer Care Center, Member Portal Digital / website portal enhancements, Mobile capabilities, and  enhanced UX User Experience using AWS, JIRA, Confluence, Zephyr, SharePoint, MS Project and Project Server following  Agile, Safe, Scrum, SDLC Waterfall and Hybrid and PMI PMBOK.    1|Page    - Created, maintained and managed multiple standalone and master integrated project schedules. Also responsible for requirements management, change management, risk and issue management, creating and managing the budget (EVM), Project  status meetings and reports and ad hoc working sessions as needed up to Senior Leadership.  - Managed and coordinated developers, BA / BSA, Designers, Architects, DBA, QA testers and release teams; coordinated with government employees and vendors.  - Implementation / release management tasks included end to end full coverage testing (dev, test, UAT, SAT, integration, stress)  and approval, scheduling, coordinating and the management of multiple releases across the company for multiple applications across various departments and change management. The releases included application updates, OS patches, security updates  and other software as needed. IT Project Manager Contractor Anthem Health Insurance Company October 2015 to January 2016 Provided program and project management for the implementation and maintenance of a Global Digital Marketing SaaS / Cloud solution working with an international team of developers, analysts, testers, and salespeople. IT Project Manager Contractor Superior Court, Court of Appeals & DC Bar - Washington, DC June 2015 to September 2015 Provided project management, requirements gathering and vendor management for the implementation of a SaaS (Cloud) Legal  Case Management System (JustWare) & the installation of an OnBase Interface. IT Project Manager Contractor Arlington County - Government, Virginia, US March 2011 to May 2015 Provided project management for multiple concurrent infrastructure, migration, software, hardware upgrade and replacement  (PC/ Desktop), SaaS and COTS upgrades /implementation projects, including enterprise wide Windows 7 operating system  upgrade, Office 365 (Exchange, Skype, OneDrive) upgrade, Construction projects included office and data center buildouts  requiring the procurement and installation or relocation of the technology equipment and services for (fiber, cables, data center, network, Cisco phones, VOIP, computers, AV, security, cameras) in new construction buildings and renovations. Other  activities included contract review, SOW development and electrical construction diagram review. Implementation / release  management included multiple releases to all county departments including software, hardware and patches. IT Project / Program Manager Contractor US Department of Housing & Urban Development - Washington, DC October 2010 to February 2011 Provided project management best practices guidance, training and mentoring to Business Leads and IT Project Managers  supporting the IT Transformation Initiative delivering Project Management Life Cycle documents including Risk Management, Cost / Budget Management and Integrated / Master Project Schedules adhering to the Government PPM Framework and  requests from OMB and Congress. Project software implementations include COTS, SaaS / Cloud and traditional software  development following SDLC. Also provided MS Project training. o IT Project & Program Manager Contractor Blue Cross Blue Shield Health Insurance April 2008 to October 2010 BCBS Louisiana) -Provided Project Management and requirements  management for a large-scale project to re-platform and re-brand the public website, and secure the member portal using  leading edge technologies creating an enhanced digital user experience, e-marketing and functionality using Agile  Methodology.  o IT Project Manager Contractor (Carefirst Maryland) -Provided project management support for Enrollment/  Renewal/ Modifications account migrations and consolidations, also moved the Large account groups from old legacy  claims processing systems to FACETS and NASCO. Worked with the Sales, Enrollment and Benefits business areas to ensure minimum impact on membership. Responsibilities include Documentation review and assessment, Issue  Management, QA Assessment and Document Management.  o IT Project Manager Contractor (Carefirst, Washington DC) -Provided project management for the Claims Processing  / Claim Adjudication enhancement project. Implemented claim audit system (McKesson Claim Check) for integration with TriZetto Facets claims processing system with combined vendor, customer, technical and business resources in a matrix  onsite and offsite environment applying proven project life cycle management tools and following an SDLC process for software development, COTS implementation and infrastructure upgrade (platform, servers, workstations, software).  o IT Project Manager Contractor (FEPOC, Washington DC) - As part of a major mainframe to web/client server  conversion initiative, provided project management support and oversight for the FEP - Federal Employee Plan Claims  Centralization project. Digital / Web IT Project Manager Consultant American Chemical Society - Washington, DC April 2007 to March 2008 2|Page    Provided Project Management for multiple concurrent projects including web content migration (Stellent), web site design and implementation, software upgrade (Web Trends), SaaS / Cloud implementation (Oracle RightNow) and Web Analytics for a  major Web site upgrade to improve the user experience. Project Portfolio Management & CPIC Analyst Contractor Federal Government US Department of the Treasury - Washington, DC May 2006 to October 2006 Supported the CPIC -Capital Planning & Investment Control policy and the OMB Circular A-11 Exhibit 300 (OMB 300)  submission process for the Select, Control and Evaluate phases of the CPIC cycle (scoring business cases and making  recommendations to the ITIRB) - interacting with project and investment managers within the bureaus to ensure OMB, NIST, FISMA and Treasury guidelines are met and appropriately documented. Evaluated investments for EVM- Earned Value  Management, Performance Measurement, Risk Assessment, Enterprise Architecture (using PPM Project Portfolio Management  Tool (Primavera ProSight)) and MS Project. IT PMO Project Manager / Release Manager Contractor Mortgage Bank -Fannie Mae - Washington, DC January 2005 to May 2006 Managed the process for the development, coordination, project scheduling, and implementation of Securities Pricing and Accounting financial application software releases into production for the restatement effort. Collected, and analyzed of  historical financial data including Capital Market Data (equities, derivatives), trading data and reprocessing data using Business  rules. Also provided post implementation production support. IT Project Manager Contractor Federal Government - US Department of Education Washington DC January 2004 to January 2005 Provided project management and PMO oversight of several vendors and staff for the development of the EDEN data  warehouse for No Child Left Behind compliance. Provided data for OMB Exhibit 300 business case in preparation for the CPIC select phase. Created and rolled out a Customer Support / Call center to support the data collection process. Developed  the SLA and the SLA guide for the helpdesk. Provided contract / task order support to the COTR / COR. Performed RFP / RFI process development and management. IT PMO Program Manager Consultant JP Morgan Chase March 2003 to December 2003 Provided oversight and management of multiple concurrent business & infrastructure projects for a multimillion dollar  Mainframe infrastructure Mortgage program using offshore resources. Program included data center move for mainframe and system consolidation, migration, transformation, relocation, software development & conversion projects and the procurement and installation of third party software (COTS). Business Project Manager Consultant Blue Cross Blue Shield Health Insurance March 2002 to December 2002 Managed multiple projects in a Mainframe environment for Sales and Marketing business initiatives. Business and technical  processes included contract management, communication strategy and HIPAA compliance. IT Project Manager & Business Analyst Consultant JP Morgan Chase - London February 2001 to July 2001 Central point of contact between the Global technology units and (financial) trading floor data and Capital Market data business  units (traders, dealers, and fund managers) for gathering requirements and managing the definition of requirements and ensuring  technology solutions adhere to requirements. Business processes included (financial) asset and fund management, wealth  management, investment products, equities & securities processing, trading, custody and settlement in the USA, UK and Switzerland. Project Management Charles Schwab - San Francisco, CA January 2000 to January 2001 for Financial application software development and infrastructure projects. IBM Mainframe / Web. Education Management PMI Project Management Institute Bachelor of Arts in (BA) Education City University of New York Certificate in Paralegal Studies Adelphi University Skills Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating, budget