IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - NTT Data Buford, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager NTT Data - Atlanta, GA 2017 to Present A global consulting company providing application, cloud, digital and managed services.    As a member of the IT PMO, managed multiple projects in a hybrid waterfall/agile environment.    • Enterprise Projects:  o Managing the rollout of the MS OneDrive Cloud application and storage consolidation project as a subproject of the Office 365 rollout.  • Data Center Infrastructure Projects:  o Managed multiple data center infrastructure projects for customers from server build through deployment to include new systems, server refreshes, and DR planning and testing.  • Server Decommissions:  o Improved the server decommission process by implementing new processes to reduce the amount of time a server is decommissioned from several weeks to four weeks enhancing data  center security.  • Process Improvement:  o Provided team visibility to project lessons learned by developing a SharePoint list as a centralized lessons learned database.  o Enhanced project efficiency by revising the deployment and project plan templates ensuring  all tasks are listed in the most efficient order.  • Mentorship:  o Mentored the new project manager reducing the learning curve from several months to several weeks. Project Manager Oldcastle Materials - Atlanta, GA 2017 to 2017 The leading vertically integrated supplier of aggregates, asphalt, ready-mix concrete, and construction and paving services in the United States.    As a member of the IT PMO, managed small development projects and large infrastructure projects in a hybrid waterfall/agile environment. Assisted the Program Manager and PMO with developing policy and  procedures to support IT project management efforts.    • Enterprise Infrastructure Projects:  o Joined the SDWAN project after the pilot phase to implement SDWAN in 1,500+ locations with data and voice constraints by adding project management structure and creating tracking  mechanisms for action items and network test results to improve project efficiency.  • Software Projects:  o Utilized Scrum to develop and implement application reports.  o Managed a custom software enhancement project that added software functionality and modified user processes.  • Implemented Program Dashboards:  o Utilized Clarizen to build program dashboards to facilitate clear and transparent program  communications with IT and business stakeholders. Product Coordination Manager McKinsey & Company - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2017 A global management consulting firm that serves private and public companies, governments, not-for-profits and non-governmental organizations.    • Product Coordination:  o Facilitated the flow of information among product managers and senior leadership by administering workstream and onboarding tasks common to five product lines.  o Managed the contract process by creating and updating statements of work then working with legal teams to obtain consensus on contract language.  • Software Projects:  o Implemented Salesforce Sales Cloud as a solution for centralized sales, financial and project  management enhancing client engagement by centralizing communication, task management and reporting.  o Served as onsite Salesforce Administrator by evaluating and approving changes.  • Streamlined Contract Process:  o Streamlined statement of work templates ensuring contractual needs are met reducing the time needed for preparation, legal review and contract execution. Project Manager McKinsey & Company - Atlanta, GA 2016 to 2016 The bank offers standard retail and commercial services, as well as mortgage, wealth and investment  management, insurance, investment banking, equipment leasing, and brokerage services.    • Resource Management:  o Procured and scheduled infrastructure resources for large, complex, enterprise wide projects for two business portfolios.  • Enterprise Portfolio Management:  o Managed infrastructure initiatives within two portfolios, ie. VPN moves, server migrations,  software configuration changes, etc.  • Process Improvement:  o Produced a SharePoint site utilized by Delivery Managers and the PMO to consolidate multiple  excel documents enhancing collaboration on the annual project selection and budget process.  o Recrafted the resource procurement process to enhance resource utilization planning, monitor  work performed and provide timely communication with project stakeholders.  o Migrated the technology expense request process to SharePoint consolidating multiple Excel  documents providing a single source of data and easier collaboration.  o Created standardized documentation that provided a uniform format and prompt creation.  § Created the server migration project plan to streamline the process ensuring timely  and accurate migrations. Project Manager/Subject Matter Expert McKesson - Alpharetta, GA 2010 to 2016 A healthcare services and information technology company dedicated to making the business of healthcare  run better, currently ranked 12th on the FORTUNE 500.    • Service Contract Management:  o Managed project activities with offshore technical analysts for multiple concurrent  infrastructure service contracts for patient critical 24 x 7 data center environments.  o Directed onboarding activities with cross functional team members for application service  contracts (AMS) for patient critical 24 x 7 help desk environments.  o Consulted with hospital senior leadership and staff to analyze current and pending services,  determine requirements, assess contract issues and establish solutions.  • Drove Revenue Goals:  o Consistently met or exceeded monthly revenue goal of $400,000 even after the team was  downsized from three team members to one.  • Initiated Process Improvement:  o Led and mentored a team of analysts to streamline and continuously improve BMC's Patrol  install process facilitating faster ticket closure due to fewer issues.  o Created the upgrade/migration process to simplify activities for upgrade / migration project  managers ensuring collaborative efforts between multiple business units and avoiding  suspension of service for clients.  o Redesigned the AMS project plan and restructured activities for a predictable, repeatable  process.  o Overhauled the project tracker into SharePoint and increased productivity by allowing multiple  users simultaneous updates and then created the project tracker dashboard as a synopsis of all projects and due dates. Services Coordinator/ Project Manager I.B.I.S., Inc - Norcross, GA 2007 to 2009 A Sonata Software Company that provides digital transformation for distributors, manufacturers and retailers.    • Resource Management:  o Maintained the master project schedule for Microsoft Dynamics implementation projects and custom development projects for 40 developers, project managers, and consultants.  o Ensure client satisfaction by monitoring resource activities during and after project  completion.  o Performed project implementation reviews and managed the biannual client survey process  exceeding goal of 85% response rate per survey period.  • Process Improvement:  o Created and utilized SharePoint sites tracking SOW's, legal documents, and training events  centralizing information and enhancing productivity. Education High school or equivalent Skills Certified Scrum Master, PMP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/ChristineLee18 Certifications/Licenses PMP March 2018 to March 2021 PSM Present