Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Hardy, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator NEWBOLD CORPORATION - Rocky Mount, VA September 2014 to Present • Interface with client IT management in in project kick-off and updates; provide information for contract billing. Host and manage project status worksheets.  • Create SOWs, procure, schedule and approve third party technicians for the projects. Work with the tech onsite walking them through installations or troubleshooting. Verify job completion and manage spending limits.  • Provide data analysis, pivot tables on project and call center data for upper management  • Schedule technicians for Help Desk maintenance work. Assist in advanced troubleshooting as needed.  • Use clients’ virtual machines, Active Directories and remote tools to verify information for the projects. Sales Associate/Resident tech Staples - Roanoke, VA December 2011 to December 2017 • Certified Windows trainer  • Certified Staples Technician  • Performed computer troubleshooting & repairs, data transfers, virus removal, new system setup, software installation  • onsite installations of PCs, small networks and office equipment (printers, copiers, cameras, tablets and phones). IT Service Desk Technician NewBold Corporation - Rocky Mount, VA September 2014 to October 2017 • Perform retail help desk support for POS/PC, Verifone and Ingenico credit card readers, barcode scanners, receipt printers, laser report printers, ID TECH keyboards and card readers, and layer 1 network troubleshooting (Cisco Meraki Portal) to 700 L’Oréal stores in the 50 states, Canada and Mexico; Provide support in Spanish and French (occasionally). Assisted with training and onboarding of new team members.  • Use Bomgar and Teamviewer to remotely repair, educate and eventually find alternative solutions to problems reported to the help desk. Used Autotask and Remedy ticketing systems.  • Interface with third party services for internet, network infrastructure, phone, traffic counter and music box.  • Create documentation for escalation and procedures for the different client SLAs. IT Developer HCL- Axon - Jersey City, NJ June 2010 to May 2011 • Created MS Access database to plan for training of 32000 employees in 400 courses for 200 job-roles. Used VBA to extract data from Excel workbooks to manipulate and clean-up data to load the training database.   • Created SQL queries to modify create or update data in future data loads. Created reports, forms and dashboards to export data to pivot tables.  • Developed bank communication interfaces that exchange XML messages between legacy systems and SAP through file, HTLM and proxy adapters.   • Set working FTP/SFTP connectivity between NS interfaces and the banks. PGP encrypted or decrypted messages as per specification. Created or utilized user defined java functions in data mapping when required. Lead troubleshooting of PI’s and network issues between the customer’s and the banks’ network experts.  Project Coordinator Structures Design/Build - Roanoke, VA November 2004 to December 2005 • Developed Excel workbooks and MS Access databases to help manage client & job information, process change orders and allowance accounts and report job closing activity. Redesigned forms to generate meeting agenda in MS Excel and MS Word.  • Developed work procedures for job start, contracting, permitting, processing change orders, selections, billing, processing payments, collections and job closings.  • Provided support with PC maintenance for immediate office needs. Project Manager VTLS Inc. - Blacksburg, VA May 2000 to August 2003 • Managed 97installation and configuration of enterprise server/client level software application projects ($1.2 million) for library automation (audio, data, and image/video) systems worldwide.  • Taskforce team member in the revision and implementation of the Project Management Guidelines to reduce project implementation time from 180 to 55 days. Participated in RFP and needs requirements assessment. Managed projects from bid stage up to system hand-off to Customer Support.   • Took ownership of the implementation project, created the Project implementation Plan and managed all communication to and from the customers on every aspect of the implementation, migration and training, or unprecedented issues while keeping the project timeline. Coordinated acquisition and testing of hardware, network, internet connectivity, third party software (i.e. Oracle), customizations and data migrations (i.e. SAP/PeopleSoft) as per implementation plan. Documented customer's requirements for customization design and data migrations as per company’s project management procedures. Coordinated testing of all software prior to delivery.  • Managed subcontractors, team members and trainers required for completion of activities in the implementation Education Internet Programming Ceritificate in Information Technology Virginia Western Community College - Roanoke, VA Master's in Business Administration Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University - Blacksburg, VA Master's in Forest Economics University of Wisconsin-Madison - Madison, WI Bachelor's in Forestry University of São Paulo - Brazil - Piracicaba, SP, Brazil Skills Project Management (4 years), Project Coordination (3 years), Data Analysis (4 years), Microsoft Office 2008 - 2016 (10+ years), Computer Repair (7 years), IT Help Desk - support (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Assessments Organizational Skills — Expert August 2019 Arranging and managing information or materials using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lpyycaxquch-ks9n Project Management Skills: Time Management — Highly Proficient August 2019 Prioritizing and allocating time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/nuts3ov-e01u8qk6 Critical Thinking — Highly Proficient August 2019 Using logic to solve problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jripd1ga-njf3l9k Accounting Skills: Bookkeeping — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to calculate and determine the accuracy of financial data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/e2x6z-sxmfzvvebw Written Spanish for English Speakers — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to respond to basic requests written in Spanish. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/5tjhxdqk-ck0ownb Spreadsheets with Microsoft Excel — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate’s Microsoft Excel knowledge including common tools, PivotTables, conditional & nested formulas, and custom visuals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cjt8imrefiy-bhgx Problem Solving — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/cmypwjdpcq-zjrwh Intermediate Word Processing with Microsoft Word — Expert August 2019 Measures a candidate's knowledge of intermediate Microsoft Word techniques including the use of formatting, Track Changes, and Comments. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/4v42qhni8crcan-i Technical Support — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/mjcycvthww9j5dnm Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Project Management Professional (PMP) Certification Preparation Class from Virginia Western Community College    Languages   • Fully proficient: English, Portuguese, Swedish   • Intermediary: Spanish   • Basic: French, German