MTS III Spec- IT Qual Assur MTS III Spec-<span class="hl">IT</span> Qual Assur Infosys - Contractor - Verizon Business Leesburg, VA IT professional with 5+ years’ experience as a Software Testing Engineer with proven leadership, work ethic, and strong skills. Ability to partner with required development team to guarantee a reliable code, faster deployment, and quality product. Work Experience MTS III Spec- IT Qual Assur Infosys – Contractor for Verizon Business - Ashburn, VA December 2018 to Present ·        SIT and End to End (E2E) Lead of multiple epics and federal projects.  ·        SIT Lead on a customer facing web application.  ·        Extensive experience debugging code issues by utilizing web development tools.  ·        SIT Tester for internal applications (Web-Based and Mainframe)  ·        API Testing by using SOAP UI tool  ·        Work on creating detailed test cases, for positive and negative scenarios.  ·        ATF for multiple federal projects.  ·        Work with end user to understand their challenges and development to ensure a better user experience.  MTS III Spec- IT Qual Assur Verizon Business - Ashburn, VA June 2017 to December 2018 ·        SIT Lead of multiple epics on multiple federal projects.  ·        Worked with the team to improve the testing skills switching from manual to a more automated testing approach.  ·        Worked on improving testing techniques with different teams relying more on automated regression testing.  ·        Work as E2E test on different migration projects from legacy systems to newer technologies. Including VoIP Services.    IT-Testing / Quality Assurance II Verizon Business – Pinnacle Resources Group - Ashburn, VA May 2016 to June 2017 ·        Lead multiple product stacks for a federal project.  • Test End-to-End all the products of these stacks.  • Created test cases mapping different systems’ user stories to certify a complete end-to-end test   • Attend daily calls to provide status and retrospective calls to provide ways of improvements.  • Work with the agile model, analyzing user stories and testing with the iteration methodology.  • Work as SIT (System Integrated Testing) for two different epics.  • Debug test failures, worked closely with the Software Development Teams, and reported bugs and design gaps.  • Work with Software Development team to ensure a faster and more reliable code deployment.  • Perform regression testing in the testing and production environment to ensure the quality of the code  • Assist in the creation of scripts to reduce manual testing introducing a more automated approach. Quality Assurance Project Manager Lead Verizon Business - Newtech, S.R.L - Santo Domingo, DO October 2015 to April 2016 • Managed a group of 16 employees, with other offshore leads.  • Performed planning and testing as part of the software development life cycle.  • Attended daily calls with UAT facilitators.  • Worked with developers to reduce the time of defects resolution.  • Worked with the agile methodology, analyzing different epic user stories' and testing them within the iteration. Quality Assurance Project Manager Verizon Business - Newtech, S.R.L - Santo Domingo, DO December 2014 to October 2015 • Plan and create test cases based on design documents • Upload test plan information on HP Quality Center to keep track of issues and defects • Provided project status and handoffs to offshore partners.  • Participated in call meetings with business managers and users to agree upon what exactly needs to be tested and its final purpose.  • Participated in the change management process, and identify their risks and benefits.  • Trained the team on unknown or new areas to achieve a faster and smoother testing.  • Documented all the processes that the product goes through. Education Master's in Computer Science Rochester Institute of Technology - Santo Domingo January 2014 to December 2015 Bachelor's in Telematics Engineering Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra - Santo Domingo, DO August 2009 to December 2013 Skills Jenkins, Software development, Xml, Soap, Jira, Jira (2 years), Confluence (2 years), SQL (Less than 1 year), HP Quality Center (4 years), Agile (2 years), Waterfall (3 years), Testing (5 years) Certifications/Licenses CAPM July 2015 to July 2020 Additional Information SKILLS    • Programming Languages: SQL, XML, Java (Basic)  • Tools and Utilities: HP Quality Center, JIRA, Soap UI, Selenium, Jenkins, One Confluence  • Software Development Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile  • IT Helpdesk Support