SCRUM MASTER II SCRUM MASTER II SCRUM MASTER II Work Experience SCRUM MASTER II M3 Accounting + Analytics - Lawrenceville, GA January 2019 to July 2019 Led four teams of 15 resources to run Scrum and Extreme Programming (EP) frameworks  along with SDLC to deliver quality products, which led to ~$100K in revenue per month.  • Hosted Planning, Reviews, Retrospectives, Daily Stand-ups, & Backlog Refinement  Sessions with Product Owner.  • Utilized TFS (like JIRA) to plan each scrum team's capacity and gather KPI information to create reports for the management and executive team.  • Gathered Burndown, Velocity, Burn Up, Quality Assurance, Refinement Rate, and various other KPI information using MS Excel.  * Proactively escalated issues to DevOps and Infrastructure teams, in order to remove impediments  from team's direct focus to meet tight deadlines.  • Reduced deferment of iteration stories by 25% by influencing the DevOps and Infrastructure  teams to help resolve issues quickly.  • Mitigated issues from external teams so that the team could focus on their iteration stories  * Improved team velocity by 30% by incorporating capacity planning and "Lean Coffee" into sprint  planning and backlog refinement sessions.  • Increased team velocity resulted in the team saving ~$25,000 per release cycle.  * Behaved as SME by coaching old and new team members unfamiliar with the Scrum Agile  methodology and reduced confusion by reiterating team processes. SR. BUSINESS ANALYST / PROJECT MANAGER AVELEAD - Suwanee, GA August 2017 to January 2019 * Detected cost discrepancies for a customer and implemented appropriate synchronization of compliant clinical/financial systems while saving the company ~$20 million dollars.  • Conducted post-implementation analysis to customer using PowerPoint and Excel to show data trends, validating appropriate financial revenue in each department.  • Gathered requirements from key stakeholders to understand necessary enhancements  and created an implementation plan with the development team.  * Acquired multiple Cerner hospitals by conducting demos and training sessions to demonstrate  the power of MBAT software to detect any revenue discrepancies.  * Successfully implemented a Cerner Millennium Clinical and Financial conversion for a hospital  in Alabama that has 3 facilities and 39 clinics, of which 13 were paper-based clinics.  • Reduced implementation timeline by 3 months with strategic planning, risk evaluation, and increasing functional/technical support where needed.  • Utilized Excel to create pivot tables and charts to determine which departments had the most  issues logged along with the priority and severity of the issue.  • Resolved a record of over 800 issues in 4 weeks during Go-Live by communicating  proper processes for logging and resolving issues and utilizing change control.    https://www.linkedin.com/in/UrvashiDamani/ IT Business Analyst CERNER CORPORATION August 2015 to August 2017 • Took the initiative to perform kick-off and sprint meetings and become Scrum Master on projects for the team.  • Successfully completed 95% of the projects on time through Agile Scrum methodology, SDLC, risk analysis, creating user stories, and thorough review of current and new requirements.  • Utilized JIRA to create epics, user stories and issues, plan iterations and releases.  • Thoroughly gathered, documented, managed, and tested functional requirements for Pharmacy, Core and Orders services.   • Aptly collaborated with internal and external stakeholders to identify and document functional needs.  • Trained to become a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for various solutions in Cerner Millennium.  • Implemented an HL7 Medication Dispense RESTful web service by utilizing SNOMED, RXNORM, SOAPUI, JSON, and HTTP status codes.   Education Bachelor's Skills Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, CSM, Jira, Scrum, PM, Kanban, Certified Scrum Master, PMP Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/UrvashiDamani Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Present