IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician Information Technology Professional Tulsa, OK • Detail-oriented, self-motivated in the Information Technology field having worked as an IT Asset and Configuration Management coordinator as well as End User Technical Support Specialist. Experienced in leading a team of 5 or more to reach the goals of company in various projects and implementations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician Summit Financial Group - Tulsa, OK May 2016 to July 2017 • Provided technical assistance to customers through both inbound routed calls, and Citrix service desk.  • Utilized Citrix virtual desktops  • Implemented a companywide Office 365 transition and acted as the administrator to the account  • Used remote access to perform troubleshooting with Citrix GoToAssist  • Worked with outside vendors such as AT&T and Shoretel on issues regarding phone lines and fax servers.  • Installed and maintained McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator, using it to push out Anti-virus software and audit.  • Worked to implement and develop a company specific Microsoft Dynamics CRM  • Assisted the Chief Information Officer directly, daily.  • Created and implemented processes regarding Service Desk issues to ensure better workflow. IT Coordinator of Asset and Configuration Management The Kemtah Group - Oklahoma City, OK June 2014 to May 2016 INTEGRIS HEALTH CONTRACT  • Managed a team of five or less, set expectations and provided training.  • Coordinated the integration of multiple projects and provided analyzed data. These projects included technology refresh of outdated workstations, Win 7 Migration from Win XP, McAfee Encryption implementation, EPIC and VDI implementation and more in a healthcare setting.  • Deployment and installation of IT/Healthcare related equipment including but not limited to, Barco Monitors, WOW carts, TEG machines and more.  • Compiled metrics to report the progress of projects assigned to ensure the team is meeting goals.  • Worked closely with Application Analysts as well as Clinical Imaging on software such as Agfa IMPAX, Merge Hemodynamics, and ComputerRx.  • Accomplished distribution of inventory to the correct zones and appropriate recipients by using ServiceNow as a ticketing system. Used this same ticketing system to track assets in the environment.  • Used PeopleSoft to assist hospital employees with purchasing IT-related items.  • Responsible for the daily and long-term management of technology-related hardware within a healthcare organization. This included developing and implementing processes for tracking company assets. Project Manager Seabring Marketing - Las Vegas, NV September 2012 to June 2014 • Created analytic spreadsheets to track the progress of marketing campaigns.  • Defined data requirements for database design and implement policies to better the company.  • Developed annual marketing plans that focused on meeting organizational objectives.  • Managed multiple, simultaneous project schedules, working with cross-functional team members.  • Created schedules for marketing campaigns to be released, monitored the performance based on these schedules.  • Worked with cross-functional teams using best practices in project management, utilizing change management systems, making updates and/or adjustments in strategy, scope, budget and the schedule of the project.  • Created documentation that provides guidelines in regards to maintenance tasks, policies and procedures.  • Worked in coordination with project administrator to complete projects - Served as point of contact from project initiation to completion. Education MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION SYSTEMS OKLAHOMA STATE UNIVERSITY January 2016 to Present Skills Exchange Server (2 years), Office 365 (2 years), Technical Support (4 years), Technical Writing (6 years), McAfee (4 years), Configuration Management (2 years), Asset Management (2 years), Application Support, Cerner, Epic Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information • End user support  • Advanced skills in Microsoft Office  • Office 365 System Administration  • Microsoft Dynamics 365  • Windows Server 2012  • Process Improvement and Implementation  • Microsoft Exchange  • Customer-service skills  • Service Desk Ticketing  • Technical Troubleshooting skills  • Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously  • Technical writing skills for documenting project schedules, responsibilities, and processes  • Typing skills: 125 WPM