Associate Project Manager Associate <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Associate Project Manager - AMSCAN, INC Katonah, NY Project Management  Coordinator  Data Management  Business Administration  Branding  Team Leadership    Creative business professional with the ability to handle job responsibilities associated with project management, development, and implementation. Along with a wide ranged skill set in various business aspects such as operations management/coordinating, marketing, advertising, branding, budgeting, sales, and more.  • Adept in leading both project management and team initiatives and achieving objectives.  • Technical proficiency in Excel, Power Point, Word, Google Docs, ERP systems, and various social media platforms.  • Strong multi-tasking, public speaking, problem solving, and communication (verbal and written) skills  • Intermediate skills in finance  • Eager and dedicated to learn  • Team oriented and individually competitive Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Project Manager AMSCAN, INC September 2016 to Present • Maintain responsibility for completing multiple deadline-driven projects while attaining goals.  • Development and implementation of various projects and item programs.  • Handle data management and business administration initiatives.  • Implement various tools/operations to ensure optimal efficiency in day to day and long term processes.  • Execute item management & maintenance including set-up through delivery for seasonal/everyday items.  • Ensure data integrity while working with over 2,000 individual items between a plethora of programs.  • Develop accurate and reliable reports that aid in business decision-making.  Advanced understanding and daily use of ERP Systems. Information Technology Help Desk & IT Coordinator Lasell College 2015 to 2016 • Delivered superior level of customer service to Lasell and Pine Manor students and faculty members, Lasell Village residents, and guests of the college.  • Charged with accountability for providing first tier assistance with technical issues stemming from the Internet connection, email, printing, and various technology complications.  • Researched and resolved multiple technology issues, handled troubleshooting, and managed problem resolution tasks. IT Help Desk phone line and faculty members Enterprise Rent-A-Car 2014 to 2015 Internship Program Enterprise  • Worked on acquiring new corporate leads to establish a relationship to fulfill rental needs with hotel chains and various local businesses.  • Played a key leadership/managerial role in the office proficiently in times where we were understaffed and/or management was completely absent and trusted in the internship role to open up/close down the office.  • Participated in Enterprise Rent-A-Car internship training sessions & passed the Internship Final Exam.  • Excelled in multi-tasking and problem solving skills in a hectic sales environment.  • Provided customer service involving rental reservations, handling incoming calls, promptly picking customers up and deciphering their rental needs using professional communication tools.  • Developed sale skills by being knowledgeable about the rental vehicles, understanding a customer's needs/standards, and by providing people with an articulated pitch as to why it is in their benefit to pay to protect the vehicle. Education Bachelor of Arts in Business Management & Communications in Business Management & Communications LASELL COLLEGE September 2012 to May 2016 Skills Process Improvement, ERP (2 years), Excel (4 years) Additional Information • Awarded Dean's List Each College Semester  • Coordinator/Key Participant of several Connected Learning Symposiums for Lasell College