Software Test Engineer/DevOps Engineer Software Test Engineer/DevOps Engineer Software Engineer - Beast Code Navarre, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Test Engineer/DevOps Engineer Beast Code - Fort Walton Beach, FL September 2017 to Present • Contributed to an open source Modeling and Simulation framework used to conduct susceptibility/recoverability analysis, data visualization as well as fulfilling training requirements for the Navy.  • Responsible for writing front-end automated test scripts in Python  • Identified and tracked defects with JIRA and supported developers in resolving problems by completing additional tests.  • Created accurate and efficient test scripts in Selenium to manage automated testing of certain products and features.  • Collaborated with developers and product owners to stay current on product features and intended functionality.  • Wrote and optimized test cases to maximize success of manual software testing with consistent, thorough approaches.  • Reviewed requirements, specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback.  • Assessed software bugs and compiled findings along with resolution techniques in documentation to disseminate to Product Owners.  • Gathered data on integration issues and vulnerabilities and reported all findings to Product Owners and stakeholders with improvement recommendations.  • Operated under Agile and Scrum frameworks to complete releases every quarter and well-organized sprints.  • Tracked, prioritized and organized defects with JIRA and Confluence, working with development team to facilitate timely corrections. Project Manager Beast Code - Fort Walton Beach, FL July 2018 to June 2019 • Lead the testing team  • Responsible for writing front-end automated test scripts (Python)  • Maintained descriptive and concise product backlog items/issues related to application in JIRA  • Wrote Windows PowerShell scripts to assist with process improvements  • Took full responsibility for the project's success  • Resource planning and management  • Defining the scope of testing within context of each release/delivery  • Resolve issues that impede testing efforts  • Assist and document customer reported issues  • Prioritize backlog items for resolution in each release/delivery  • Communicate with Product Owners to ensure deliverable items are being addressed  • Assist in testing of hardware, servers and user management software  • Maintaining backlog of interdepartmental requests and features for process improvement  • Maintaining application user manuals and installation specification documents for each release/delivery IT Recruiter TEKsystems Inc - Destin, FL August 2016 to September 2017 • Recruited Software Engineers, QA Testers, Database Administrators and Cybersecurity personnel  • Evaluated strengths and weaknesses of candidates through effective screening processes.  • Worked with recruiting teams and human resources representatives to accomplish hiring objectives.  • Screened all applicants based on qualifications and background to meet and exceed rigorous standards.  • Followed up with notable applicants sourced via pipelines, events and job fairs.  • Developed targeted strategies to locate and onboard specific candidate types, meeting short- and long-term business objectives.  • Reached out to new hires to check for issues and welcome to company.  • Arranged advanced interviews between prospective employers and job candidates.  • Discussed contracts and compensation with new hires.  • Hired employees and initiated new hire paperwork process.  • Established reputation among leading IT organizations for possessing extensive candidate network and successful placement of IT specialists. Technical Recruiter Absolute Consulting - Navarre, FL April 2015 to July 2016 • Evaluated technical knowledge and skills of each candidate against client requirements.  • Support sales efforts by screening, identifying, recruiting and notifying potential candidates of staffing positions.  • Conduct effective database searches, using software programs, to proactively identify and evaluate qualified candidates for job opportunities identified by business development directors and others  • Develop and implement creative sourcing strategies  • Maximize effective resourcing methods while maintaining cost control  • Contact potential candidates(via telephone, email, etc.) to determine suitability and availability for positions  • Negotiate wage rates and other terms and conditions of employment with candidates, and gain commitment from candidates for current and future job requirements.  • Maintain relationships with existing and potential field professionals to provide customer service, gain industry knowledge, get referrals and generate leads  • Facilitate internal client and candidate management and respond to request from business development  • Directors and others related to job status and other related work priorities.  • Referred candidate resumes to customer account managers for evaluation and submission.  • Coordinated with IT team leaders to forecast hiring needs and department goals. Education Bachelor of Arts in English Florida State University - Tallahassee, FL 2013 Skills Javascript, HTML 5, CSS, Git, Python, Powershell, Swift 4.0, Visual Studio, C++, HTML 5, Jira, Jenkins, Confluence, Quality Assurance, Selenium, QA, API, Automate, C# Certifications/Licenses Secret Security Clearance January 2019 to January 2024