Information Technology Specialist Information Technology Specialist Project Coordinator - A.I. Enterprise Solutions (Contract) Berkeley, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Specialist Sutter Health - Oakland, CA January 2019 to April 2019 • Assisted the assigned project lead to develop, maintain, and project manage aspects of a given project.  • Prepared Project Plans, risk assessments, review of materials, and other project documentation as required.  • Tracked and documented Issues, Risk, and Project Scope Change Management processes  • Assisted in project documentation management and status reporting  • Ensured that workspace remained available and all team members were given appropriate levels of access  • Prepareed agendas, and took as well as distributed meeting minutes Project Coordinator - A.I. Enterprise Solutions (Contract) Wells Fargo - San Francisco, CA October 2017 to March 2018 * Support the Enterprise Artificial Intelligence Solutions team programs and ensure project efficiency and communication across organizations and teams.  * Organized and managed documentation, project updates and action items within SharePoint.  * Be an execution partner for the program management team by driving projects forward, creating and managing schedule for reviews, assessing risks, monitoring tasks.  * Develop and maintain project schedules and decks with the input and assistance of AI Initiative Leads.  * Facilitate team meetings, providing meeting minutes and action items where needed.  * Support project and program managers with all project communications to core team, management and external partners. Ensures communications are timely, clear and present the correct level of information.  * Build strong communication channels with internal stakeholders in various departments.  * Track tasks assigned to the project team and prepare regular status reports.  * Performed administrative duties as required. Business Analyst - Global Mobility (Contract) Salesforce - San Francisco, CA June 2017 to October 2017 * Assisted with system clean up, including the creation and documentation of new mobility tracking and support processes.  * Created and maintained mobility logs, including issue trackers and projects.  * Monitored the mobility queue & assigned cases to business users.  * Supported corporate relocations and visa/immigration services in over 70 international locations.  * Conducted research and prepared country/locations reports as directed. Answered ad-hoc information requests of clients as directed.  * Populated Daily MOVE Guides, Talentforce, and Workday reports to assist in candidate relocations  * Coordinated communication flow between client and Salesforce's network and global partner firms.  * Ran daily and weekly reports for Vendor Managers and global partners.  * Updated and maintained data within internal systems.  * Handled confidential documents with utmost discretion.  * Performed administrative duties as required. Product Extension Intern - Predix Applications Engineering GE Digital - San Ramon, CA August 2016 to January 2017 * Track team achievements and certifications by monitoring which employees are scheduled to take Predix certification exam, record test results, and notify various team managers while collaborating cross-functionally with six different teams to support various projects as needed.  * Support business management and technology teams through scheduling meetings and learning sessions for over 70 software developers in the Predix Cloud to create opportunities for employees to gain Predix training.  * Ensure product development process abides by all defined cross-disciplined standards, meets the intent and letter of Phased Review Discipline and all compliance and regulatory needs of the applicable markets.  * Maximize the client experience, delivering GE's customer-facing tools, web, and mobile interactions, as well as partnering on the internal-facing technology tools that marketers use to engage potential customers.    * Increase recruitment efficiency by collaborating with development teams to load candidate information into the Confluence base, track candidate interview status, and obtain candidate notes from hiring managers to ensure all qualified candidates are saved in the database.    * Convert business needs into functional specifications through the facilitation of bi-weekly PEEK (Product Extension Education Knowledge) sessions involving the scheduling of training, securing instructors, agenda creations, invitations, and film sessions via Panopto to share Predix software knowledge across GE network.  * Improve and streamline the weekly onboarding process by mapping seating charts, scheduling initial meetings, and reporting updates to the Operations and Software Engineering Directors. IT and Project Management Trainee Year Up - San Francisco, CA March 2016 to January 2017 * Awarded the Honorable Mention for Elevator Pitch for the creation of professional compositions and presentations.  * Maintain active directory and imaging computers; develop tools in HTML, CSS and JavaScript; troubleshoot operating systems and assemble computers.  * Deliver the highest degree of professionalism as a member of Toast Masters and the Student Outreach Committee.  * Produce weekly informative and detailed meeting minutes with exposure to data analytics. Marketing & Merchandise Manager (Contract) Samsung Inc - San Francisco, CA December 2014 to December 2015 * Verified the compliance of training and event programs by sales personnel at Samsung and Third-Party resellers.  * Trained and developed 60+ sales representatives and merchandisers as assigned, monitoring performance to maximize productivity.    * Penetrated new territories and managed areas to continuously grow Samsung's sales, share, and distribution by calling on new and existing wholesale, chain and retail accounts.    * Executed retail and wholesale promotional support activities that built brand awareness of Samsung products with current and prospective customers by performing in-store merchandising.  * Maximized distribution and retail exposure of Samsung products by certifying stores were fully stocked  * Executed a strategic sales plan and clearly communicated all sales and marketing plans to management and sales associates.  * Managed program plans and schedules that ensured successful implementation and ongoing maintenance of projects/programs. Education Certificate in Information Technology Foothill College - San Francisco, CA February 2017 Bachelor of Arts in Communications San Francisco State University - San Francisco, CA 2014 Skills TRAINING (1 year), PROJECT MANAGEMENT (1 year), AND MARKETING (1 year), MARKETING (1 year), SALES (1 year), Excel, Sharepoint, Outlook, Administrative Assistant, Filing Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/chipembasalimu Additional Information Analytical Skills • Technical Skills • Communication    An adaptable, detail-oriented IT and Marketing professional highly regarded for delivering quality results across numerous industries. Proven technical, interpersonal communication, and training skills with the ability to perform under pressure and meet stringent deadlines while collaborating with diverse team members. Possess strong analytical, organizational and project management skills. Utilize excellent written and verbal communication skills to always deliver high-profile projects on time while exceeding expectations.    Core Competencies  * Product and Project Management * Scheduling and Planning * Problem Solving  * Database Management * Team Training and Development * Technical Skills  * IT/Software Support * Compose/Execute Presentations * Sales Strategies  * Marketing/Merchandise Management * Customer Service * Communication    Technical Skills  Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and PowerPoint) / Software: Salesforce / SharePoint / Jira / iWork / Adobe Light Room / Adobe Photoshop / HTML / CSS / Windows 7 / Mac OS X / Hardware: Image MacBooks / Image PCs / Troubleshoot Laptops, Mobile Devices / and Project Coordination Tools: MS Excel / Confluence / Box / V-Look Up