IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Plainsboro, NJ I have good technical, financial and organizational skills. I am able to work in a fast paced environment with professionalism and tact. I am familiar with the requirements for success, and I believe that I possess the experience to accomplish any task. In all my work, I take pride in maintaining a high level of professionalism and attention to detail. My background has included a multitude of responsibilities, & the resume can only begin to describe the contributions I can provide for your company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager CIT BANK - Livingston, NJ April 2019 to Present • Direct the project involving multiple countries, divisions, business units, and/or cross- functional areas.  • Directly manage all aspects of the project lifecycle and work with IT partners to oversee all phases of a  project.  • Manage scope to ensure commitments are achieved within agreed on time, cost, and quality parameters.  • Validate financial forecasts and provides on-going reconciliation of resources and other related project expenditures  • Develop communication plans and interfaces to execute on responsibilities andensures  that assigned communication resources are working optimally and timely.  • Serve as a subject matter expert in routinely briefing key stakeholders on different aspects of assigned project, this includes presenting bi-weekly status updates to IT Business Partner Executives  • Represent the project in various project governance and inter-department forums.  • Chair weekly core team and monthly operating committee meetings to review progress with key stakeholders. Responsible for stakeholder management.  • Define and tracks project milestones while developing, maintaining, and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan.  • Define project scope, goals and deliverable that support project goals in collaboration with project owner and stakeholders.  • Develop the integrated project plan / sprint plan, resource plan, risk management plan, and other related project management plans.  • Publishes periodic project status reports.  • Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.  • Manage compliance to standards, rules and regulations.       IT Project Manager Infrastructure GPMO Microsoft Teams - Whitehouse Station, NJ May 2018 to November 2018 Maintained IT Infrastructure GPMO department structure to ensure project  delivery aligns with Infrastructure GPMO standards and goals. Provided project  management support for implementing applications like- Microsoft Teams, Cisco  Webex, SharePoint and OneDrive involving multiple functional areas and have  significant impacts to business productivity and operations.  Developed "Go live" strategy for the roll out of Cisco Webex and Microsoft  Teams.  Worked under the guidance of VP and AVP to monitor and control global projects  encompassing technology, business process, and resource transformations projects.  Spearheaded PMO efforts; administration of governance, training global and regional teams, advising project/program managers to ensure adherence to the  project delivery framework. Provided overall visibility through status tracking and dashboards presentations.  Planned and arranged meetings with external organizations and individuals,  enabling all parties to meet and discuss project progress.  Coordinated successful completion of implementation projects through meetings,  developing strategies, and ensuring resources are provided to see projects through from start through completion.  Resolved administrative problems by coordinating preparation of reports,  analyzing data, and identifying solutions.  Initiated process improvement to increase department efficiency and accuracy.    Dealt with confidential information and/or issues using discretion and judgment.  Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. IT Project Manager NA OFFICE - Whitehouse Station, NJ May 2017 to September 2017 Maintained project quality with a hands-on management style.  Supported general operations for the Commercial and Specialty Insurance PMO.  Created workflows and SharePoint forms to support the department Statement Of  Work process.  Participated, & lead the implementation the roll-out and embedding of project  standards and processes related to a.o. project planning, product generation  process, effective decision making, reporting, change control, risk management and quality  Managed and implemented improvement projects aligned with program needs in  line with PMO vision.  Acted as an aid during the financial forecasting (budget) process and proactively  assisted regular financial management and reporting.  Managed a complex organizational environment.  Reviewed vendor contracts and obtained executed contracts.  Aided to publish reports and metrics as required by the vendor management office.  Assessed vendor services for compliance with company policies.  Directed initiatives to automate vendor data and maintain controls to smooth  validation and acceptance processes.  Strengthened vendor relationships and enhanced revenue streams by applying  business development opportunities. IT Project Manager Enterprise Architect Office Educational Testing Service - Princeton, NJ May 2016 to December 2016 • Responsible for managing, tracking, and reporting on multiple simultaneous data hub projects.   • Managed project/ program timeline, including ongoing updates to the integrated project schedule.  • Collected, reviewed, and delivered program status reports to senior management.  • Lead cross-functional team meetings- fostering teamwork, driving escalation and resolution of issues.   • Supported Chief Operating Officer with daily operational functions.  • Microsoft Enterprise Mobility Stack.  • Implemented security policies to support Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) strategy.  • Azure Active Directory- Manage Identity Access management of Azure Subscriptions, Azure AD, Azure AD Application Proxy, Azure AD Connect, Azure AD Pass through Authentication.  • Provided guidance in the planning, gathering requirements, recommendations, and implementation of data migration to Office 365, and configuration best practices  • Successfully established and tested Azure AD Tenant for production. Provided technical direction to allow Active Directory on-prem group to populate users  • Experience in Syncing the Objects Users, Groups, Workstation from active directory to azure active directory.  • Created the User Accounts and Profiles, assigned permissions using Active Directory.  • Administered the Group Policy to automatically upgrade and repair software installations IT Project Lead University medical center of Penn - Plainsboro, NJ January 2013 to July 2015 • Provided technology leadership in the planning and strategy of architecture, deployment, security, management, technology oversight and operation of essential IT operations/infrastructure including: network infrastructure, storage, servers, database, cloud computing, data center operations, disaster recovery, security, telecommunications, IT process optimization, governance and risk management.  • Provided technology expertise and oversight on design, development and implementation of strategic programs and projects.  • Delivered artifacts, technical analysis documents and architectural designs that met business requirements; oversaw design reviews and frameworks  • Stayed up to date on emerging technologies/solution trends and contributed to IT Solution Architecture  strategy development.  • Built application platform foundation to support migration from client-server product lines to enterprise architectures and services.  • Designed SharePoint master page and page layouts, serving as company's main SharePoint support for all technical complications. Education Bachelor's in Computer Engineering Technology New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ January 2013 to December 2018 Skills Project Management, PM Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/smahmed2