IT Resource Manager - Portfolio Management <span class="hl">IT</span> Resource <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Portfolio Management Experienced Project Analyst/ Manager Angier, NC Initiative-taking professional with 10+ years' experience in the Project Management industry which includes Medical Device (Radiography), Healthcare Payer, Pharmacovigilance (CRO), Banking/Finance and Consumer Product Goods by supporting and managing projects through full project cycle Work Experience IT Resource Manager - Portfolio Management Clorox for the Technology Business Office - Durham, NC November 2018 to Present Contractor)  Capacity and Resource planning for the IT department at Clorox for the Technology Business Office. Capacity Planning for Demand Shaping and Project Sizing for new work, change requests and Idea shaping. Portfolio process documenting and publishing on IT SharePoint page. Cross functional assignment or all projects or shaped idea (pre- projects). Collaborated with cross functional teams within IT for current and upcoming requirements needs. Created skill inventory searchable database for current and future project/program capacity planning. Lead Sr IT Project Analyst/ Project Manager The Clorox Co - Durham, NC February 2018 to November 2018 Contractor)  Lead program support in the Project Management Office at The Clorox Co. Primary Governance Lead for project lifecycle gate reviews. Created program dashboards and status reports for projects and the roll up to each project that reported out to Senior Management. Scheduled and led daily/weekly project meetings with team members, management, stakeholders and sponsors. Tracked projects risks/issues and gaps. Primary for Project/Program financials and budget management. Maintained project plans. Primary documentation process steward for SDLC which included Project gate readiness and review and auditing. Project Manager for multiple Spend-Only and small and Medium sized 3rd party projects. Assigned and managed UAT tickets in JIRA for actions and monitor timely closures. Sr IT Project Coordinator NTT Data INC - Durham, NC February 2017 to February 2018 Contractor)  Provided support on the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina PMO Enterprise Financial Planning & Analysis Office. Tracked project budgets produced Governance Authorization Letters after E3C (Steering) Council meetings for next project phase advancement. Worked with Project managers on Plainview reporting for vendors, FTE and shared resources estimates for upcoming gate reviews. Tracked project cycles / stages from Discovery-> Solution Scoping-> Delivery-> Warranty to project closeout. Tracked project status reports for both the Enterprise and Fast Track projects Sr IT Project Analyst II NTT Data INC - Raleigh, NC November 2015 to November 2016 Contractor)  Provided data analyst and financial project support on multiple Ever greening Portfolios at BB&T bank. Work closely with Test Managers and the IT Support teams on analyzing legacy platform applications to determine which applications to be grouped and validated to move to the new F5 platform. Tracked the project delivery, exceptions, constraints and work arounds. Generated reports to support the business to include, utilization, project status, project estimates vs actuals, resource requests for clarity, determined at-risk and resource allocation decisions. Maintained the Project Cost Workbooks across multiple projects. Reconciled invoices with Ariba with CA PPM (Clarity) reports to determine project cost spend for the month. Monitored project budgets and reviewed project expenses to determine whether allocated funds/hours are spent as specified. Completed project cost analysis on a weekly and monthly basis for each project. Worked with PMO Support Office to prepare budgets and cost application for latest business development. Communicated regularly with the management team to keep them well informed of project status. Worked closely with Project Manager, Executive team, the LOB, and vendors throughout the entire project gates. Maintained project documents in MS SharePoint. Performed other duties as assigned by the Sr. Project Management team. Senior IT Project Coordinator NTT Data INC - Durham, NC September 2013 to October 2015 Contractor)  Provided support on the Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina UNCTION program for both Agile and Waterfall teams. Facilitated budget and finance activities with stakeholders. Assisted with product backlog and tracked action items projects. Primary project manager for the project's resource allocation tool, Plainview Enterprise for seven different project teams. Managed contractors and vendor allocation resources and managed the 4.3-million-dollar budget. Maintained the agile team's velocity and burn down charts. Prioritize and maintain the IRAD log and communicated issues, risks, and downstream impacts in weekly project collaboration meetings, along with capturing recommendations for possible solutions. Documented current processes to begin process improvements through discussions within the teams and internal customers for efficiency. Facilitated change control triage in preparation of change request. Updated velocity charts in sprint planning. Updated the velocity charts in sprint planning all project members with deadline information and ensure that projects are completed within allocated deadlines. Worked closely with the Workplace Resource team by closely managing assigned floor plans for allocated resources for the Information Delivery and Information and Analytics Management teams. Safety Administrator III PPD INC - Morrisville, NC October 2011 to September 2013 Coordinated and performed Safety Adverse Events and Adverse Events reconciliation triage in both PPD internal and client databases. Primarily responsible for Document and Record Control processes. Good working knowledge GCP/ICH Guidelines and FDA regulations. Quality review of cases entered for consistency and accuracy. Follow up with the incident reporter and/or associated Health Care Professional. Reviewed and assigned tickets in JIRA. Coded adverse events and assisted with study narratives according to client standards. Assisted with preparation and review of regulatory reports. Review literature articles/abstracts and processed Adverse Event reports from those artifacts per program and regulatory requirements. Maintain knowledge and understanding of PPD and client-provided SOPs and current regulations. Installation/Modification Project Manager Siemens Healthcare - Cary, NC August 2007 to September 2011 Project manager for mechanical installations and Software deployment of major radiology equipment. Managed field service resources for Angiography and Oncology modalities. Maintained installation project plan for equipment shipping from the factory to mechanical installations, testing to delivery. Responsible for FDA readiness reports for unit fitness. Ensured the proper SAP Incidents were created for customer reported mechanical fails during factory warranty period in both US and German SAP systems.. Ensured that the proper resource allocations for the Installation were assigned and triaged based on location and availability for unit fails. Tracked and reported weekly readiness status reports to stakeholders. Identified Factory suggested updates and deployed resources and software to units. Responsible suppling engineers were with all of the necessary tools/ equipment including building specs, project forms, sales configurations via Salesforce, divert documents, license files, helium requirements (if needed) and test equipment from the depot. Education None in Business Administration Saint Augustine's University - Raleigh, NC August 1989 to December 1991 Skills PMP CERTIFICATION, PMP, JIRA, ARIBA, MS PROJECT, DATA ANALYST, RATIONAL, SDLC, CRM, SAP, ITIL, VISIO, PLANVIEW, FINANCIAL ANALYST, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, GOVERNANCE, PROJECT SCHEDULING, SCHEDULING, MICROSOFT OFFICE, CLIENT MANAGEMENT Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/dione-washington-344b5550 Additional Information PROFESSIONAL SKILLS  Certified Scrum Master  / Project Scheduling / Capacity and Resource Planning / SAP / ARIBA  / Vendor Management / Agile / Client Management / Planview PVE / Project Cost Workbooks / G-Suite / Project Financial Analyst / Data Analyst / Microsoft Office including MS Project and Visio / IBM Rational Tools- RRC/RTC / APPTIO /  Salesforce/ JIRA / CA Clarity / ServiceNOW / ITIL V3 / SDLC Knowledge and Governance / PMP Certification Class (Certification expect September 2019- 35 Contact hours) 