Sr. Project Manager/ IT Consultant Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/ <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Sr. Project Manager/ IT Consultant - Rackspace/Aditi San Antonio, TX Leadership Project Management Operations Management  Agile SDLC Information Systems Release Management  Data Centre Migration Process Improvement MS Project Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. Project Manager/ IT Consultant Rackspace/Aditi - San Antonio, TX 2018 to Present • Managed multiple projects for the Project Management Office.  • Managed a Data Protection project to collect information pertaining data usage and data vulnerabilities and regulation adherence across all 590+ active applications at Rackspace under the direction of the VP of compliance.  • Managed an Oracle Localization project to comply with SAT Legal regulations in Mexico. Project delivered the following reports to our client: chart of accounts, trial balance and journal details in EBS. Sr. Project Manager/ IT Consultant Andeavor/Apex - San Antonio, TX 2017 to 2017 • Managed multiple projects for the Transformation Management Office under direction of the Director.  • Managed a $20 Million Data Center migration for Andeavor (formerly Tesoro).  ? Provided support for migration of all internet services from the Schertz data center to a new cloud enabled data center in Tulsa. Managed internet migration of internet services to the Disaster Recovery data center in Alpharetta.  ? Managed reconfiguration of SD WAN, WAN, routers, firewalls, switches in order to decommission the Schertz data center for Andeavor.  • Managed a $ 3 Million Legacy SAP Lift & Shift project ? Migrated approx. 130 systems from the Schertz Data Center to the Tulsa Data Center • Extensive client relationship management internally to multiple business lines such as Refineries and Retail Stores.  • Vendor management and stakeholder management ? RESULTS: Delivered data center migration on time, and significantly decreased circuit outages in Andeavor's network; zero P1 outages for Network after the last major change on December 2017.  ? Legacy SAP Lift and Shift on time completion provided savings of $600k to the IT Department. Sr. Project Manager/ IT Consultant AT&T/Insight Global - San Antonio, TX 2016 to 2017 • Provided support to AT&Ts Business Fiber unit as a Software Development Project Manager.  • Provided continuous support to ABF's PMO as well as continued engagement with governance and release management offices.  • Managed cross functional teams in the design, development, test, and deployment of software products and services to the production environment within AT&T.  • Performed as the lead in client relationships as well as project risks.  • Managed an average of $4 M in multiple projects simultaneously.  • Client Relationship Management to sponsor organization(s) for the project.  ? RESULTS: Delivered projects to client satisfaction on time and on budget. Senior Project Manager Amdocs Inc - San Antonio, TX 2013 to 2016 • Continued to provide support to the IT department of AT&T and to Amdocs PMO in the role of Sr. Project Manager.  • Managed cross functional teams in the design, development, test, and deployment of software products and services to the production environment within AT&T.  • Performed as the lead in client relationships as well as project risks.  • Served as a SME for our Amdocs team and mentored junior project managers in our methods and procedures such as Agile, CR creation and ITUP process.  • As an Amdocs employee working on the AT&T account we had to continuously provide client facing relationship and support as well as project support to meet clients needs and meet desired goals.  ? RESULTS: Met all significant metrics for our team at Amdocs and all SQA Audits were 100%. Senior Project Manager/ Program Manager AT&T - San Antonio, TX 2010 to 2013 Led all aspects of medium to large software projects in the IT department of AT&T. Provided extensive support to AT&Ts PMO as a Sr. Project Manager and supported client organizations in the delivery of Software Solutions.  Responsible for acquiring cross functional teams and assemble them in order to provide a comprehensive solution to the client. Managed client satisfaction by ensuring business requirements were successfully translated to systems requirements and then to a usable asset in "production" in accordance with the software development lifecycle. Ensured requirements, code and testing were completed within the project timeline in order to meet the "targeted" release date. Managed project risks and escalations/jeopardies to successful resolution. Managed project budget and expenses to within client expectations.  Responsible in providing client satisfaction.  • Led cross functional teams of IT professionals in the development of Software solutions for Wireline and Mobility applications across a large scale infrastructure of several billion dollars.  ? RESULTS: Met expectations from all clients resulting in client satisfaction survey average of 4.9 on a scale of 5. Delivered solutions on target and within budget guidelines for all projects.  • Provided IT and ITO solutions designed to meet business objectives for infrastructure requests as well as software development projects in the Mobility & Home Solutions organization from implementation to financial management. Managed medium to large projects totaling more than $25 MM.  ? RESULTS: Met expectations from all clients and delivered solutions well ahead of expected deadlines in ITO and met all Release Targets in IT. Project Manager Infrastructure AT&T 2008 to 2010 • Served as project lead in the ITO department of AT&T.  ? Led the procurement of application teams and the setup of weekly call to drive project to completion. Monitored and oversaw the project budget to meet client satisfaction.  ? Performed as the single point of contact for the client and managed to satisfaction in the timely completion of deliverables and timeline. Created and oversaw the overall project timeline. Managed risks and was the lead in bringing to resolution.  • Led teams of ITO professionals in the consultation, design, build, and deployment of more than 26 Midrange Production Servers as well as 2 Call Center Switch upgrades in conjunction with Avaya.  ? RESULTS: Business continuity for application groups. Call Center streamlined operations resulting in AT&T's higher customer satisfaction.  • Provided ITO solutions designed to meet business objectives for infrastructure requests in the Mobility & Home Solutions organization from implementation to financial management. Managed medium to large projects totaling more than $10 MM.  ? RESULTS: Met expectations from all clients and delivered solutions well ahead of expected deadlines in ITO and met all Release Targets in IT. System Administrator AT&T 2000 to 2008 • Performed daily monitoring of complex operating systems for 30 servers in a $60 billion communications services company. Executed migrations on two Terabytes of data on a production database from an EMC array of drives to a new HDS array. New procedure demanded error-free implementation. Developed extremely tight project timelines to accommodate restricted application schedules. RESULTS: The project was completed on time with no negative impact on internal customers.  • Delivered Tier 3 support for three directors' teams, supporting 1200 systems. Provided assistance to Tier 2 system administrators on technical issues. Coordinated with diverse client application groups and utilized advanced technical skills to resolve problems. RESULTS: Ensured smooth operation of sophisticated systems that facilitated work efforts of mission critical application groups throughout the organization • Conducted training for Tier 1 regional operations control center support in a procedural restructuring of operations for 80 employees of a high profile company. RESULTS: Significant reduction in training costs by providing in-house technical training expertise. Well-trained staff was able to provide appropriate support and increase productivity. Field Applications Engineer Bager Electronics - Orange County, CA, US 1999 to 1999 University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA 1996 to 1998 University of West Florida - Pensacola, FL 1993 to 1996 Director of Operations Aire Purificado - Mexico City, MX 1989 to 1992 MX   • Led all operations of a start-up air purification systems company. Developed operating processes and procedures. Selected, purchased, and installed the corporate computer system. Trained staff of three on all programs. Devised and maintained inventory databases to track equipment and products. Conceived a new service offering, persuaded the Board to approve, and set up the program. Trained the sales force on all technical aspects of the products.  ? RESULTS: Company sales grew 100% by the second year in business. New service was implemented in 80% of the customer accounts the first year, representing 50% of total revenue. Within three years, this service became the company's main source of revenue.  • Hired, trained, and managed the technical staff in the installation and repair of all air cleaning systems sold. Ensured focus on quality service delivery.  ? Solely responsible for all client satisfaction and client relationships as related to customer service, troubleshooting and any service repair to equipment.  ? RESULTS: Facilitated a 90% client retention rate for the maintenance service, generating a constant flow of revenue.  • Led sales meetings in a technical consultant role. Meeting often involved senior level management of client companies. Provided solutions to clients and followed through to proposal.  ? RESULTS: Generated 20% of all sales for Aire Purificado, S.A. de C.V. Education M.S. in Electrical Engineering University of Southern California - Los Angeles, CA M.S. in Mathematics University of West Florida - Pensacola, FL Institut Inlingua - Paris, FR Oak Language Centre - Dublin Skills Microsoft Project (10+ years), Visio (2 years), ServiceNow (2 years), Program Management (10+ years), Object Oriented Design (Less than 1 year), Project Management (10+ years), JIRA (2 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/miguelbelmar Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) August 2016 to August 2019 1958837