Program Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager - TIAA Chicago, IL A reliable, hard-working, results oriented IT professional, who has the ability to adapt to new and difficult situations quickly while taking complete ownership of whatever is assigned. A person with excellent listening skills, who is very comfortable interacting with all levels of an organization providing transparency into the status and performance of any work assigned. A manager with extensive experience leading and being part of teams who are remote, international, or on-site. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Program Manager TIAA - Chicago, IL January 2019 to Present Independent Consultant representing Accrue Partners charged with managing a large scale, multi-million dollar infrastructure program with the strategic goal of integrating an acquisition into enterprise IT. Had total ownership of the assigned program which included all aspects of the Support & Monitoring Program from both a technical and functional perspective with the goal of making the customer experience better.  • Currently managing the integration of a large scale acquisition. Projects include Level 1 Support (Service Desk), Level 2 - Desk Side/Field Services Support, ServiceNow/Ivanti Integration, CMDB Integration, Infrastructure Change Management Integration, Incident & NOC/OCC Integration and Problem Management Integration.  • Helped create an environment that is bringing two companies together to create one cohesive IT organization using honesty and integrity as the foundation of all communications.  • Partnered with the project teams to create a plan that included estimating time, budget, and tasks on all projects within the program and report status and findings to the leadership team.  • Responsible for all financial tracking within the program a +-2% variance requirement using Clarity as the PPM tool.  • Managed various technical projects outside of the program that helped integrate associates from the enterprise and acquired company from an applications perspective using network integration, VDIs, or 3rd party applications. Service Delivery Manager T-Systems North America - Downers Grove, IL September 2012 to December 2018 Full-time position with the primary responsibility to partner with international clients on various programs and technical projects in their US, Canada, Latin American divisions. Had multiple clients in various industries including automotive manufacturing, cellular communications, pharmaceutical, and other conglomerates. Also assigned various internal projects for senior management in all facets of the business.  • Service Delivery/Operations Management - Built solid relationships with technical staff, end-users, and mid to senior level management to help define solutions by being honest, straight-forward, and acting with integrity in all aspects of communications.  • Management - Managed key performance indicators (KPIs) for T-Systems NA Service Desk, Field Services, and Network/Telecommunications. Responsible for workload, finances and customer satisfaction.  • Program/ Project Management - Managed programs and projects for various international clients which included VDI/VDA Implementation, Shift Left Service Desk Implementation, End-User Field Services improvement, PC Rollout improvement/upgrades, IT Inventory Management and Wide Area Network Implementation. Responsible for all facets of the client engagement including technical staff, finances, quote management, vendor management, and procurement management.  • Field-Service Implementation - Led the transition and implementation of multiple North American Field Services contracts. Completely owned the transition of all break/fix, rollout teams and field services staff to T-Systems. Helped improve processes within our teams making our SLAs easily obtainable. Developed scorecards, training standards, and communications standards to improve customer service from a quantitative and qualitative approach. Technical Project Manager JPMorgan Chase & Company - Chicago, IL May 2012 to August 2012 Independent consultant for two projects that helped integrate technologies and strengthened communication between divisional IT and corporate IT.  • Virtual Desktop Implementation - Managed the divisional implementation of the Citrix XenDesktop environment for their IT and Customer Service groups consisting of approximately 1500 end-users in the Chicago office.  • Program Documentation - Created dashboards to communicate current status, goals for the upcoming fiscal year, and also documented current issues with open projects. Interviewed all resource managers and PMS which was communicated to corporate IT. Project Manager DeVry Inc August 2007 to March 2012 Full-time position who was responsible for the relationships of the client, vendors and technical staff in a wide variety of technical projects in virtual, cloud, and server environments. Mentored new staff and trained them in our specialized processes. Developed and managed time lines, resources, requirements, and milestones for the Electronics, Electrical Engineering, Networking, and Game and Simulation programs for a student base of approximately 12,000 ground-based and online students. Also had ownership of the following corporate projects:  • Virtual Environment Integration - Managed the solution that combined two different Citrix server farms consisting of a total of over 100 servers into one virtualized farm.  • Content Authoring System Implementation - Managed the requirements gathering, POC (Proof of Concept), and Prototyping phases of this high-profile, content management system project.  • SQL Server Implementation - Implemented a centralized technology environment, for both ground-based and online students who gained valuable hands-on experience with SQL Server and Business Intelligence tools.  • SCCM (System Center Configuration Manager) - Managed the project team that designed, developed, and implemented SCCM across the enterprise.  • MDA (Microsoft Direct Access) Implementation - Managed the project team that designed, developed, and implemented MDA across the enterprise.  • Laptop Upgrade - Managed the project team that manually upgraded or installed new equipment consisting of approximately 3,700 machines across all campuses and administrative offices enterprise-wide.  • Cisco Academy Upgrade and Expansion - Managed the technical implementation of the national Cisco labs implementation that supported approximately 2,500 ground-based and online students. IT Project Coordinator JUF/JFMC - Chicago, IL August 2004 to November 2006 Full-time position responsible for multiple projects in this highly Microsoft focused environment. Built strong client relationships and brought trust back to IT. Worked with internal staff and external partners on a wide variety of projects including:  • Network Upgrade and Expansion - Managed various projects that implemented networks at new and upgraded locations containing five to fifty or more end-users.  • Biometrics Installation - Managed the technical implementation to create a more secure integrated physical environment at over twenty locations using the existing WAN infrastructure.  • Copier Implementation - Implemented a high volume, all-in-one copier solution at over twenty Chicago locations. Worked directly with each location to insure their needs were met while also staying focused on the corporate directives.  • Corporate Data Center Move - Worked with clients, internal technical staff, and network engineers to help plan and organize parts of this successful move.  • Security Audits - Worked with security consultants to audit potential vendors. Reviewed documentation with consultants and presented to management.  • Blackberry Implementation - Responsible for building the business case and chargeback structure. Led implementation team. Education Master's Skills Project Management, Program Management, PMI Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation October 2005 to Present