Software Engineer Software Engineer Software Engineer - IBM Cedar Park, TX Highly motivated and skilled software engineer specializing in software design, development, and integration. Works well  under pressure, analytical, and detail-oriented. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Software Engineer IBM - Austin, TX February 2017 to Present • Played key role in designing and coding the APIs of a business-critical product.  • Debugged and modified software components to correct errors, upgrade interfaces, and improve performance.  • Created, delivered, and maintained scalable system architecture to support a high-availability product with various  internal integrations.  • Identified and suggested new technologies and tools for enhancing product value and increasing team productivity.  • Built, tested, and deployed scalable, highly available, and modular software products.  • Worked closely with other team members to plan, design, and develop robust solutions in a timely manner. IT Developer Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Austin, TX May 2015 to February 2017 • Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.  • Consulted regularly with product owners on project status, proposals, and technical issues.  • Rapidly prototyped new capabilities to confirm feasibility.  • Worked effectively with design teams to ensure software solutions elevated client side experience.  • Interfaced with business analysts, developers, and technical support to determine the best requirement  specifications. Project Manager (Internship) Pontoon Solutions (Verizon Wireless) - Basking Ridge, NJ June 2014 to August 2014 • Worked on the Smart Accessory team to bring innovative new products to market.  • Assessed vendor products and maintained positive vendor relations.  • Updated real-time high priority systems that affected front-end employees.  • Developed and managed communications strategies and plans. Education Bachelor of Science in Software Development and Information Management Pennsylvania College of Technology - Williamsport, PA May 2015 Skills ANDROID (5 years), API (2 years), C# (3 years), DATA MANAGEMENT (3 years), JAVA (4 years) Additional Information Skills  • Proficient in C#, Java, Go • Agile (Certified ScrumMaster)  • Advanced knowledge of Android OS • Linux systems and scripting  • API design knowledge • Strong problem solving skills  • Data management • Excellent interpersonal communication  • Code reviews • Superior time management  • Working remotely