Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - ThermoFIsher Littleton, CO Work Experience Project Manager ThermoFIsher April 2018 to Present • Manager validation projects at various customer sites.  • Generate and execute validation IO, OQ, PQ documents.  • Project Kick off meetings.  • Follow through on milestones and completion. Consultant validation/ Empower 3 BioMarin, QMS/Abbvie July 2016 to February 2017 • Validating, administrating, and supporting labs and GMP systems  • Deploying and upgrading from Empower 2 to Empower 3 in lab's Instrument Connections, SQT's and Validation of instruments and validation Documents. Consultant Empower Indivior May 2016 to July 2016 3  • Validating, administrating, and supporting labs and GMP systems  • Deploying and upgrading from Empower 2 to Empower 3 in lab's Instrument Connections, SQT's and Validation of instruments and validation Documents.  • Working with waters for generating vendor IQ, OQ, PQ for waters systems on Empower 3. IT Validation Consultant Gilead/USDM - Foster City, CA March 2015 to May 2016 • Troubleshooting issues in Active Directory, Windows servers, lab systems, local backups, and network backups  • Validating, administrating, and supporting labs and GMP systems  • Writing SOP's for Active Directory and other core Microsoft systems  • Compliance Auditing, Capa's, Deviations using Trackwise.  • URS and SOP's IQ, OQ, PQ execution, Scripting, Testing  • QC validation of all lab equipment and CFR part 11  • CAPA investigation and deviations  • Compliance for software  • Compliance for hardware Senior System Analyst Amgen - Longmont, CO November 2005 to December 2014 • Supporting validated lab systems. Project management, cGMP and Part 11 Lab certified.  • Daily interaction with QA, PD and Regulatory validation departments. Use of Maximo daily assigning workflows, monthly p.m's, various roles in MAXIMO, system owner and technical lead. Working with various craft's to complete the workflow dealing with daily issues for craft assignments time and labor assignments.  • MAXIMO Projects included Assigning system owners and scheduling time frames for yearly maintenance. User access audit's, Data restores and integrity check, Image backups and restores, documentation for FDA,  • Major project's FDA audit and responses, Deploying new technologies, LIMS, SDMS, Empower 2 & 3, Waters Nugenisys.  • Business Analyst for Product Development, identifying needs requirements, timelines, and following up on gaps and deadlines. Support Manufacturing SCADA, PI, BMS, PLC equipment.  • Writing SOP Standards for clinical computer systems, HPLC's, Mass spectrometers plate readers, particle counters. Imaging scripting backups.  • Validation and change controls, HP Application lifecycle Management, IQ/OQ/PQ in production for large bio-tech company.  • Implemented Agilent intelligent services on global PD lab systems, Guiding deployment and customer support on Global deployment. Vista, System 7, SMS and AD experience. SDMS administrator for Colorado. IT Manager Amgen - Longmont, CO June 2003 to November 2005 • Manage IT support group for large off site IT department, remote users, and internal users  • Project Management, inventory control, training, inventory of retired systems for disposal  • Service now and SCCM  • Support all conference rooms and equipment  • Worked with internal helpdesk to automate MSI installer to be fully automated  • Inventory of current stock and compile a complete asset management accounting using Vantive, Heat, ISM, SMS, and scripting tools (including Corporate Capital Liquidation).  • Performance reviews, mentor, and daily manager duties included with working with team to meet and exceed goals set by customer site  • Increased ticket closure by 40% achieving a"0" ticket queue  • Performance reviews, site metric reports, hiring, and terminations  • Site interaction with senior leadership teams Education Bachelor's in Applied Science Electronic Engineering ITT Technical Institute - Aurora, CO January 1988 to September 1991 BE E School / San Diego - San Diego, CA June 1984 to December 1984 Certificate of Completion in electronics and electrical components Basic Electronics Navy School Skills Customer relations, Help desk Additional Information Technical Skills    • Help Desk Manager  • Project Management  • Business Analyst  • System Analyst    • Customer Relations  • Global Technical Representative  • Management