SR PROJECT MANAGER SR <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SR PROJECT MANAGER Haltom City, TX Effective self starter with a strong background in project, program, and portfolio  management. Excels at managing the full life cycle of highly complex projects requiring  IT, business, and vendor interaction. Skilled in leading cross-functional teams, planning  projects and identifying and monitoring key deliverables and metrics that result in  successful implementation on time and within budget. Unique ability to translate  business needs into technical requirements. Work Experience SR PROJECT MANAGER VERIZON WIRELESS - Basking Ridge, NJ 2009 to 2019 Served as Sr Project Manager for the Digital Operations Team defining materials, delivery dates and implementation plans    - Created project plans and tracked progression of project deliverables specific to the online and mobile Digital properties for Verizon Wireless.    - Collaborated with project team members, peers, and cross functional groups to develop creative solutions and ensure successful project implementation.    - Lead discussions to build out full launch readiness plans - complete with key  milestones, supportable launch date, communications, training, launch support and risk mitigation plans.    - Provided senior leadership updates on project status, key metrics, issues, and risks.    - Managed changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using  appropriate verification techniques.    - Successfully project managed the current Verizon Wireless online customer rewards  program from ideation to implementation and maintenance.    - Successfully project/product managed accessibility program for the Verizon Wireless  digital properties resulting in a cost savings of $8MM annually.  - Between 2016 and 2019, project managed 10 complex initiatives with budgets that  exceeded $85MM to successful implementation IT PROJECT MANAGER VERIZON WIRELESS - Basking Ridge, NJ 2005 to 2009 Served as IT Project Manager Digital Properties defining materials, delivery dates as well as implementation plans    - Drove the focus of the Technology teams on needs assessment, strategic  development and overall project management of Technology in an Agile environment    - Successfully migrated a vendor provided service to an internal platform which resulted in an annual cost savings of $3.25MM    - Between 2007 and 2009, project managed 17 complex initiatives with budgets that  exceeded $35MM to successful implementation; facilitated 1K+ meetings and documented well over 3500 business requirements. PORTFOLIO MANAGER VERIZON WIRELESS - Basking Ridge, NJ 2003 to 2005 Managed project intake and administration for Digital properties    - Comprehend project scope, impact, and overall financial benefit to the business.    - Supported SVP, VP's, Executive Directors and Directors with presentation work and talk track compilation understanding key elements of the business strategy, processes  and technology    - Developed presentation details regarding project financials, status, risks, and ranking. IT BUSINESS ANALYST, PRIMECO VERIZON WIRELESS - Westlake, TX 1996 to 2003 Implemented billing system for PrimeCo Wireless service.    - Directed internal and external IT teams to create graphical user interface to allow  customer self serve access to billing records online.    - Developed processes, methods and procedures for implementing the online billing  system and various backend systems integration. Education B.A. in History University of North Texas - Denton, TX Certificate Villanova University - Villanova, PA Skills Optimization, Portfolio management, Program management, Problem solving Additional Information Areas of Expertise include:    • Program management • Portfolio management    • Superb communication skills • Executive dashboard reporting    • Process optimization • Strong analytical skills    • Complex problem solving • Agile and waterfall methodologies