IT Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst IT Business Analyst - Hewlett Packard Enterprise Round Rock, TX • Project Management • Process Reengineering  • Strategic Planning • Customer Satisfaction  Political savvy professional who has successfully collaborated with cross functional global teams, interacted with clients, and deployed applications to construct customer-focused solutions. Ambitious project manager whose potent interpersonal skills have afforded the opportunity to successfully lead project teams that have utilized Six Sigma principles taking processes from design to completion. Reliable, result-driven researcher who formulates solutions and assist developers and support teams with issues for over 10 years. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Business Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Austin, TX December 2015 to Present 78728  Propel Service Manager:  Services and troubleshoots escalated tickets from internal and external employees of which align within the IT Request Management (ITRM) Department. Develop or update project plans for information technology projects including information such as project objectives, technologies, systems, information specifications, schedules, funding, and staffing. Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables. Confer with project personnel to identify and resolve problems.    Project Manager of Architectural Software Tool Systems:  Submit and review change requests to software systems. Conduct the implementation of the new processes. Prepare project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Direct or coordinate activities of project personnel. Assign duties, responsibilities, and spans of authority to project personnel. Establish and execute a project communication plan. Schedule and facilitate meetings related to IT projects. Identify, review, or select vendors or consultants to meet project needs.    Demand Management Manager:  Obtain software/hardware requests from internal and external employees in order to verify the software/hardware configuration availability prior to submitting to ensure compliance with the needs of the customer for the application product. Modify existing software/hardware requests to correct errors or to improve packages performance. Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. Confer with systems analysts, engineers, programmers and others to negotiate design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces according to the requirements of the customer. Store, retrieve, and manipulate data for analysis of system capabilities and requirements. Design, develop and modify software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure outcome and consequences of design.    Logistics Liaison:  Ensure separate departments are communicating well and maximum efficiency is achieved. Assess current or future customer needs and priorities through communicating directly with customers, conducting surveys, or other methods. Identify, review, or select vendors or consultants to meet project needs. Project Manager Consultant Workforce Opportunity Solutions - Berkeley Heights, NJ November 2014 to December 2015 07922  Project Management:  Liaised between business unit owners and multiple levels of management for the Migration of Business Units from Hewlett Packard Service Management to TechDirect. Completed release management processes for Architecture Tools Solution Team (ATS Team) from creation to closing. Organized and led team meetings. Maintained documentation for multiple projects and communicate pertinent information to key stakeholders. Prioritized multiple projects while employing time management practices. Provided daily end-to-end project management oversight and decision making, conducted scoping sessions, requirements gathering, analyzed business processes and budget concerns, organized and managed project teams, ensured quality, on-time and on-budget deliverables. Education Project Management New Jersey Institute of Technology December 2014 Bachelor of Arts in Psychology in Psychology University of North Florida August 2011 Associate Degree in Aviation Operations Community College of the Air Force - Charleston, SC April 2010