IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - City of West Chicago Saint Charles, IL Work Experience IT Manager City of West Chicago 2010 to Present Responsible for working with over 20 venders for the optimization of City data across eight building and multiple departments.  • Migrated the City's physical server farm to a virtual environment  • Implemented a multi-layer network security system to protect the City against cyber-attacks, malware, virus and ransom ware.  • Responsible for the strategic operation and planning of an internal cloud solution to house all City data across multiple locations and departments.  • Migrated the City's email system from GroupWise to an internal Exchange server.  • Researched and implemented a VPN solution that meet the requirements of State and County standards that worked across multiple platforms within the City  • Created a point to point wireless solution to keep multiple buildings on the City's network.  • Implemented a monitoring dashboard to track security alerts and outages.  • Created an integrated solution for Police body cams and in-car cameras to store video in the cloud.  • Implemented a five and ten year disaster recovery plan. Allowing for all City data to be securely backed up and stored at multiple locations.  • Optimized department work flow and data tracking. Through third party software IT Supervisor Prescient Solutions 2004 to 2010 I served as an account lead on new accounts. I was placed at new accounts to assess the issues with the client and devise a plan to meet and exceed there IT needs.  • ITW Corporate office: Created a helpdesk and monitoring system for over one hundred locations in the US and international.  • NewTrier High School: Virtualized over 40 physical servers to a VMware solution. Migrated over five thousand user accounts from Novell Group Wise to an Microsoft Exchange email system.  • Elmhurst High School: Implemented an Wireless solution throughout the entire school district. Director, Information Technology City of Chicago, Department of Aviation 2000 to 2004 Executive Management responsible for airport's network, and server division as well as the strategic planning and project management of all informational initiatives. Evaluate potential hardware and software solutions for compatibility with existing platforms and for desired functionality.  • Project managed a 3.1 million-dollar security camera system that was integrated into the existing infrastructure.  • Researched and coordinated a work management that allowed the airports to efficiently inventory, track supplies and work orders as well as budgeting yearly expenditures.  • Involved in all decision making of more than 40 gate construction build outs including security systems, network locations and new IT technologies to aid the airlines  • Earned a reputation for being the best of all professionals in my field and was handpicked to coordinate projects. Network Administrator 1996 to 2000 Responsible for the design and installation of the network including LAN and WAN for four airports  • Designed and executed a Cisco network solution to fit the City of Chicago 'requirements  • Restructured and implemented a proactive upgrade of the entire network  • Developed a wireless solution to be shared by the airlines and all City departments ensuring a cost effective and efficient network infrastructure. Project Manager 1994 to 1996 Project manager for the design, build and implementation of O'Hare and Midway Airports Public Safety and Security Project  • Help design and implement a state of the art 911 system using computer aided dispatch systems, digital voice recordings and integrated mapping system eliminating and outdated hand written system.  • Created and managed a security access control system using Biometric Technology for more than 1,000 portals.  • Installed a computerized ID badging system to badge more that 50,000 employees annually Aviation Communication Operator City of Chicago Police, Fire and Security Dispatcher at O'Hare International Airport 1992 to 1994 Responsibilities included handling all police, fire and emergency medical calls. Education BS Computer Science DePaul University - Chicago, IL 1990 to 1992 Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL 1987 to 1990 Skills Cisco, Exchange, Vmware, Informix, Ms access, Oracle, Sql, Unix, Novell, Active Directory, Excel, Customer Service, IT Management, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Strategic Planning, VoIP, Itil, Disaster Recovery Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Systems Experience  • Hardware: Dell, Cisco, Hewlett Packard, Scale, IBM  • Operating Systems: Microsoft, Vmware, Novell, Unix  • Software: Microsoft Server2019, Windows 2010, SQL, Access, Exchange 2019, HyperV, Vmware  • Databases: Oracle, Informix, MS Access, MS SQL