IT Project Manager (Lead) - Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> (Lead) - Consultant IT Project Manager (Lead) - Consultant Gowanda, NY Information Technology Management Professional with over 25 years' experience in the development and implementation of software applications to meet a broad range of organizational/user needs. Skilled in all phases of project life cycle, from initial feasibility analysis and conceptual design through implementation and enhancement. Incident/issue management as well as implementation/approval of change order process. . Strong technical expertise in application design, in combination with solid general management experience. Experienced with implementation, configuration and management of Payment systems as well as PCI compliance surrounding credit cards and customer's data. Experienced in RFP and Vendor selection/Management. Excellent IT/Operations/Client Vendor Management skills concentrating on meeting customer needs and solid profitable alliances with vendors and suppliers. Key core qualifications include:    • Strategic & Operational Technical Planning  • Technology & Business Planning  • Application Design and Implementation  • IT Skills Gap Analysis & Performance Optimization  • RFP response and Vendor selection processes  • Audit controls and Business Process Redesign  • Credit Card data management, configuration and PCI compliance. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager (Lead) - Consultant TEK systems February 2013 to June 2016 for HSBC bank    • 2013- IT Lead PM for Environments Team- PM for all project phases of building test environments that  Interface with AS400 and Mainframe platforms. Current project has 7 Major Releases to end in 2017.  Responsible for million dollar + budget and resources for the Environments team both onshore and offshore,  Manage Contractors assigned to the Environments team onboarding staff and training.  Build and manage project plan via Clarity and Open Workbench.  Create task lists and team blogs on SharePoint for ease in keeping on track with project  Timelines and communicating to the masses.  Held team meetings SCRUM format which significantly increases the team's chances of success of meeting tasks and milestones of the project. System Development Manager Sallie Mae Corporation Asset Performance Group - Arcade, NY 2010 to July 2012 July 2012    Formulated IT strategies and managed 3 IT teams geographically dispersed for Sallie Mae data centers. Responsible for application development and modification efforts of 2 main database applications used by a 1000+person call center. Collaborated with operations, sales, customer services, finance and external clients to define system requirements and develop appropriate solutions. Managed 14 direct/ 20 indirect contractors, along with $1 million software budget.  Develop objectives to maximize the return on investment for IT spending capturing cost reductions through practices such as asset management (software and hardware), vendor contract management, and centralized IT procurement (RFPs, RFQs, vendor reviews, etc.).  ? Provide management of the technical support for multiple end user business functions. Establish framework for proper development of the structure and components of a business application system by ensuring that effective methodology is used.    • Provide direction to project leaders for multiple concurrent projects or tasks such as system version patching, system migrations and system integrations. Delegate day-to-day management of tasks.    ? Communicate ideas, system requirements, and system configurations to assigned staff members, internal users, and external clients both verbally and in writing in a clear, concise manner and tailored to the appropriate audiences.    ? Maintain good general understanding of the other functional areas of the company and communicate to the appropriate staff information that has an impact on their assigned projects or responsibilities.    ? Oversee management time-lines and deployment management of project lifecycle.    ? Responsible for FISMA, NIST, SOX, and PCI compliance, client audit controls, and audit responses. Manage resolutions to findings for system application. Maintained Application Security Manual used as guide for maintaining audit controls. Data Operations Manager Sallie Mae Corporation Asset Performance Group - Arcade, NY September 2007 to January 2010 • Managed the IT help desk, data processors, IT business analyst and IT operational analyst. Member of the Executive Management Team.    • System Administrator and resident expert for system applications and configurations.  • Established Application Security Manual and process improvements maintaining PCI, NIST and FISMA controls.  • Responsible for implementing several process improvements resulting in automation of files and lessen the risk of human error. IT Project Manager/Business Analyst Unisource Administrators Inc - Sarasota, FL September 2005 to September 2007 Designed a user-friendly front-end interface (.NET) platform for Account Management of Worker's Comp insurance claims. The development of the Account Management Modules enabled users the ability to manage Claims and clients from inception through the life-cycle of the claim and or contract with the client.    ? Project Managed (life cycle) specific clients relating to business specifications, file layout, mappings and technical requirement specifications documentation.    ? Liaison to clients while providing them with the customer service that followed our UAI Mission Statement.    ? Provide status updates to their projects and continue to communicate resolutions to any outstanding or new issues.    ? Internal Client Liaison Serve as resource for internal customers regarding IT Project requests and status updates.    ? Data Maintenance and Report Services. Sr. Systems Business Analyst Manager Sallie Mae Corporation Asset Performance Group - Arcade, NY January 2001 to February 2005 Created the company's first Quality Assurance Department consisting of a staff of 10 employees between 2 locations. This department was effective in minimizing the company's risk for lawsuits and Collector violations    ? Created Standard Operating Procedures for the data file transfers, aiding in eliminating errors.    ? Responsible for writing the company's first Disaster Recovery manual enabling the company to bid on contracts that required a Disaster Recovery.    ? Handled all IT Business Analysis responsibilities, as well as being the "bridge" between IT/OPS/Clients and software vendor.    ? Created and Documented all business specs and technical specs as well as handled all file layout mappings and design of interfaces for contract inception.    ? Experience with government contracts for collection work.    ? Project lead on data migrations from UNIX to Linux and data conversions Systems Analyst Pioneer Credit Recovery December 1998 to January 2001 • Managed day to day system issues.  • Data/File transfers  • PC installs  • System patching  ? Managed the implementation/migration to a new platform utilized for the organization's contract prior to the Sallie Mae/Pioneer acquisition. IT Lead PM for Regulatory Control Review for Credit Card conversion - IT conversion and IT system integration Work stream-completed  • Create and Manage Work plan for IT System integration and Data Conversion work-streams.  • Coordinate meetings within IT SME's, BA and PM's to insure project timelines and deliverables  • Create weekly status reports for PMO management for project timeline, Risks and Issues  • POC for Vendors to coordinate mapping issues and resolution.  • Manage Functional Spec writing and approvals.  • Clarity administrator for allocating resources and tasks.  • Upload and maintain project documents in Share point.    • Coordinate meetings with IT engineers on a weekly basis  • Main POC for escalation of issue resolution.  • Coordinate Test plan strategies and test environment build  • Coordinate Dry Run of conversion  • Command Center coordinator, issue log maintenance and follow up.  • Manage Implementation of project. Education Business Administration/Computer Science University of Phoenix Business Administration Fredonia State College Communications Buffalo State College