Scrum Master / Project Manager Scrum Master / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Scrum Master / Project Manager Scrum Master / Project Manager 04/2017 - 04/2019  Renew Financial Group (Alpharetta, GA)  • Exhibit Lean-Agile Kanban leadership and behaviors of a lean-agile mindset.  • Responsible for reinforcing working agreements and any other process rules the team has agreed to.  • Facilitate the team's progress toward their delivery goal.  • Leads the team's efforts in relentless improvement.  • Facilitates the team retrospective.  • Facilitates daily stand-up, iteration planning, team demo, and iteration retrospective meetings  • Provides guidance to assist the teams in constantly improving the quality of their deliverables and meeting the definition of done.  • Foster and support relevant communities of practice.  • Provide the highest level of support to the team using a servant leadership style and leading by example.  • Guide the Development Team on how to get the most from self-organization using SDLC methodology.  • Facilitate discussion, decision making, and conflict resolution within the team.  • Remove impediments, or guide the Development Team to remove impediments, through communication and transparency of impediments.  • Support the Product Owner, with respect to grooming and maintaining the product backlog.    Project Manager/Agile Scrum Master 01/2015 - 03/2017  Wells Fargo Bank (Charlotte, NC)  • Partner with Product Managers to plan, conduct, and analyze complex needs/requirements/futures/data from the business.  • Plan, update project plan, Project status, and track requirement work plan for IT service analysis and Implementation.  • Project Manager with Good Communication skills, Good in Planning, Tracking and overall Customer Management.  • Plan overall project schedule and Status tracking, Reporting  • Managing Multiple Projects, using both waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodology.  • Identify and mitigate project risks; understand and manage project dependencies, and manage project communications and reporting  • Track progress to ensure goals and milestones are delivered according to plan, update schedule and communicate to all stake holders  • Leadership Updates and Status reporting and Overall Customer Management for the projects.  • Respond for changes/updates to completed viability estimates as LOBs review and change their minds due to cost, review the viability estimates with the Product Manager for validation prior to distributing financials to the requestor.  • Led requirement analysis by ensuring the requirements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensive, traceable, feasible, unambiguous and verifiable.  • Elicit requirements specification using standard templates,  • Develop communications, change demand planning analysis, request management frameworks, metrics, dashboard, KPI, and builds cost estimates.    Senior IT Business Analyst/ Project Manager 11/2012 - 12/2014  SunTrust Bank (Atlanta, GA)  • Exhibit Lean-Agile leadership and behaviors of a lean-agile mindset.  • Direct and manage project development from beginning to end;  • Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders;  • Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents;  • Ensure that project meets its deliverables in agreed schedule, as per the scope, within stipulated budget and as per the quality standards;  • Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion;  • Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis;  • Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals;  • Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary;  • Ensures project or service scope and deliverables are defined and agreed with all relevant parties;  • Ensures all project commitments are met, and monitors and reports on progress to Senior Project Manager, sponsor, and customer, as well as the PMO in accordance with the reporting standards, ensuring the project remains within scope;  • Diagnoses and evaluates potential risks and issues throughout the project. Reports regularly to the PMO and Senior Project Manager regarding risks, and executes appropriate plans to contain them;  • Acts as escalation point for problems and complaints, and manages compliance, contingency, and risk situations within own area of control;  • Monitor and manage resources (staff, suppliers, and hardware & software) in a cost-effective manner, identify opportunities for cost reduction, and action cost reduction initiatives.  Project Manager/Business Analyst 3/2003 - 09/2012  National Health Service Professional (Hertfordshire, United Kingdom)  • Gathered detailed requirement within the functional and non-functional software requirement functionality.  • Plan, update project plan, Project status, and track requirement work plan for IT service analysis and Implementation.  • Review previous documentation and Service Validation, SLA's and testing requirement for data migration.  • Analyze business risk at each iteration and reassess risk regularly at each phase of the project life cycle.  • Facilitate Joint Application Development JAD to bring together business Stakeholders and the technical team for analysis and design session.  • Established and implemented effective requirement practices, using continuous improvement of requirement process, policies, procedures and tools.  • data sets, data mapping, data modelling and reports.  • Prepared, interpreted, analyzed and communicated Performance report, KPI, dashboard and other vital information to senior staff across all professions and stakeholders. Work Experience Scrum Master / Project Manager Renew Financial Group - Alpharetta, GA April 2017 to April 2019 • Exhibit Lean-Agile Kanban leadership and behaviors of a lean-agile mindset.  • Responsible for reinforcing working agreements and any other process rules the team has agreed to.  • Facilitate the team's progress toward their delivery goal.  • Leads the team's efforts in relentless improvement.  • Facilitates the team retrospective.  • Facilitates daily stand-up, iteration planning, team demo, and iteration retrospective meetings  • Provides guidance to assist the teams in constantly improving the quality of their deliverables and meeting the definition of done.  • Foster and support relevant communities of practice.  • Provide the highest level of support to the team using a servant leadership style and leading by example.  • Guide the Development Team on how to get the most from self-organization using SDLC methodology.  • Facilitate discussion, decision making, and conflict resolution within the team.  • Remove impediments, or guide the Development Team to remove impediments, through communication and transparency of impediments.  • Support the Product Owner, with respect to grooming and maintaining the product backlog. Project Manager/Agile Scrum Master Wells Fargo Bank - Charlotte, NC January 2015 to March 2017 • Partner with Product Managers to plan, conduct, and analyze complex needs/requirements/futures/data from the business.  • Plan, update project plan, Project status, and track requirement work plan for IT service analysis and Implementation.  • Project Manager with Good Communication skills, Good in Planning, Tracking and overall Customer Management.  • Plan overall project schedule and Status tracking, Reporting  • Managing Multiple Projects, using both waterfall and Agile/Scrum methodology.  • Identify and mitigate project risks; understand and manage project dependencies, and manage project communications and reporting  • Track progress to ensure goals and milestones are delivered according to plan, update schedule and communicate to all stake holders  • Leadership Updates and Status reporting and Overall Customer Management for the projects.  • Respond for changes/updates to completed viability estimates as LOBs review and change their minds due to cost, review the viability estimates with the Product Manager for validation prior to distributing financials to the requestor.  • Led requirement analysis by ensuring the requirements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensive, traceable, feasible, unambiguous and verifiable.  • Elicit requirements specification using standard templates,  • Develop communications, change demand planning analysis, request management frameworks, metrics, dashboard, KPI, and builds cost estimates. Senior IT Business Analyst/ Project Manager SunTrust Bank - Atlanta, GA November 2012 to December 2014 • Exhibit Lean-Agile leadership and behaviors of a lean-agile mindset.  • Direct and manage project development from beginning to end;  • Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders;  • Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents;  • Ensure that project meets its deliverables in agreed schedule, as per the scope, within stipulated budget and as per the quality standards;  • Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion;  • Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis;  • Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals;  • Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary;  • Ensures project or service scope and deliverables are defined and agreed with all relevant parties;  • Ensures all project commitments are met, and monitors and reports on progress to Senior Project Manager, sponsor, and customer, as well as the PMO in accordance with the reporting standards, ensuring the project remains within scope;  • Diagnoses and evaluates potential risks and issues throughout the project. Reports regularly to the PMO and Senior Project Manager regarding risks, and executes appropriate plans to contain them;  • Acts as escalation point for problems and complaints, and manages compliance, contingency, and risk situations within own area of control;  • Monitor and manage resources (staff, suppliers, and hardware & software) in a cost-effective manner, identify opportunities for cost reduction, and action cost reduction initiatives. Project Manager/Business Analyst March 2003 to September 2012 National Health Service Professional (Hertfordshire, United Kingdom)  • Gathered detailed requirement within the functional and non-functional software requirement functionality.  • Plan, update project plan, Project status, and track requirement work plan for IT service analysis and Implementation.  • Review previous documentation and Service Validation, SLA's and testing requirement for data migration.  • Analyze business risk at each iteration and reassess risk regularly at each phase of the project life cycle.  • Facilitate Joint Application Development JAD to bring together business Stakeholders and the technical team for analysis and design session.  • Established and implemented effective requirement practices, using continuous improvement of requirement process, policies, procedures and tools.  • data sets, data mapping, data modelling and reports.  • Prepared, interpreted, analyzed and communicated Performance report, KPI, dashboard and other vital information to senior staff across all professions and stakeholders. Skills Agile Scrum, Jira, Scrum, Scrum Master, CSM, PM Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master September 2017 to September 2023 Agile Scrum Master certificate