SR. IT CONSULTANT SR. <span class="hl">IT</span> CONSULTANT SR. IT CONSULTANT - MARSHFIELD CLINIC Wausau, WI Work Experience SR. IT CONSULTANT MARSHFIELD CLINIC August 2017 to Present Lead and manage complex healthcare projects/program within budget, scope, and schedule.    Accomplishments:  • Three Ambulatory Surgery Centers and three Central Sterilization went live with CareFusion Impress software to move from paper process to electronic tracking of surgical/sterilization/decontamination.  • Cisco UCCE Upgrade and IVR Outbound appointment communication to patients for Security Health Plan.  • Managed and built a plan to implement all networked medical devices for the grand opening of the new Eau Claire Medical Center.  • Developed an RFP and led the implementation of a system-wide point of sale solution to increase revenue for Marshfield Clinic retail pharmacies and cafeterias (Marshfield, Rice Lake, and Eau Claire). Producing a significant reduction in credit card fees and improved employee satisfaction with badge swipe payment.  • Developed a transition plan for Cattails EHR data archival for Ministry Health Care/Ascension as part of the Termination Service Agreement.  • Developed the RFP for Patient Care Devices identifying the five-year device model to be used by providers and staff throughout the system with MCHS IS (13,000 Employees).  • Successfully planned and implemented Kronos Workforce Scheduler for 25 clinical departments at Marshfield Medical Center within an aggressive timeline resulting in no fees incurred through the termination agreement for continued service. No disruption to the business with a smooth transition from Laborworkx to Kronos.  • Currently leading system leadership through a Studer Group implementation of MY Rounding. A tool used by service line administrators and service line medical doctors to round with their physicians and providers. To promote a culture of engagement.  • Leading the Revenue Cycle Management team through Lockbox, EOB Conversion, and Cash Reconciliation Project. Improving claims, remittance, and cash posting processes.  • Mentor and onboard new staff joining the ePMO office on project management best practices, process, and procedures.  • Managing a $150M AR Program for MCHS Revenue Cycle Management focusing on process improvement, denial management, and AR reduction.  • Managing due diligence with system leadership and general counsel for a confidential MCHS joint venture.  • Successfully developed the template and management plan for MCHS IS to deploy Windows as a Service on a biennial timeline.  • Planned and executed the Windows 10 Project including the upgrade of over 8,000 devices. CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER STOCKBRIDGE-MUNSEE COMMUNITY, HEALTH CENTER, AND NORTH STAR CASINO April 2016 to July 2017 Establish and direct the strategic long-term goals, policies, and procedures for the IT department at the tribal government, health center, and casino.    Accomplishments:  • Conducted a full system analysis and provided recommendations to improve the Bally Scientific Gaming solution, which operates the entire casino floor and back of the house.  • Completed the annual state auditor regulatory compliance review, RSM McGladrey MICCS, and Indian Gaming regulations.  • Defined clear roles and responsibilities for all staff and repositioned IT to meet the needs and expectations of the organization.  • Developed, presented, and received tribal council approval on a $4M operational and capital budget.  • Demonstrate the long-term IT system needs and acquisitions to accomplish the 5-year business strategic plan.  • Implemented Greenway Health EHR replacing RPMS, an Indian Health Services recommendation. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR VOLM COMPANIES, INC January 2014 to April 2016 Maintain organizational effectiveness and efficiencies by defining, delivering, and supporting the strategic plan for implementing information technologies.    Accomplishments:  • Attract and retain staff by effectively recruiting and developing a team to meet the operational needs of the company. An especially difficult task for rural businesses.  • Conducted an IT assessment and presented findings to senior leadership. Rebuilt the entire technology infrastructure to meet service level agreements and high availability business requirements.  • Created a results driven team providing operational excellence to the organization. IT INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT MANAGER MINISTRY HEALTH CARE June 2011 to December 2013 Project Manager focusing on driving the technology projects and initiatives for Ministry. Managing projects from initial request to implementation.    Accomplishments:  • Led an 18 month $2M Data Center Strategy Project with system leadership to migrate 15 hospital data centers into one physical Tier 1 data center facility. No unplanned downtime.  • SQL Improvement Project to add data domain and successfully moved databases from current state to new state of the art technology with no unplanned downtime.  • Led the wireless improvement project for Saint Claire's, Our Lady of Victory, and Good Sam's. Improved patient care with medical devices throughout the facilities with no drop in coverage. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGER NORTHWEST AREA FOUNDATION November 2006 to June 2011 Served as the foundation's key technology leader. Managed the foundation's internal technology strategy.    Accomplishments:  • Developed and received executive board approval for the foundations IT Three-Year Strategic Plan.  • Managed vendor and key external business relationships. Preparing RFP and acquisitions to support the technology needs of the organization.  • Created a disaster recovery plan and business continuity plan for the foundation.  • Managed staff to provide excellent results and services to the organization. Education MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION in Global Business HAMLINE UNIVERSITY - Shanghai, CN December 2009 B.A. in BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION LAKELAND COLLEGE December 2006 KRS COMPUTER AND BUSINESS SCHOOL December 1999 Skills System analysis, Systems management, Strategic planning, Healthcare, Healthcare management, Process improvement Additional Information SKILLS  • Strategic Planning  • Information Systems Management  • Project Management Professional (Certification)  • Business and System Analysis    • Healthcare Management  • Legal Contract/Negotiation  • Leadership Engagement  • Process Improvement