Director of Application Development Director of Application Development Colorado Springs, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of Application Development UCCS - Colorado Springs, CO January 2019 to Present • Provides service lifecycle for the campus’s software and applications through the design of service to meet campus needs and requirements, the implementation of service using project and change management methodology, support of service, and ultimately retire services as needed.  • Provides consulting and subject matter expertise to campus stakeholders to encourage best practices and drive a campus-wide strategy regarding information technology.  • Actively develops and cultivates a culture allowing for communication and collaboration with UCCS stakeholders to deliver applications and services that meet stakeholder requirements, set expectations, and provide an intuitive pathway for users to find services and applications.  • Collaborates with the campus to understand campus strategy and requirements, customer needs and market trends, including developing the roadmap for applications within the current portfolio  • A leader to the team consistently applying appropriate development principles and standards during all phases of the development lifecycle while ensuring the solution design and delivery meet business requirements and expectations  • Collaborates with architecture and leadership on design of a supporting technology strategy (including a multi-year road map) that aligns with architectural design, plan, and standards  • Provides strategic direction and day-to-day leadership to a team of highly technical employees and vendor provided resources (onshore and offshore) that will ensure best in class solutions are of high quality, cost-effective, sustainable and market leading  • Serves as Co-Chair for UCCS Strategic Planning through the utilization of a strategic analysis to advise on higher education trends and issues.  • Promotes professional growth and staff development through effective leadership and education. IT Project Manager/Change Manager UCCS - Colorado Springs, CO October 2017 to Present • Oversight of incoming new project requests, assisting senior leadership with continuous portfolio management (status, projections, resource planning, new request monitoring), ongoing budget reviews (actual vs budget analysis, projections, periodic reporting), cost projections in the future across the portfolio  • Performing analysis to understand resource commitments, understanding burn rates and total program costs at completion and working directly with development teams to resolve conflicts and highlight portfolio changes. This includes managing the professional fee (consultant) forecasts, working with the teams to enforce exit plans for those running over budget, escalating issues to leadership, and ensuring resources are aligned to appropriate funding  • Owns and facilitates organizational change and ensures that standardized methods and procedures are used for efficient and prompt handling of all changes to control IT infrastructure, in order to minimize the number and impact of any related incidents upon service.  • Serves as a key member of the OIT Leadership Team. Educates and works collaboratively with all members of the OIT Leadership Team in order to facilitate informed IT decisions.  • Utilizes change management to integrate technology into current business processes to drive both adoption and increased efficiency.  • Creator of the OIT Leadership Cohort to for the development of professional staff in leadership tactics and techniques. Program Director Engine23 - Colorado Springs, CO March 2017 to October 2018 • Oversaw all Web Development projects from inception to project closure.   • Conducted stakeholder interviews, business analysis, integration requirements gathering, user acceptance testing, and business relationship management.  • Utilized Agile and Scrum methodology to manage the lifecycle of projects and product feature updates.   • Managed a team of 5 web developers.  • Utilized Jira to monitor and move projects and requests through a DevOps lifecycle.  • Partner with the business to understand the organization and its goals in order to determine potential project impact and tailor the plans and deliverables accordingly.  • Integration of ERP and enterprise financial systems within web platforms. Program Manager Keysight Technologies - Colorado Springs, CO November 2014 to October 2017 • Development of Quality Assurance standards and metrics to ensure implementation meets stakeholder requirements.  • Held regularly scheduled executive summary meetings to keep senior level stakeholders apprised of project status.  • Migrated organization from on-prem infrastructure to Office 365 to allow the organization to have a more agile infrastructure as well as save a surplus of $350k annually.  • Migrating organization from physical phone only system to a soft-phone system allowing for greater flexibility for employees.  • Led multiple cross-functional teams through various implementations of projects and organizational changes.  • Provides leadership and expertise in the evaluation/selection of technology solutions. Senior Project Manager Carousel Industries Inc - Woodland Park, CO August 2014 to November 2015 • Implementation of enterprise-wide telephony systems, networking, and wireless systems.  • Facilitate and establish regular Project Review Meetings with the customer and internal resources  • Serve as customer’s single point of contact for all project related issues and concerns;  • Successfully lead, develop and communicate a common strategic direction; organize, analyze, and motivate the implementation team to help them meet their objectives and provide high-quality service  • Interface with customer service and sales project objects are met  • Develop and manage project plans and response strategies  • Ensure projects are completed on time and within budget  • Held daily status calls with technical team and development communication plans with stakeholders.  • Served as Senior Project Manager to both mentor and develop other project managers. Analytics Team Project Manager Wells Fargo fullfilled by TekSystems - Colorado Springs, CO April 2014 to August 2014 • Internal consultant within technology and business groups to develop Business Intelligence solutions (dashboards and reporting) by catering customer solutions to stakeholder requirements.  • Development of standard operating procedures to better drive governance and planning for enterprise-level changes   • Provide support metrics to the business identifying: projects in the queue and prioritization, cost, ROI and resource timeline required to complete the project   • Drives key performance measures and indicators that drive company measurement, reporting, and analytics across all business functions allowing for better forecasting and data-driven business decisions  • Facilitates the collaboration and development of the group responsible for extracting data from source systems, deriving key drivers and creating consumer analytics strategy  • Implementation and management of large-scale enterprise financial systems and business intelligence platforms for large, diverse and distributed stakeholder groups.  • Work closely with leadership to determine key performance indicators to drive forecasting and near real-time business decisions. Project Manager Avaya Inc. (Fulfilled by Glotel Inc) July 2013 to April 2014 • Implementation of Enterprise Performance Management Systems designed to help organizations link their strategies to their plans and execution  • Develops project scope, plan, and schedule.   • Establishes project team and manages across organizational and vendor boundaries to achieve success.   • Involved in developing, modifying and executing company project(s) that affect immediate operations and may have a network-wide or company wide effect.   • Facilitates improved project team communications by having common processes, deliverables, and terminology.   • Provides training, internal or outsourced, to build core project management competencies and a common set of experiences.   • Delivers project management coaching services to keep projects from getting into trouble.   • Tracks basic information on the current status of all projects in the organization and provides project visibility to management in a common and consistent manner.   • Tracks organization-wide metrics on the state of project management, project delivery, and the value being provided to the business. Implementation and delivery of over $13 million worth of projects over more than 20 enterprise level clients. Operations/ Project Manager US Army April 2009 to December 2012 • Held position of Operations/ Project Manager which ensures logistical and managerial support to the training environment.  • Software development of a workforce management system to manage the lifecycle and performance of over 4,000 students annually. The software was used to make strategic decisions based on business intelligence reporting.  • Operations manager for development and implementation of Live GPS Tracking system, which was budgeted at over $10 million. Implementation served as a foundation for large-scale infrastructure change throughout the Special Operations community.  • Over 10 unique training projects implemented annually each with a budget in excess of $100,000. Each project involved initiation, planning, execution, manage and control, and closing phases.  • As a result of dedication to project development, I was decorated with the Army Achievement Medal.  • The organization received a Safety Award as a result of adhering to project process standards. Senior IT Manager US Army - Fort Bragg, NC July 2006 to April 2009 • Served as Senior IT Manager  • Assessed existing communication platforms for weaknesses and needs for improvements.  • Developed and implemented IT programs for multiple locations in Afghanistan, which included no less than 300 users. The system included Satellite communication (3DI & SDN-M), Cisco Systems, and encrypted devices to Top-Secret level.  • Installation of Avaya VOIP phone systems and Cisco LAN system.  • Earned Bronze Star for the design and development of new communications platforms that allowed for increased organizational effectiveness.  • Held position as the communication security manager.  • Maintained and was responsible for over $2,000,000 worth of IT equipment during operations. Education Master's in Finance Colorado State University-Global Campus - Denver, CO May 2015 to January 2019 Master's in Project Management with a focus of Business Intelligence Colorado State University 2013 to 2015 Certification in Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Aveta Business Institute 2013 Bachelor's in Health Care Administration University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ 2010 to 2012 Skills Pmp (6 years), Evms (6 years), Agile (4 years), Scrum (3 years), Waterfall, SDLC, Information Technology, PM, Scrum Master, Strategic Planning, training, budget, Scrum (5 years), Enterprise Software (8 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-wolf-ba797347 Military Service Branch: Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-7 December 2003 to December 2012 Servered as an 18E in the 7th Special Forces Group Commendations: • The Green Beret and Special Forces designation for demonstrating exceptional qualities and outperforming over 80 percent of peers.  • Bronze Star Medal for conduct during Operation Enduring Freedom 10  • Bronze Star Medal for conduct during Operation Enduring Freedom 12  • Army Commendation Medal for services given to 7th Special Forces Group  • Army Achievement Medal for level of proficiency as Operations Manager at Special Forces Assessment and Selection  • Two Good Conduct Medals for exemplary service and bringing honor to the unit. Certifications/Licenses PMP May 2013 to May 2019 Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Skills Summary   • PMP Certified: License 1605094 • Microsoft Office (Word Excel Outlook  PowerPoint Visio)  • Masters in Project Management & Business Intelligence • Microsoft Project  • Six Sigma Green Belt Certified • Scheduling, Planning, Procurement,  Execution  • Lean / DFSS certified  • Business Analytics  • IT Management  • Earned Value Analysis  • DMAIC  • Risk Management  • SDLC  • ADKAR  • SAP  • Enterprise Performance Management