IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager Bachelor of Science/University of Miami with 35 years of experience having extensive experience as a LAN/WAN Technical Specialist, with Router, Switches, DSL, and Cable modem AND T1. IS Administration, Telecom/Information Technology Technician-Installation Maintenance & Repair, Technical Support-Trouble Ticket Processing, Network-Monitoring, Information Technology-Management, Engineering-Field, Technician-Voice and Data, TELECOM, VoIP, Deployment Specialists, Desktop Support. Work Experience IT Manager JOHNSON & JOHNSON - Athens, GA October 2016 to July 2019 Responsibilities    include but are not limited to:  • Provide stable and secure infrastructure - both on premise and in cloud  • Manage, develop, and implement Service Desk • Manage delivery of infrastructure and operations projects • Lead and deliver problem resolution  • Develop, implement, test and maintain effective IT disaster recovery plan  • Support business and IT applications team in delivering administrative information systems  • Manage relevant third-party support companies  • Negotiate Service Level Agreements (SLA) with relevant stakeholders and deliver against the agreed SLAs  • Manage servers, SANs, firewalls, backups, routers, printers, desktop delivery, virtual environment  • Perform capacity planning & Asset Control  • Monitor/ measure network and core infrastructure performance - plan for expansion, redundancy and threat avoidance/ management  • Manage and deliver out of hours infrastructure support  • Develop and maintain relevant systems documentation  • Develop, document and maintain relevant Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), policies and/or procedures - in respect of infrastructure, DRP and security  • Manage and support mobile computing solutions  • Manage and support telecoms solutions  • Manage platforms for phones, unified messaging, conference calling, call centers, call recording  • Troubleshoot and resolve network and telecoms problems  • Initiate cost savings and operational improvement by optimizing the use of installed systems. Project & Deployment Manager JOHNSON & JOHNSON - Athens, GA 2001 to September 2016 Athens, GA Desktop/Network Support II  Responsible for the design, and implementation of WAN/LAN Wireless infrastructure within JNJ and Noramco Inc. Coordinate with vendors on service requirement, hardware configuration, logistic, migration/deployment. Deployment of Companywide communication equipment Installation of Cisco 3750, 3850 switches to the migration of the Cisco 4600 controllers.  In addition to installation of 752 Access Points transmitting IP and RF signal overlap channels and VLAN's    Project & Deployment Manager  • Provide 1st and 2nd Tier support for Dell Desktops, Dell Laptops, HP and Canon multifunction work centers mobile devices within the Johnson & Johnson Network  • Managed and assessed tickets in Ticket Management System built by Information builders to track Maintained knowledgebase and application compatibility list for Windows 10 migration project Maintained equipment location and assignment database Responsible for evaluation and recommendation regarding hardware configuration and software solutions for business improvement Technical Specialist Cisco Anyconnect, ShrewSoft VPN # Virus 2010 to 2013 Support for multiple versions of Microsoft Office products: Office 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016 Pro Plus Support for multiple VPN solutions - Cisco Anyconnect, ShrewSoft VPN # Virus, Malware and Ransomware recovery Remote Control and Support tools - Citrix GoTo Meeting, WebEX  • Technical Specialist was to provide support for various areas of the network including the Server Administration, Remote Desktop Support, Deployment of servers & desktop. Interacting with clients in order to determine their IT requirements, compile technical flow charts with procedures for successful system replacement. Worked closely with vendors on RMA's, installation of failed parts including system boards, Hard drives, displays, Memory etc. Using current knowledge of all Windows operating systems for imaging, Windows 7 deployment, migrating data and active directory, running scripts for printers, mapped drives, troubleshoot applications, setup training rooms, Wi-Fi, inventory assets, itweb-OOB applications, Imprivada tap and go  • Responsible for the maintenance of company equipment, install and support of high speed circuits and VoIP video Conferencing in various company locations  • Provide 24H technical support of (DSL) ISP to the industries, Training of engineering staff with regards to Networking. Installation and preventive maintenance of Telco wiring, circuit testing, Telco dmarc installation. Remote monitoring of all Atlanta, GA accounts complete deployment of newer equipment and system upgrade. Support of VoIP video conferencing installation of CAT5/6 Fiber, Coaxial cabling and fiber.  • Trouble data networks for loss packets, measure signal strength of circuits on properties. Also install and manage phone service (VoIP) including Voice mail to office. Responsibilities were to trace communication circuits, design path and equipment using the TBS. Validating phone circuit order requests against internal control parameters and Local supplier requirements, performing quality checks, creating order. Invoicing verification, creating call routing tables, also training manuals/ flow charts for help desk to reduce time of recovery. Help Desk MCI COMMUNICATION June 1992 to May 2001 Supervision of NOC/Call Center Servers, Switches, Nodes Desktops, Laptops as well as troubleshooting and diagnostics of device failure. Record trouble ticket using Remedy. Responsibility included development of a new department within the company's existing structure, create policies, implement new technology, as well as optimize IS operations. Project developments included Y2K compliance. • Provided On-site/In-house sales and service of Network installations of LAN/WAN systems, Help Desk, remote access, custom configurations, and desktop support. Supervising 67 servers on WAN, Provide maintenance and repair of technological equipment in-house; such equipment incorporates RISC Servers, PBX System, T1 and Token Ring Bridges, Concentrator Hubs, All Console Distribution System and Channel Banks.    Experienced Desktop technician committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge system analyst specializing in object-oriented analysis including specification, installation, and testing of computer systems and Peripherals within established standards and guidelines. Activities require interaction with Application software and operating systems to diagnose and resolve unique, non-recurring Problems. Utilizes one-on-one consultancy to end users Work with little supervision and initiative and judgment. Skills Highly skilled in providing effective technical support in hardware and software issues including diagnosis and troubleshooting In-depth knowledge of performing hardware and software support for Windows Proven record of performing hardware repairs on customer equipment such as desktops, notebooks, tablets, and printers Able to give accurate service to end users Demonstrated ability performing software upgrades and configuration enhancements Thorough understanding of providing preventative maintenance    (2 years 8 months) Provide day to day services to 1500 users in 3 facilities. Remote connect to the user's desktops via PC Anywhere and VNC to resolve their problem in a timely fashion. Using Bridge Track system to track the users request and issue the users tracking numbers for their request. Reload the operating system on the workstations, Windows 95, 98, W2k, XP and W7. Install office suits and custom applications, SMS, Rumba, LANDesk, and RAS. System imaging and deployment, Perform Windows Updates behind Firewall, Change computer name, Perform known software updates, Join the computer to the Domain, Create IP reservation Install technology specific software, Backup the user's documents to reload their workstation. Escalate the problem to the office manager if needed    • PC problem resolution and repair of hardware and software. Repairs included diagnosis and replacement of hardware, monitors, network cards, memory upgrades, tape back-ups, and various other peripherals.  • Purchases of Computers and Software. • Additional responsibilities were to preserve all operator consoles in operative order, in addition to completing site expansion of consoles, phones installation and diagnostics of T1 lines. Perform all training and support functions locally and to our remote sites.  • Responsible for PC, server and process control in the center,  • Coordination and maintenance of systems Data Historian, etc.) Tracking licenses, system backup and recovery.  • Provide technical expertise for quality assurance, evaluation and installation of new IS manufacturing hardware. Configure trunk groups, T1 and assigning DID numbers to users. Ernst & Young in West Palm Beach FL - West Palm Beach, FL 1992 to 1995 FL.  Responsibilities were desktop and network support. Education Bachelor of Science University of Miami Skills CISCO, REMEDY, TCP/IP, LAN/WAN, TCP, WIRELESS, GHOST, SAP, MAINFRAME, LAN, MICROSOFT OFFICE, MICROSOFT WINDOWS, WINDOWS XP, MICROSOFT WINDOWS XP