IT Service Management Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Management Consultant IT Operations Service Manager Houston, TX Results-oriented information technology professional with over  10 years of experience serving a diverse client base. Project  management qualifications combine with demonstrated ability to  develop and implement technical solutions to meet critical business  needs. Outstanding leadership and interpersonal skills resulting in  effective working relationships and top performance among staff. An  excellent communicator between technical and business units who  can translate complex data into easily understood terms.    Project Management & Technology Planning  •Skilled Project Manager with more than 10 years of proven project  implementation success  •Tactical and strategic planning including capital and operational  budgeting in excess of $5M  •Recognized for developing solid IT service recovery and continuity  programs that were successfully implemented during both audit tests  and live system scenarios    Vendor Management & Contract Negotiations  •Outstanding contract procurement and negotiation skills, proven  ability to secure comprehensive, top quality, cost-effective vendor  agreements  •Particularly skilled in managing long term vendor relationships in a  consistent and professional manner    Team Leadership & People Management  •Reputation for building and leading strong, high-performance teams  •Ability to create high team morale and to motivate teams to  consistently meet and exceed corporate and departmental objectives Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Service Management Consultant Lakeshore Technologies - Houston, TX May 2005 to Present Provide professional services to several national consulting agencies over a five year period. Client list includes Doubletree Hotels, NCR, Hewlett Packard,  Brookshire Brother's, Brinker International, JPMorgan Chase, UBS Financial, Sur La Table, Kenneth Cole and Jared Jewelers.    Support the moving of 3200 business critical PC desktops and peripherals for major financial institution as Senior Project Manager.    Recommend several equipment re-purpose campaigns to reduce hardware,  software and operating systems costs.    Develop, planned and tested IT services continuity strategies to minimize  any unexpected services downtime.    Design and implemented real-time data center monitoring system for maximum uptime availability.    Train client technical personnel to utilize a comprehensive service  escalation procedure.    Produce policy and procedure documentation covering several service  management functions and roles.    Reviewe and recommended changes in implementation plans for the deployment of point-of-purchase technology solutions. Project Manager - Technical Operations Simdesk Technologies - Houston, TX December 2003 to March 2005 Originally recruited as a server engineer, rapidly earned the position of project  manager of the technical operations department overseeing global deployment of business applications.    Developed and implemented standardized server platform hardware baseline.    Proposed and acted as technical liaison for scheduled cross functional  department meetings.    Negotiated hardware maintenance agreements for global operations.    Proposed, designed and implemented corporate backup solution including  offsite media storage. IT Operations Manager Service Corporation International - Houston, TX April 1998 to September 2003 Manager of three key operational departments at Fortune 1000 Company.  Multiple global data centers encompassed Windows, Unix, AS/400, Linux and Sun servers, HP and EMC storage devices.    Directed and managed technical and non-technical employees in three  departments with an operational budget of $5M.    Consolidated several DAS and stand-alone SAN servers into centralized SAN/  NAS environment.    Initiated and managed IT projects from conception through closeout, including  ask assignments, resource utilization, budgetary requests, problem escalation and resolution, documentation and change control management.    Acted as key interface between various IT departments, developers, service  groups, corporate users and field end users to develop, test, roll out and support new applications and technologies.    Formulated a service delivery strategy to raise services availability up time to over 99.9%. Education Certificate Southern Methodist University 1998 to 2002 Business Administration University of Houston - Houston, TX 1983 to 1989 Culver Military Academy - Culver, IN June 1978 to July 1980 Skills Itil, Documentation, Software documentation, Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Network Administration Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/kirtspeet?jobid=1234&lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume%3Bz5JDExL%2BQo%2BieYGWTgdQxA%3D%3D&licu=urn%3Ali%3Acontrol%3Ad_jobs_easyapply_pdfgenresume-v02_profile Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/pj02nibzzprbgap7 Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/bgrhahrm99bm-h8w Data Analysis — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's skill in interpreting and producing graphs, identifying trends, and drawing justifiable conclusions from data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ceu3fq2wrgcozir8 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Service management  Servers  ITIL  Software Documentation