IT PROJECT MANAGER <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> IT PROJECT MANAGER - CONNECTED CARE Anaheim, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT PROJECT MANAGER CONNECTED CARE - Newport Beach, CA December 2018 to Present Under the direction of the CEO and COO responsible for leading and delivering strategic, transformational initiatives to turn an under-performing Medicare Advantage health plan into a customer focused, technology driven 5-star health plan.  . Project implementations include SAP B1(Finance), business process documentation, workflow remediation planning  and implementation, document management solution (M Files), learning management platform (Litmos), ad-hoc  facilities and operational projects.  . Promote and maintain cordial relations while managing multiple and shifting priorities in a dynamic environment. Key  liaison between the organization and its vendors/business partners for contract negotiation, statements of work, invoicing. Working with contractors and off shore team to purchase, install and configure IT hardware/software.  . Using a waterfall methodology responsible for developing and maintaining project documentation including project  charters, work break down structures, project plans and status reports  ST. JOSEPH HEALTH SYSTEMS, ANAHEIM, CA - A leading Catholic healthcare organization delivering  award winning care in California and Texas. IT PROJECT MANAGER February 2015 to December 2018 Assisted with the expansion of the telehealth program by ramping up recruitment and training of physicians and clinical  staff. Identified provider concerns and developed solutions. Maintained relationship with providers and served as subject  matter expert. Collaborated to implement new strategies to expand services, develop program goals and metrics.  . Led projects across four Home Health/Hospice agencies. Projects included operationalizing Title 22 Nursing license  for the Personal Care division, transitioning Palliative Care program from home health to a newly developed model  under hospice; centralized OASIS quality function across agencies, resulting in improved the star ratings; relocated three  agencies to new premises. Project scope covered working with local and State agencies (CDPH/CMS) to obtain  approvals and license, prepping for surveys, developing staffing and care models, creating and communicating new  workflows, recruitment, contracting with payers, patient transition, serving as the liaison between leadership and between teams within and outside of the organization, documentation updates.  . Successfully deployed a SaaS Electronic Medical Records application (Kinnser Software) at three agencies. Managed  project from requirements gathering, vendor selection, contract negotiation/signing, training, implementation and post  go-live stabilization. Coordinated customer efforts to develop processes, workflows and requirements. Engaged with stakeholders to ensure buy-in. Managed vendor and internal project resources to drive project milestones and overall  project execution. Agencies maintained productivity in the months following the transition.  . Joined a maxed-out operations team to facilitate the opening of 4 wellness centers using project management  methodology. Liaised with leadership to plan IT initiatives to increase productivity, reduce margins of error and halt reinventing  of the wheel. Developed standard work documentation, Operations Manual and a web-based scheduling tool. Established trust- based relationships, during a period of high staff turnover.  SOCLE EDUCATION, SANTA ANA, CA - Provider of software as a service (SaaS) for college financial  aid management IT PROJECT MANAGER May 2014 to January 2015 Effectively managed project to develop a custom-built financial aid application tool by moving product features through the software development life cycle. Identified ineffective approaches and used interpersonal and organizational skills  to integrated Business and IT work streams to reduce response times and deploy software IT PROGRAM COORDINATOR August 2012 to February 2014 Managed program plan of 4 projects to transition 14 local data centers to a centralized Cloud server solution, covering  data center build, Wide Area Network optimization, application migration, disaster recovery. Facilitated a collaborative  environment with cross functional teams including IT technicians, Citrix engineers, vendors and clinicians.  . Coordinated project activities to operationalize a Clinical/Patient Portal (design and build, UAT, Training, Go-live)  . Served as Command Center Captain during the data center Go-lives, created resource and schedule plans, escalated, monitored and documented issues during go-lives CO-OWNER NUTTY BUT NICE - Anaheim, CA October 2011 to August 2012 Launched "Nutty But Nice" a start-up small business to sell a homemade Almond dip, with my best friend.  . Developed a conscientious vision with a simple, all natural, local sourcing strategy  . Conducted competitor analysis and refined product placement in specialty grocery stores and Farmer's markets.  . Performed cost and price analysis. Met with buyers and organized product demos  . Contracted local and off-shore vendors providing technical support for web design, logo    A DDITIONAL E XPERIENCE ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT .LEASING MANAGER .LEASING COORDINATOR FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL CORPORATION - Santa Ana, CA September 2001 to June 2011 SANTA ANA, CA - A leading provider of title insurance and settlement services to the Mortgage industry, headquartered in Orange County  ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT .LEASING MANAGER .LEASING COORDINATOR - 09/2001 - 06/2011 Education BACHELOR'S DEGREE IN BUSINESS MANAGEMENT in SERVICE MANAGEMENT University of Westminster - London December 2010 to Present MASTER DEGREE IN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND MANAGEMENT in PROJECT MANAGEMENT University of California - Irvine, CA Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cheryllarson1 Additional Information . Enterprise Level Thinking. Project Management Methodology  . Operations & Process Improvement. Client Relationships Skills  . Stakeholder Management & Communication. Cost and Vendor Management  . Service Oriented Management. Financial and Business Analysis