IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Washington Gas and Light Reston, VA Technical project manager with experience in data center operations, infrastructure composition and delivery, application deployments, and cloud migrations. Additional experience in streamlining project processes and IT operations through strategic assessment. Known for a strong focus on delivery and motivating individuals and teams to work more effectively together. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Washington Gas - Tysons, VA April 2018 to Present ·    Determine strategic direction and participate in decision making to migrate entire datacenter to AWS.   ·      Save $400,000 annually by decreasing operating budget, reconstructing and negotiating new contract with an enterprise technology solutions provider.  ·      Lead successful build out of several new facilities, including installation of circuits, purchasing hardware and implementation of network infrastructure.   ·      Manage multiple IT projects simultaneously; oversee infrastructure, security, network and end user service leads; help to implement and deliver projects on time.  ·      Communicate daily with clients, highly technical staff, and functional leads while prioritizing each group’s work and resolving concerns.   ·      Analyze and understand company’s business needs from both a functional and technical perspective.  ·      Software tools used: Share Point, Microsoft Project, Visio IT Project Manager Atlantic Metro - Herndon, VA August 2017 to April 2018 ·      Supported full life cycle of multiple projects including requirements gathering, creation of the design and schedules, obtain and manage resources, facilitating project execution, deployment and maintenance.  ·      Leaded project teams composed of cross-functional representation from multiple business units.  ·      Studied and analyze stakeholder’s requirements to provide integrated, enterprise level technology solution that helps lower operating cost and provide crucial technology infrastructure.  ·      Coordinated cross-functional meetings with internal teams and vendors to meet overall stakeholder expectations and company’s objectives.  ·      Conducted organizational research for projects focused on defining processes across sales, billing and technical teams.  ·      Responded to execution issues and information requests within define areas of responsibility while progressing on project work.  Software tools used: Uberthmith, Kanbanize, Confluence, MS Suite Business Analyst September 2015 to August 2017 • Coordinated and facilitated meetings with clients and IT experts to gather and document requirements and explore potential solutions; communicated these requirements to clients and technical leads by constructing conceptual data and process models.  • Coordinated User Acceptance Testing (UAT). Assisted in analyzing testing results throughout the project, producing release notes and drafting software manual.  • Preparing training plan and documentation for the end user and participating in training of the personnel.  • Participated in transferring data from database to developed software.  • Managed requirements throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • Prepared User Guides and Manuals to facilitate user's interaction with the system and managed various post-production efforts such as enhancements and application support.  • Exposure to software tools such as cPanel, AWS Console, VMware, R1Soft, Nagios, Cacti, Kayako, Hight Orbit, Redmine, Wikipedia Systems Administrator/Technical Support March 2015 to August 2015 • Helped dedicated hosting and server co-location customers by assisting with installation and configuration of operating systems.  • Provided system administration support for Unix systems including server and workstation upgrades, backup and disaster recovery monitoring, user account set up and security administration.  • Supported customers with domain registrations, DNS services, and web hosting and email accounts maintenance.  • Identified and resolve virus outbreak for various accounts by isolation and removal of malicious files from systems.  • Provided hands on support with hardware, software and network troubleshooting as well as server provisioning and decommissioning within the data center.  • Prepared and review technical documentation of various internal system issues and note possible solutions for internal use.  • Experience programming in languages such as Python, HTML, CSS and Bash, SQL, MySQL and working with Unix and Windows. Assistant Manager/ Server Capital Restaurant Group April 2004 to October 2013 • Assisted managers with all daily operations of the store and responded to employee and customer concerns.  • Supervised staff of 30+ employees, included staff training, scheduling and semi-annual performance evaluation.  • Conducted daily pre-shift and weekly departmental meetings to ensure organizational efficiency.  • Set budgets and executed plans for department sales goals, inventory management and staff development.  • Analyzed and planed restaurant sales; organized marketing events and created promotional plans.  • Developed marketing campaigns to increase visibility of the restaurant: analyzed market demographics, defined the target market, and determined advertisement placement. Business Manager Five Star Towing and Recovery - Capitol Heights, MD January 2005 to May 2010 • Developed and build business from start up and achieved annual profit goals each year.  • Performed business planning, financial analysis and developed forecast revenue and expenditure.  • Partnered with AAA and various shops in order to grow company's service territory.  • Prepared annual financial reports; managed account payable, account receivable, monitored and recorded expenses; coordinated monthly payroll functions for employees.  • Documented all services and activities in accordance with appropriate standard and business practices in order to maintain stable procedure along the business development and success. Education Associate of Science in Network Systems Administration Prince George's Community College 2014 Bachelor of Science in Accounting Towson University 2011 Bachelor of Science in International Business Economics Kuban Institute of International Entrepreneurship and Management 2002 Skills SDLC, PM, Waterfall, Project Management, Information Technology, CSM, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses Scrum Master