Senior Project Manager; IT Service Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> Manager; <span class="hl">IT</span> Service <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager; IT Service Manager - Multiservice Technology Solutions Overland Park, KS • High-performing information-technology professional with 20+ years of experience in project lifecycle management from conception to completion  • Proven achiever who is committed to aligning technology and business to generate cost-effective solutions and deliver multiple, mission-critical, multimillion-dollar projects on time and within budget for your organization  • Skilled manager who avoids scope-creep by balancing business and technology needs with realistic and common sense planning while leading projects to successful completion that exceeds expectation.  • Experienced leader/mentor who motivates and builds cohesive, high performance teams while finding ways to have fun with the work  • Optimistic, imaginative, hard-working self-starter cited by client management for exceptional multitasking ability Work Experience Senior Project Manager; IT Service Manager Multiservice Technology Solutions - Overland Park, KS 2015 to Present • Took over a newly created IT Project Manager role creating new processes and streamlining existing ones  • Built new relationships between infrastructure teams and the rest of the company  • Led creation of disaster recovery plan and environment. Drove creation of an improved and functional disaster recovery environment  • Directed business units in creation of Business Continuity Plans that had never been done  • Created company-first Disaster Recovery Plan  • Managed programs and projects  • Part of the ITSM team implementing ITIL best practices  • ITSM CSI Manager, Major Incident Manager, Problem Manager, Change Manager  • Helped create data center rules and processes  • Part of team delivering Cherwell to manage incidents and requests.  • Led report and dashboard development in Cherwell Contractor/Consultant Lenexa, KS 2006 to 2015 • Built a reputation as a trouble-shooting project manager, repeatedly taking critical, at-risk projects and bringing them to a successful conclusion  • Managed Data Center projects for both Cingular and Boeing. Both had power restrictions in the Seattle area and had to pull something out of the data center in order to put something new in.  • At Cingular, I created a process and MS Project tool to help Project Managers understand hardware and data center team needs and durations for delivering environment builds and changes.  • Helped improve data center operation by managing hardware vendors to hit delivery targets  • Helped multiple companies improve processes and communications between teams  • Often filled other roles to help clients and their projects including Business Analyst, Development Manager, Release Manager, and Test Manager  • Managed programs and projects  • Managed VM server effort to standardize process for maintaining capacity to streamline process for adding servers  • Client companies include:  ? Boeing  ? Cingular/AT&T  ? Disney  ? CenturyLink  ? Honeywell/Department of Energy  ? USDA  ? UMB Project Manager/Developer Sprint - Overland Park, KS 1999 to 2006 • Won patent for Sprint as part of small programming team  • Managed a key project that created a new business unit within Sprint that was contractually obligated to a very aggressive schedule and delivered on time and within budget  • Managed a critical SWAT team to respond to hacking events reporting daily to executive management  • Mentored and trained other Project Managers  • Managed projects ranging in cost from $5,000 to $50 Million  • Managed multiple projects at the same time, at one point 22 concurrent projects  • Moved to Enterprise management team for infrastructure projects. Became go-to PM for emergency projects involving hardware and data center teams.  • Managed move of major Boston data center to new Lee's Summit DC. Also, became PM for effort to shut down all non-standard data centers in use around company. Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration Baker University - Overland Park, KS Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems DeVry University - Kansas City, MO Skills Itil, Full life cycle, Life cycle, Best practices, Budgeting, Risk management, Vendor management, Strategic planning, Integration, Quality assurance, Team building, Mentoring Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE/CORE COMPETENCIES  • Strategic Planning/Budgeting  • Project Management  • ITIL  • Full Life Cycle  • Strategic Alliances/Negotiations  • Business Integration  • Quality Assurance  • Productivity Improvement  • Cost Savings  • Resource Planning and Allocation  • Process and Procedure Redesign  • Customer Solutions  • Vendor Management  • Project Risk Management  • Standards and Best Practices  • Team Building/Mentoring  • Presentations