Consultant, Development Consultant, Development Consultant, Development - Build 'N Serve Internet Services Detroit, MI Work Experience Consultant, Development Build 'N Serve Internet Services - Bristol, CT February 2019 to Present Join the team to help developers with sales, designs, workflows, and to meet company goals.  • Add to the team by achieving detailed results such as planned sales presentation for clients.  • I am keeping up technical knowledge by attending AWS training, reviewing videos, and contacting colleagues about the latest technologies.  • I Promote information technology tactics, methods, and styles by assessing organization consequences, identifying problems, appraising trends, and anticipating conditions.  • Improved methodologies by administering system reviews of technologies implemented.  • I concluded projects by organizing resources and timetables with teams by communicating the goals of the organization.  • Achieve results by communicating project expectations; planning, monitoring and appraising job results; coaching, counseling, and evaluating team members.  • Advance the team by hiring, choosing, adapting, and training team members and developing personal growth opportunities for each member. Professional Services Consultant EFI Pace - Jacksonville, FL April 2014 to February 2019 Recruited to improve technology infrastructure by upgrading systems, reporting tools, and integrating applications with customer's hardware and software.  • I carried our projects to meet company goals and expectation.  • Improved customer relations by changing and creating processes that reduce turn times, motivate and train employees, upgrading tools and technologies, improving project management, and instilling accountability  • Worked on-site to train employees on the use of new systems and processes.  • Supported teams on integration projects where I helped train, manage, and test the implementation of the final service.  • Produced reports for the customer to understand their business.  • Planned projects and estimates to meet company goals and expectations  • Oversaw the purchase of new servers and equipment to modernize IT infrastructure  • Planned improved IT infrastructure.  • Enhanced customer relations by changing and creating processes that are reducing turn times motivating and training employees, upgrading tools and technologies, improving project management, and instilling accountability  • Lead team on an integration project where I helped design, develop, code, test, and the implementation of the final service. (OneSource, Salesforce, Oracle, and Custom systems)  • Developed several eservice portals using PHP, HTML, XML, and JavaScript for customers to access information from project tracking to invoicing. IT Project Manager Beck Atlanta LLC - Atlanta, GA October 2004 to June 2013 Promoted for taking on more responsibility, including Researching, Negotiating, Purchasing, Planning, Implementation, and Management of everything IT. (i.e., servers, workstations, data storage, backup, networks, software, systems, telecommunications)    • Designed, developed, and implemented an IT infrastructure that is flexible, modular and dynamic, allowing for cost-efficient growth and change of the company  • Reduced overall IT infrastructure and subsequent support costs, while improving and expanding electronic services for company and clients.  • Created a growing company Intranet using a variety of freely available tools and scripts, to provide quick access to company services and information.  • Reduced operational costs by consolidating purchasing and licensing of software and hardware.  • Develop proposals and cost estimates for related technical projects for clients.  • I implemented the setup and administration of company CRM (SalesForce.com) and MIS (ePace).  • I negotiated the purchase of new server equipment for company MIS system.  • Introduced project management methodologies to company executives for better planning and organizing company goals.    Technical Administrator  Managed daily maintenance of employee computer systems and servers, as well as research and purchasing of software and minor hardware items.  • Attended an intensive weeklong training session on maintaining our new in-house server systems, resulting in reduced ongoing operational and outsourcing costs.  • Installed battery backup systems on all workstations, servers, and telecommunications equipment to ensure the safety of hardware and data.  • Responsible for daily maintenance and support of all workstations, copiers, printers, and servers.  • I maintained an up-to-date inventory of all company hardware and software.  • Responsible for troubleshooting all hardware, software, email, network, home computers/printers, production font/file issues, and DAM.  • Created custom reports for the company for the ePace MIS. Web Developer NovaTech Inc - Southfield, MI June 2001 to March 2003 Instrumental in the growth of a small web hosting and design company offering Internet access, email services, web design, web hosting, information kiosks, and custom database development.  • Responsible for site development, updates, revisions, hosting, evaluation, recommendations, database integration, and general maintenance using HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, and Adobe Flash.  • Worked directly with clients and website designers to ensure the client's requirements were technically feasible and design workable.  • Conducted quality assurance testing and guaranteed sites were thoroughly consistent, in look, navigation, and flow.  • Helped redesign and consolidate many related, but separate web sites.  • Responsible for network security, user management, installation of routers, firewalls, and network hardware.  • Managed and Trained four new staff members in database and web site updates, and other office tasks  • Trained employees and clients to better understand areas of the Internet (www, FTP, email), web editing, information management, and to utilize the available network resources.    PROFICIENCES  Fully skilled with most major software packages, operating systems, and hardware. Education Project Management Keller University - Atlanta, GA 2011 MBA Keller University - Atlanta, GA 2010 B.A. in Telecommunications Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI 2003 Skills Content management, Design/development, System administration, Product management, Database administration, Database, Web content management, Change management, Customer relations, Budget, Vendor management, Program management, Risk management, Forecasting, Business analysis, Workflow, Team building, Outlook, Maintenance, Word, Scheduling Additional Information Areas of Expertise:    • IT Strategy and Planning  • System Design/Development  • Process/Workflow Redesign  • Vendor Management  • Quality Management  • Project Management  • Product Management  • Program Management  • System Administration  • Database Administration  • Customer Relations  • Risk Management  • Budget and Forecasting  • Business Analysis  • Team Building & Leadership  • Executive Presentations  • Web Content Management  • Process Change Management