Sr. Manager, PMO Sr. <span class="hl">Manager</span>, PMO Sr. Manager, PMO - Panasonic Toms River, NJ Analytical, innovative, and results-oriented Senior Project Manager with demonstrated, hands-on experience. Adept at communicating stakeholder requirements, creating strategic and tactical direction with an eye on minimum investment and realistic solutions. Expertly plan and coordinate detailed tasks within quality standards, established deadlines, and budgetary requirements. Work Experience Sr. Manager, PMO Panasonic - Newark, NJ 2018 to Present Led Project Management Office team and managed portfolio of company-wide projects and programs; evolved PMO processes, tools, metrics and policies to drive team productivity, project delivery quality and business success.  • Developed and implemented an Agile framework; coached and mentored project managers in the adoption and adherence of SCRUM methodologies and project governance.  • Organized, managed, led a team of Project Managers responsible for working with the business to ensure successful project delivery and program execution.  • Partnered with business units to analyze, recommend and implement solutions based on company's strategic goals and objectives.  • Proactively identified and reported on challenges and barriers posing a threat to successful completion of programs, as well as a recommended plan for correction.  • Worked with cross functional teams (technology, business and operations) to manage multiple projects with conflicting needs and priorities from concept to completion.  • Communicated clearly and efficiently to all stakeholders, delivering good and/or bad news, early and often, to promote proactive actions.  • Designed and implemented a set of metrics which allowed the team to measure progress across projects and programs; using tools and dash boarding. VP, IT CIT Group - Livingston, NJ 2010 to 2018 Led cross-functional teams responsible for delivery of custom programs and infrastructure solutions; including management of the complete project lifecycle from requirements gathering to successful execution.  • Spearheaded the planning and implementation of approved business projects, facilitating and leading cross-functional teams, raising/resolving issues, using Waterfall and Agile methodologies.  • Project managed a data center migration of all leasing and accounts receivables systems to two co-locations; verifying readiness of infrastructure; coordinating all move participants, resources, consultants and vendors; managing verification, planning, UAT testing and migration.  • Created project plans based on approved charters, tracked key milestones, adjusted project plans, handled budget requests, and tracked resources to meet business unit needs.  • Spearheaded the consolidation of two leasing portfolios; managing technical complexities and keeping all stakeholders engaged and fully informed.  • Project managed the retirement of non-supported technologies; communication and coordination, along with the sun-setting of all legacy infrastructure. Director, IT Edison-Learning, Inc 2003 to 2010 Managed and delivered enterprise-wide projects on time and within budget, while communicating to project stakeholders of project(s) progress, risks, and roadblocks.  • Recruited, mentored and managed project team members to ensure successful completion of projects.  • Project managed company-wide email platform migration from Netscape to Exchange.  • Managed project scope changes, identified risks, and collaborated with stakeholders to develop contingency plans and deliver solutions.  • Spearheaded an operating system platform upgrade of 220 servers distributed across 23 states; upgrading from Windows 2000 to 2008.  • Successfully managed vendor relationships; while directing and supervising consultants, keeping team focused on successful project delivery.  • Partnered with cross functional teams to document and implement processes critical to internal controls and company objectives.  • Reviewed, and managed vendor contracts and statements of work. Senior Project Manager Edison-Learning, Inc - New York, NY 2000 to 2003 Oversaw policy and procedure development and documentation with emphasis on situation analysis, process improvement, and automation enhancement.  • Project managed Windows server upgrade from NT 4.0 to Windows 2000.  • Developed and documented standard operating procedures for all technicians responsible for managing Windows OS platforms.  • Supervised team responsible for deploying infrastructure and technical solutions nationwide.  • Managed IT assets and procurement functions to ensure effective and efficient use of resources.  • Developed and conducted technical training for IT teams throughout the US. Project Manager American Arbitration Association - New York, NY 1998 to 2000 Managed deployment of services and products for Marketing and Call Center teams.  • Reorganized call center operational structure and staff, improving call resolution from 14 days to less than five days by developing new staff training and establishing new SLA thresholds.  • Developed and conducted service training workshops for service desk personnel and company-wide administrative staff.  • Project managed marketing campaign initiatives. Education MBA in Management/Computer Information Systems Bernard M. Baruch College - New York, NY BBA in Management/Psychology Bernard M. Baruch College - New York, NY Skills ITIL, MICROSOFT PROJECT, MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT, SHAREPOINT, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, PMP, Program Management, Powerpoint, Excel, Manual Testing, Project Management, Macro Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/dlrmike/ Certifications/Licenses PMP March 2018 to March 2021 Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License