Personal Consultant, IT Personal Consultant, <span class="hl">IT</span> Personal Consultant, IT, Assistant, Management Covina, CA Work Experience Personal Consultant, IT Ann P. Kaganoff, PhD., BCET - Irvine, CA December 2018 to Present • IT Support - Answering any questions relating to computers, programs, cellphones, and software's  • Teaching Ann how to utilize new software's, tools which helps Ann to become more efficient in marketing, and publishing her books  • Entrusted to both confidential and sensitive data Personal Assistant, Project manager, IT Rachel Kaganoff Stern - SoCal Stern - Los Angeles, CA December 2017 to Present • Manage and maintain projects at multiple properties  • Coordinate with both vendors, and contractors to ensure completion of household projects  • Organize, data entry, and maintain household office  • Entrusted to both confidential and sensitive data  • Troubleshoot and solve any computer, network related issues  • Help manage a wide range of responsibilities that allowed Rachel more time for family activities, traveling, and her role of being President for the JSA (Junior State of America) Owner JL Investment & Consulting - Charter Oak, CA November 2011 to Present Product Order, Inventory, Customer Service, Sales Representative, Book Keeper  • Provide sales support to local and online customers for Ecommerce Store.  • Balanced business books.  • Market research into new aftermarket parts, and opportunities  • Maintain customer data base for sales communication  • Building social media platform on both Facebook and online forums.  • Act as an administrator and moderator for groups/forums.  • Provide 24/7 E-mail and daily phone support.  • Maintained both sales and refundable products.  • Plan events for both customers and potential customers to get together Project management Raiden Technology - La Puente, CA October 2006 to August 2012 La Puente, CA Oct 2006 - Aug 2012  • Marketing and Public Relations  • Assisted on figuring out new ways on creating a sales effective front page  • Analyzed consumers shopping habits from company sites.  • Project management for all on-going market research.  • Assisted new corporate travel implementations and act as a go to person for all questions.  • Built client and maintained customer relationships.  • Provided financial analyses, created project/financial reports, and supported management in special  projects or requests.  • Gathered, documented; analyzed consumer market.  • Assisted in planning corporate events and trade show events researching new vendors  • Assisted in figuring out effective product descriptions for consumers. Education AA in Criminal Justice in Real Estate East Los Angeles College - Monterey Park, CA 2015 Business Pasadena City College - Pasadena, CA 2011 Skills Ms office, Problem solver Assessments Technical Support — Familiar August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/iidbgaut6iedz2ue Problem Solving — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/rx5a76uqqhx8bv3z Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  • Computer building; Website building; OS installation  • Programming e-commerce shopping carts and customization  • Advance level in MS Office programs  • Problem solver  • Fluent in Chinese: Cantonese, can understand, and speak minimal mandarin