Agile Coach/Transformation Lead Consultant - IT Security Agile Coach/Transformation Lead Consultant - <span class="hl">IT</span> Security Scrum/Agile Coach/Transformation Consultant Houston, TX • 13 + years of IT experience, with 7+ years' experience as a Scrum Master. Scrum Master for multiple scrum teams  • CSM Certification and experience with Agile tools  • Proficiently organized and facilitated daily scrum, sprint reviews, retrospectives, sprint and release planning  • Collaborated closely with product owner on backlog grooming to keep product backlog relevant and prioritized, ensuring acceptance criteria were agreed upon and stories were ready for sizing.  • Effectively tracked teams' progress including burn down, velocity and release forecasting Work Experience Agile Coach/Transformation Lead Consultant - IT Security Secutor Consulting - TX July 2016 to Present Responsible for defining the Enterprise Agile transformation strategy for onshore and offshore teams. Responsible for requirements, product management and development team management.  • Provided highly iterative training and coaching in Agile Development principles and practices to team members such as: Data Managers, Product Owners, Developers, Architects and stakeholders.  • Responsible for oversight of the entire project lifecycle form project initiation to implementation for high priority project teams with significant complexity and/or impact.  • Responsible for planning and executing project work activities in accordance with client requirements, schedule and budget. Drive continuous improvements for the delivery teams.  • Facilitated project teams to resolve impediments, build culture of openness and collaboration.  • Coordinate project activities across agile teams, supporting the Product Owner and Program Manager with agile tool set, project support and priority gathering.  • Coach team members and project partners in agile standard methodologies to realize fullest potential delivery.  • Create and maintain project documentation including Project Charter, Project Plan, Project Schedule and Status Reports.  • Drive the development of product roadmap and guide the agile teams to develop the roadmap and execute sprint planning Agile Project Manager/Scrum Master/ Agile Coach Pacific Drilling - Houston, TX March 2010 to May 2016 Organized and facilitated overall Release and Sprint planning - including daily stand-ups, reviews/demos and retrospectives  • Scrum Master for three products and three separate cross-site teams, identified process changes required to accelerate development and remove major impediments. In five weeks, reduced time to ship by approximately 35%. To achieve these results, updated group's processes to conform to Agile Scrum standards.  • Provided Agile expertise and coached new practitioners. Provided Agile Team Workshop training/classes.  • Drive the development of product roadmap and guide the agile teams to develop the roadmap and execute sprint planning  • Defined business, product and marketing strategies, write user stories and identify release candidates and improve development processes  • Coached current team and other teams to deliver all projects using Agile Methodology.  • Empower the team to make system and process improvements captured in sprint retrospective meetings  • Part of the Enterprise team to evaluate and select a Project Management tool to use for Agile Methodology Scrum Master/ IT Project Manager Halliburton - Houston, TX May 2007 to February 2010 Facilitated Enterprise release planning across teams, business and product organizations as well as offshore teams  • Organized and facilitated Scrum ceremonies meetings, Sprint planning, daily stand-ups, reviews, retrospectives, release planning, Product and sprint backlog grooming and Sprint demos.  • Completed each release on schedule with full scope and spare capacity in buffer iteration by holding daily standup meetings and tracking burndown and quality metrics  • Tracked and communicated team velocity, sprint progress and daily burn down charts. Explaining Scrum principles to product owner and team.  • Identified the training programs for the team members, while coaching and mentoring team members to develop agile capabilities self-organization  • Guide the teams to develop the roadmap and execute sprint planning  • Planned for capability development identifying training initiatives needed across multiple teams and organize for the same  • Coach and mentor the client product owner and stakeholders on the process methodology acceptance criteria use case  • Delivered hands-on coaching to tech leads, developers and testers on how to estimate story points, break down stories into tasks and keep track of their hours in Team Foundation Server Education Bachelor of Science degree in Economics University of Houston - Houston, TX Skills Product management, Saas, Sharepoint, Erp, Etl, Hana, Ms project, Application software, Html, Visio, Crm, Sap, Oracle, Sql, Sdlc, Itil, Jira, Rdbms, Minitab, Onboarding, Agile Scrum, CSM, Lean, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Transformation, Scrum, Jquery Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) September 2017 to Present Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Present Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  * Project/Product Management * Agile/Scrum Methodologies * Project Status  * Strategic Planning * Project Budgeting * Documentation Skills  * Technical Skills * Process Improvement * Prioritizing/Multitasking    TECHNICAL SKILLS  ERP-SAP/Oracle: SAP FICO, SAP BW, SAP ECC6, S/4 HANA, SAP Success Factors (Onboarding and Recruiting), Oracle RDBMS  ETL Other Tools: Jira, SharePoint (Admin & User), Triaster, ITIL, Agile, SDLC, and Salesforce Admin  Application Software: MS Project, MS Project and Project Server, MS Excel, MS Visio, MS Word  Testing Tools: HP ALM  Process Improvement: Solution Architect, Business Analysis, Process Approach, Black Belt Lean Six Sigma, Minitab, and SigmaXL.  Programming Languages: VB, SQL, and HTML.  CRM/Cloud Commerce: Salesforce, Lightning Force, SaaS  Financial: SAP FICO, Thinkorswim, QuickBooks