IT Director <span class="hl">IT</span> Director IT Director - Star Tribune IT leader responsible for IT strategy, departmental staffing, operational expenses, service desk, and  capital budgeting. Leader of multiple internal teams of technologists across a wide breadth of overall  technology areas. Driven to streamline using Agile and Lean IT across the department and create high  functioning teams. Develop long term vision and strategy for IT across the enterprise. Improve day-to-day  operations and drive high availability and scalable infrastructure for growth. Manage multiple large-scale  projects for a 24x7x365 operation. Consultative leader working with other business units to recommend,  implement, and support new technology solutions. IT experience in highly regulated industries of banking  and healthcare.  Featured Skills  Team Leadership / IT Strategic Planning / Financial Capital and Operating Budgeting / Enterprise Project  Management / IT Security / Agile / Lean IT Work Experience IT Director Star Tribune - Minneapolis, MN 2019 to Present In role promotion to IT Director continuing in leadership of implementation, administration, and security of IT architecture. Leading the teams of infrastructure, network, security, workstation, and mobile. Highly  visible role, reporting directly to VP of Information Technology (highest ranking IT executive) responsible for leading service delivery to all internal business units. Consultative role partnering with senior company  leaders to develop technology tools applicable to variety of BU-specific processes. Accountable for  leadership and project management of new company initiatives from inception to completion. This  includes managing project scope, teams, budget, design, and delivery. Responsible for development of department budget, including forecasting capital planning expenditures that directly affect the enterprise-  wide budget.  Major Initiatives:  Cloud Security  Cloud Planning  Workload Automation IT Manager Star Tribune - Minneapolis, MN 2015 to 2019 Leadership of implementation, administration, and security of IT architecture. Leading the teams of infrastructure, network, security, workstation, and mobile. Highly visible role, reporting directly to VP of  Information Technology (highest ranking IT executive) responsible for leading service delivery to all  internal business units. Consultative role partnering with senior company leaders to develop technology  tools applicable to variety of BU-specific processes. Accountable for leadership and project management  of new company initiatives from inception to completion. This includes managing project scope, teams, budget, design, and delivery. Responsible for development of department budget, including forecasting  capital planning expenditures that directly affect the enterprise-wide budget.    Major Initiatives:  Office 365 Project Management and Implementation.  Initiated and led O365 implementation. Negotiated pricing and licenses with Microsoft. Sold senior VPs on new direction. Decommissioned 90% of Microsoft support platform servers. Reduced onsite workload and  enabled a work from anywhere workforce.    Department Portfolio/ Project Management  Established and led project management initiatives that included modernization of application systems, hardening of networks, replacement of two data centers, and final completion of virtualization of all  systems. Using the Agile methodology to quickly change with departmental needs to deliver the solutions  quickly and on budget. Focusing on deployment and monitoring by use of code and automated systems.    Enterprise Security Posture  Chosen by VP to ensure PCI compliance standards were met. Built out internal security practice, oversaw  all processes, and implemented products and audits which sustain a high level of security.  Automation and Process Standardization  Enabled 400% increase in work output by engineering an improved automation and standardization  process for establishing workstations. Drove teams to reduce touch points on deployment of technology and use of code in order to reduce defects. Consistent approach aligning with Lean IT to eliminate waste  in processes. PowerShell and Python scripting lead to major decreases in touch points for workload. IT Project Manager, Enterprise PMO Asset Lifecycle Management - Minneapolis, MN 2014 to 2015 Facilitated and led cross-functional teams in the implementation of enterprise projects, directed resources  and tasks, built project requirements and managed project communication. Managed project schedules, resources, milestones, issues, and stakeholder communications. Assessed risk and developed  contingency plans. Led and managed changes to the scope of the project. Planned, deployed, and managed testing efforts for projects.    Project Achievements:  Paper to digital document conversion (Complete conversion of all legal and human resources records)  Implemented OSHA compliant SDS program; determined what to buy and successfully instituted it.  In collaboration with peer, successfully moved entire corporate headquarters from one building to another, including technology infrastructure on time, on budget. CEO valued how easy it was for end  users. Lead Technology Analyst Target Corporation - Minneapolis, MN 2012 to 2014 Responsible for all aspects of IT projects including assembling project plans and teamwork assignments, monitoring work efforts, identifying resource needs, performing quality review; and escalating issues  appropriately. Oversaw all development and execution of IT audit projects that lead to identification of technology risks, financial risks, and areas of control improvements. Drove the scoping, planning and  reporting of audits. Systems Engineer Total Networx - Burnsville, MN 2010 to 2012 Member of Total Networx team focused on fulfilling national banking institution and hospital client's  needs, including traveling to sites. Primary responsibilities centered on advisory on systems, defining  objectives for new projects, compiling and presenting information, and implementing new systems.  Specialty within these controls was security and protection of assets and configuration complimenting the core bank system. Routinely worked with non-technical clients to outline business needs and select  solution for client. Information Technology Administrator First Commercial Bank - Bloomington, MN 2005 to 2010 Researched, planned, and implemented variety of IT systems to modernize entire technology structure of the bank. Created controls and procedures to keep in compliance with State, Federal, and FDIC  guidelines for financial institutions, including various IT audits of banks systems. Computer Engineer Harley Davidson Motor Company - Milwaukee, WI 2005 to 2005 Intern tasked with server configuration, configuring network systems, and general upkeep of 400+  servers. Trained in variety of IT management software applications. Extensive training in wiring and architecture layout for a large corporate environment with 17,000+ users. Education Master of Business Administration in Finance and Management Augsburg College - Minneapolis, MN Bachelor of Arts in Business in Finance Augsburg College - Minneapolis, MN Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/anthonywagner