Project Controls <span class="hl">Project</span> Controls Lake Charles, LA "If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you." ~Zig Ziglar    I am an eager learner and an active listener. I constantly challenge myself  to expand my horizons and build upon the core values of integrity,  fairness, competence, teamwork, effectiveness, and accountability. Work Experience Project Controls Apache Industrial Services - Sulphur, LA December 2018 to Present • Developed a web application, utilized by the client and all subcontractors, to provide test package data for +10,000 spool pieces.   Provide progress tracking, reporting, and forecasting of field installation based off isometric drawings, P&IDs, and 3D Navisworks models. Office Manager & Project Coordinator Greenberry Industrial - Sulphur, LA March 2015 to November 2018 • Planned, estimated, scheduled, and executed a $3 million lump sum turnaround, which was completed ahead of schedule and under budget.  • Prepared and presented financial reports to the primary client and senior staff.  • Performed material takeoffs, obtained quotes from vendors and subcontractors, and compiled project estimates.  • Coordinated day to day business operations  • Reviewed and resolved AP Invoices for payment.  • Controlled RFIs, change orders, and package revisions to keep project information accurate and accessible.  • Provided onsite timekeeping and payroll services.  Other duties as assigned by the site manager Project Controls Administrator Kilgore Industrial - Beaumont, TX September 2014 to March 2015 Developed, deployed, and administered the company website.  Provided job cost analysis, estimation, and reports to senior staff.  Created project schedules using Microsoft Project.  Analyzed business processes and provided recommendations for improvements based on the BPM life cycle.  Performed document control and management.  Issued purchase orders to field superintendents.  Other duties as assigned by the President. IT Manager Kaplan Consulting July 2014 to September 2014 Externship    Wrote standard policies and procedures for ITS department. Wrote a disaster recovery policy in response to data loss due to a heartbleed bug vulnerability. Implemented Podio for collaboration between the various departments and external onboarding. Assigned user access in accordance to policies. ER Tech Lake Charles Memorial Hospital - Lake Charles, LA December 2008 to September 2014 • Lead Trainer for T-System EV EDIS. Developed and executed an instructor lead training program for nurses and physicians.  • Trainer for McKesson's Paragon HIS ERP System. Provided individualized one on one training in the use of this ERP system, and provided support to hospital staff when this ERP went live.  • Performed emergency medical chart auditing, charge capturing, and account level coding.     Primary responsibilities include assisting RNs, NPs, and MDs with direct patient care, procedures, phlebotomy, responding to code blue situations throughout the hospital, and other duties as assigned. CPC Technician Occupational Industrial Healthcare - Sulphur, LA December 2007 to December 2008 • DATIA Certified Professional Collector  • Represented the company at the local SHRM ICHRMA venue  • Allscripts EHR Trainer  • Developed the company website    Primary responsibilities included performing onsite and after hour services, drug screens, respiratory fitness tests, physical examinations, immunizations, and other duties as assigned by the practice physician. Education Master's in Business Administration Louisiana State University-Shreveport - Shreveport, LA May 2019 to May 2020 Certificate in Primavera P6 Professional Advanced Oracle University August 2018 to August 2018 Certificate in Primavera P6 Professional Fundamentals Oracle University June 2018 to June 2018 Postbaccalaureate Certificate in Cisco Networking Kaplan University 2014 to 2014 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration Kaplan University 2012 to 2014 High school Deridder High School - DeRidder, LA May 2007 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), PHP (10+ years), Python (1 year), Javascript (2 years), Web Development (10+ years), Primavera P6 (3 years), Microsoft Project (4 years), MySQL (10+ years), MongoDB (2 years), Linux (5 years), Data Analysis (Less than 1 year), Scheduling (3 years), Procurement (4 years) Awards Regents Scholar 2007-05 Certifications/Licenses Certified HTML Developer October 2006 to Present Groups Project Management Institute September 2017 to Present National Society of Collegiate Scholars September 2011 to Present National Honor Society September 2007 to Present Future Business Leaders of America August 2003 to May 2007