IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - Tampa General Hospital Safety Harbor, FL Work Experience IT Manager Tampa General Hospital - Tampa, FL April 2014 to Present Infrastructure  Hired as Infrastructure PM to assist with business\I.T. integration. Promoted to Manager of Desktop Projects with staff of twelve. In 2017 assigned as IT Infrastructure Manager, responsible for Server, Virtualization, Enterprise Storage, Backup, Cloud management for hospital.  • Management of design, budgeting, support for operational, project, and incident concerns for Windows Server, AD, VMware, Monitoring, Nutanix, Hitachi and EMC storage, CommVault and Cohesity backup, Citrix, Epic EMR infrastructure integration.  • Key stakeholder for Data Center migration between new DC and existing Co-Location, planning and implementation of numerous remote clinics, Brandon HealthPlex, in-hospital unit migrations, technology developments, multiple simultaneous I.T.-initiated and Business-initiated projects, and regulatory remediations.  • Vendor selection and negotiation, including licensing; staff hiring, evaluations, training, counseling, job role definitions and grading, and career development; Infrastructure Project Manager - Manager, IT Services HEALTHPLAN SERVICES - Tampa, FL 2010 to 2014 Hired as Infrastructure PM to increase systems stability. Promoted to Manager of Workstation and Account Services with staff of 10.  • Managed and hosted ad hoc Incident Response teams during system and application issues effecting the business. Responsible for producing RCA and subsequent Problem Management plan and team creation.  • Developed and implemented SMART goals for all team members; quality guidelines and metrics for ticketing SLAs.  • Created new knowledge base & procedures to increase efficiency and identify trends for over 2K users. Responsible for mobile phones, PCs, printer management, AD accounts and permissions, Asset control. Network Engineer AMERILIFE GROUP - Clearwater, FL 2008 to 2010 Resolved fundamental issues with legacy network and systems, instituted a Co-location data-center, provided network QoS and metrics, instituted SAN enterprise-level storage, and accommodated expanding nationwide remote-office footprint while maintaining business operations.  • Migrated to Cisco Pix and IOS firewalls; deployed Client VPN w/RADIUS; Metro-Ethernet with QoS; Reconfigured network VLANs and upgraded Core for L3 routing; NetApp deployment; Onboarded vendor-hosted VOIP solution for Call-Center.  • Provided CIO with timely and relevant budget recommendations and options based on calculated usage and forecasted need. Systems Engineer BANKERS INSURANCE GROUP - Saint Petersburg, FL 2003 to 2007 Lead Engineer for both Server and Network.  • Designed, built, deployed, and maintained Windows and Cisco servers, SQL DBs, Web services, AV, routers, switches, firewalls, IBM Tivoli Enterprise backup, and associated services.  • Designed and deployed additional DR data centers to maintain high-availability of crucial systems.  • Supervised 2 additional Systems Engineers. IT Technical Coordinator ECKERD CORPORATION - Largo, FL 2002 to 2003 Coordinated nationwide onsite technical support for retail locations. Acted as point of escalation for logistical and technical issues for Field Engineers and Technicians on PC, printer, network, P.o.S. systems and applications.  • Acted to efficiently provision relevant field resources according to location and incident\ project urgency for multiple technologies including Windows, Unix (for Point of Sale), applications, and user matters.  • Provided a 3rd-tier escalation point for technical issues encountered in the field. Help-Desk Technician -- Network Engineer BANKERS INSURANCE GROUP - Saint Petersburg, FL 1998 to 2001 Within 3 years, progressed from Level-1 Help Desk Technician to Network Engineer. Responsible for Windows\Cisco administration for over 2,000 users with multi-site national presence.  • Researched and resolved desktop, server, and networking issues.  • Built and maintained hardware and software for servers, systems, and networking components.  • Administered core services on the network (e.g. DNS, DHCP, STP, VPN, etc.) Education University of South Florida - Tampa, FL Skills PROJECT PLANNING, BUDGETING, OPERATIONS, OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT, STAFFING, AUDITS, VENDOR NEGOTIATIONS, STRONG COMMUNICATION SKILLS, MAINTENANCE, Data Center, Migration, Cisco, Customer Service, IT Management, Vendor Management, Strategic Planning Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 Present