IT Systems Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Systems Manager Hawthorne, CA Work Experience IT Systems Manager SIZZLERUSA - Mission Viejo, CA 2015 to 2019 Manage and maintain all store side systems, including but not limited to Office software, POS software, networking configuration, digital display software and all related hardware. Performed day-to-day office IT duties, including Office 365, Active Directory, hardware ordering and maintenance.  • Served as Lead RFP for Franchise friendly ERP, POS and Back Office operations systems.  • Maintained complete responsibility for technology in Sizzler USA restaurants.  • Evaluated current IT Hardware and software, including PCI and global regulatory standards, brought all sites to full compliance. Consulted with franchisee partners sharing how to reach compliance.  • Restructured database, reducing change processes from 6 weeks to 1-2 weeks.  • Led initiatives for ordering, labor and sustained efficiency projects, including  ? Implemented tools within NCR NBO software to reduce process times (scheduling could only be done 1 weeks out, changed to 3-4 weeks out).  ? Recipe build out in software restructured to increase accuracy and accounting.  ? Implemented EDI ordering for multiple vendors to reduce redundancy.  • Implemented, designed and installed new POS systems, increasing efficacy of customer touch points, i.e. speed of service, order accuracy positively impacted.  • Evaluated handheld projects for table service concepts.  • Served as smartphone expert for account management and program initiatives. Reviewed accounts, consolidated to one vendor, closed open unused lines and changed data plans, reduced costs by 40%.  • Managed Digital Display, Menu's, promotion boards and all other digitally displayed branded art in store. Created change process, causing a review and subsequent change of software and reducing costs 50% Senior IT & Operations Consultant JFNP CON 1999 to 2015 Southern California, multiple locations 1999 - 2015  Consulted with multiple small companies and restaurant concepts on various projects. Most projects involved in process documentation and POS management and sustainability.  Senior IT & Operations Consultant  • Working with multiple Restaurant concepts, small business and private home network and A / V setup.  • Smartphone expert, account management and program initiatives.    JFNP CON )  • Small and startup business solutions, budget friendly with scalability from slow to exponential growth.  • Home theater consultation; high end to budget conscious, specializing in getting IPTV content into user-friendly living room.  • Consulted and implemented NCR Back Office (formerly known as Menulink) for multiple concepts.  • Earned PCI and EMV certification for implementations of NCR solutions.  • Implemented Verifone x820 and x915 systems with NCR Aloha solutions.  • Experienced with multiple POS systems. Senior Project Manager SOFTENGINE - Woodland Hills, CA 2014 to 2014 Senior Project Manager for SAP Platinum Partner.  • Implemented and consulted for best business practices for multiple retail SAP Business One POS integrations.  • Managing Clients relationships and satisfaction during the projects.  • Suggesting process improvements and instructing on software modification and design.  • Providing projects' progression reports to high-level management.  • Delegating to other consultants and tech support personnel.  • Write product specs that are clear to both customers and the development team.  • Confirm per milestone / Block hours with stakeholders prior to execution as well as post execution acceptance.  • Resources planning and management. Store Systems & Enterprise Support Manager / Project Manager COFFEE BEAN & TEA LEAF - Los Angeles, CA 2008 to 2013 • Managed Help Desk Team for Enterprise and Operations approximately 180 corporate end users, 250+ service-oriented end users, and 1K+ operations (store level) users. Desk served 250 - 600 calls weekly.  • Lead selection process for cost saving Field System Vendor.  • Directed all stages of system deployment efforts, including requirements, design, architecture, documentation, testing and support. Consistently consulted with other departments for IT and operational expertise. I.e. Construction for wiring specs, Training for register placement and design, and LP for system analysis ability  • Supported all corporate systems, vendor interfaces, and operation level systems including POS and corporate users. Both remote and localized users of all levels  • Organized PCI Compliance gap analysis and security improvement projects from physical site surveys, installations, program and software upgrades to meet requirements as set forth by PCI DSS v2.0 for 200 sites plus corporate offices. Experience across all areas of restaurant operations. Understand the needs of operators' business needs for long term ROI and short-term implementation ease. Mitigating for best practice to meet needs and information security  • Implemented innovative solutions that increased productivity as well as profitability. Inventory system implementation has returned results up to 16% in food cost savings IT System Analyst ROBEKS, CORP - Manhattan Beach, CA 2005 to 2008 Responsible for Help Desk Management, Store Operations Coordination, Database migration to data warehouse and POS configuration management. Project Manager, e*Restaurant Systems ALTAMETRICS - Irvine, CA 2004 to 2005 • Managed customer relations for 4 major restaurant chains.  • Achieved 6 Month ROI for food cost for major brand.  • Database builds and consulting for back office hospitality systems, achieved ROI.  • Started work on proprietary POS systems, now branded HulaPOS. Training GM / District Manager / IT POS Operations Liaison PM COFFEE BEAN & TEA LEAF - Los Angeles, CA 1997 to 2003 Started in operations as a General Manager, opened and developed 2 new areas for company Phoenix, AZ area and Las Vegas, NV. My operational and project management skills lead to being chosen for Project Manager for Point of sale roll out, handpicked by CFO to head project. Skills Point of sale, Customer service, Business intelligence, Itil, Pci, Ncr, Sql, Gap analysis, Help desk management, Scripting, Xml, Linux, Ms office, Budgeting, Cost control, Operations, Liaison, Vendor management, Inventory, Edm, Active Directory, Excel, IT Management, Network Administration, Exchange, Team Viewer (10+ years), Strategic Planning Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/filipjoe Additional Information Technical Skills:  ? Help Desk Management and Operations ? ITIL & ITSM Experienced  ? Liaison & Expert in field Operations ? Budgeting / Cost Control  ? Project Management ? LAN / WAN Connectivity  ? Proficient with SQL & XML scripting ? PCI Project and Risk Gap Analysis  ? Vendor management and negotiations ? Customer Service Leader  ? EMV install and selection experience ? PCI Compliance (PCI DSS, PA-DSS)  ? MS Windows, MS Office Suite, Mac OS X, Linux ? Leadership / Team Development and Training  ? Multiple Point of Sale hardware and software systems ? NCR Certified secure installer / NCR Mobile Pay  ? Mobile Payments ? Aloha CFC  ? xpient EDM, MenuLink, Aloha, CBS-PosiTouch, Toast ? Altametrics, Crunchtime, Restaurant365, Menulink  ? Back Office / Business Intelligence Systems ? Back Office Inventory / Cost Control Systems  ? Microsoft Powershell