Director of IT Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> FORWARD THINKING, INNOVATIVE, & STRATEGIC LEADER - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Thornton, CO Experienced IT executive, solutions architect, program/ project manager, with proven success innovating state-of-the-art solutions on time and under budget. Extensive experience in utilizing and implementing business systems and processes. An excellent track record of success in designing, developing, and deploying computer hardware/software systems for small to large organizations.  Exhibits and models influential leadership skills, while promoting a cooperative working atmosphere. Improves efficiency of IT operations by developing solutions that meet business objectives. Delegates assignments according to skills and expects quality implementation of business strategies. Demonstrates a strong hands-on work ethic, and encourages teamwork while clearly defining standards and expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of IT Moore DM Group - Westminster, CO February 2018 to Present For a fortune 500 organization consisting of 35 subsidiaries employing over 2000 employees. The organizations focus is to provide a variety of services for different non-profits. Responsible for the long-range direction of the enterprise’s technology functions. Responsible for managing the team to provide systems and user support for subsidiaries that to not employ an IT staff. Responsible for maintaining technology standards for the organization, directing the activities necessary to keep the technology infrastructure current. Responsible for providing enterprise wide solutions to improve communications, efficiencies, security within all subsidiaries. Responsible for consulting services throughout the enterprise to support larger organizations infrastructures, security compliances, cloud-based systems, and disaster recovery efforts.    Key Accomplishments:  ? Renegotiated contract for managed services within the first 6 months reducing costs by $120K per year  ? Discovered/Proposed/Deployed solution for enterprise email security (Protecting all subsidiaries over 600,000 phishing and virus attacks per month)  ? Standardized and Deployed video conferencing solution for all subsidiaries enterprise wide.  ? Deployed hub/spoke infrastructure for entire enterprise connecting all subsidiaries to a central network to provide central systems shared throughout all organizations.  ? Planned and executed an entire cloud-based DR environment. Director of IT GovX - San Diego, CA June 2015 to Present For an ecommerce company that focuses on providing quality brands to those that serve our country, responsible for the long-range direction of the organization's technology functions. With the company’s core business being a 24/7 internet based retail outlet, executing systems seamlessly, efficiently, and effectively while ensuring compliance with established standards and policies is critical to the businesses success. Responsible for maintaining technology standards for the organization, directing the activities necessary to keep the technology infrastructure current, and functioning 24/7/365.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Analyzed, restructured, and cut costs in the over one-million-dollar IT budget in my first 6 months.  ? Planned, managed, and executed two datacenter moves over the last two years.  ? In the first 9 months of joining the company I prepared all the documents and analysis to complete the PCI Compliance qualifications/certifications  ? Upgraded SQL environment from SQL 2008 to SQL 2016 Enterprise cluster utilizing Always-On Availability Groups.  ? Planned and executed an entire cloud based DR environment. IT Director AppStar Financial - San Diego, CA October 2014 to June 2015 For an ecommerce company that focuses on providing quality brands to those that serve our country, responsible for the long-range direction of the organization's technology functions. With the company’s core business being a 24/7 internet based retail outlet, executing systems seamlessly, efficiently, and effectively while ensuring compliance with established standards and policies is critical to the businesses success. Responsible for maintaining technology standards for the organization, directing the activities necessary to keep the technology infrastructure current, and functioning 24/7/365.  Key Accomplishments:  ? Analyzed, restructured, and cut costs in the over one-million-dollar IT budget in my first 6 months.  ? Planned, managed, and executed two datacenter moves over the last two years.  ? In the first 9 months of joining the company I prepared all the documents and analysis to complete the PCI Compliance qualifications/certifications  ? Upgraded SQL environment from SQL 2008 to SQL 2016 Enterprise cluster utilizing Always-On Availability Groups.  ? Planned and executed an entire cloud based DR environment. VP of Information Technology APWireless - San Diego, CA October 2011 to October 2014 For a global company that acquires cell tower leases, responsible for the long-range direction of the organization's technology functions. I direct the strategic design, acquisition, management, and implementation of our enterprise-wide technology infrastructure on a global basis. Responsible for maintaining technology standards for the organization, directing the activities necessary to keep the technology infrastructure running seamlessly, efficiently, and effectively while ensuring compliance with established standards and policies.   Key Accomplishments:  ? Designed, planned, and strategically developed an efficient network infrastructure consisting of 30+ servers in a virtual environment.  ? Managed specification and deployment of Microsoft Lync 2013 in the global infrastructure  ? Migrated entire email system from hosted Gmail to an on premise Exchange 2013 environment  ? Established an effective vendor base to support sourcing activities leveraging outside services to supplement internal resources.  ? Planned and defined several long term activities, including consolidation of network across countries, development of standards and practices across company, and built a complete unified messaging/communications system from ‘Exchange’ and ‘Lync’ to reduce cost for international collaboration while increasing mobility. IT Manager/ Project Manager Aviatech - San Diego, CA January 2010 to October 2011 For an internet based marketing agency, provided business integration specializing in software lifecycle management, web development life cycle management, and strategic sourcing solutions. Responsible for project portfolios and enterprise architecture. Worked within a team of 7 developers while building a complete systems development life cycle process. This consisted of 20+ servers from development, staging, and production. IT Manager/ Project Manager Brookfield Homes - Del Mar, CA June 2006 to January 2009 For a major home builder, managed the company network consisting of 20 servers and 10 remote locations. Eliminated all remote sales office location problems which reduced support time needed in the field. Significantly reduced consulting costs related to maintaining the systems.   Key Accomplishments:  ? Transitioned the entire network from Novell servers to the most current Windows 2003 Active Directory structure.  ? Migrated the entire e-mail system from a clustered Lotus environment.  ? Performed two successful SOX audits IT Manager/ Project Manager Rhino Linings - San Diego, CA October 2003 to June 2006 For the premier global manufacturer of truck spray-in bed-liners, upgraded, designed, and managed their network. The network involved 10+ servers with a robust ERP system in a full manufacturing environment. My team supported over 100 users and 1200 dealers in over 100 countries.  Key Accomplishments:  • Saved the company over $200,000 by streamlining systems, vendors, and processes  • Effectively configured and managed six servers including (e-Order, Portal / SharePoint Server, Exchange, Symantec, Spam, Spyware, SQL, SQL Reporting Services, Great Plains, WINS, DNS, ADP, Mail Enable for Dealer E-Mails, Phone System) along with building and maintaining all new servers (Fax Server, CRM, Information Rights Management, etc.)  • Coordinated with all IT Vendors (MCI, Verizon, Verisign, Network Solutions, Intertel, Dell, CDW, 10th Degree for all website development, UPS, SCG, etc.  • Managed approximately 110 domain names Lead Network Engineer Business Information Systems - San Diego, CA January 2002 to October 2003 Responsibilities  I was the Lead Technician for BIS, which was an outsourcing IT firm for a number of companies.    Key Cabling Responsibilities:  I was responsible for running the cable for voice, data, and coax, terminating at the wall jacks and the computer room, installing racks, cable management, punching down at patch panels, testing all cable runs, and strapping off all cables above the ceiling. For a number of locations, I would go through the MPOE to do clean up from previous tenants or will just re-cross connect any new phone lines brought into the building. After completion of the cabling job, I provided a detailed AutoCAD drawing for the customer. This shows all the drops and locations along with all the testing results I compiled.    Key Networking Responsibilities:  I was responsible for designing and building the networks for our customers. Most of the networks consist of a Windows 2000 server with hardware RAID running Active Directory, Exchange 2000, NAV Corporate, and Veritas Backup Exec.    Upon completion of the network most of the clients sign a support contract. For those clients, each morning I remote into their servers and check Backups, Event Viewer, Firewall Alerts, etc. to see if there are any or could be any problems occurring. With this kind of remote access it allows me to eliminate physically going out on site. I have also completed training and am now an Alvarion Certified Wireless Network Engineer. Senior System Administrator SMTEK International - Poway, CA April 2000 to January 2002 Responsibilities  My responsibilities were to maintain and improving the network of approximately 60 users and 150 employees. The network consisted of an NT Server, 12+ Networked Printers, a PICK Server, converted over to a ManFact II Server, maintaining the E-mail Server, DHCP Server, DNS Server, and of course keeping all the employees very happy. I was also in charge of relocating the company from a 17,000 S.F. Building in El Cajon to a new build to suit 45,000 S.F. Building in Poway. I was responsible, as a project manager, for dealing with the Phone and Data Vendor, the Security System Vendor, placing all the Electrical / Mechanical drops to the production floor for our machines and benches, and doing all the CAD drawings to supply to all the Vendors. Education BS in Technology University of Phoenix - San Diego, CA 2016 AA in Technology ITT Technical Institute - Phoenix, AZ 1993 Skills Visionary Strategies, Executive Leadership & Supervision, Technical Infrastructure, Systems Security & Disaster Recovery, IT/Telecom/WiFi Systems Architecture, Multimillion Dollar Budgeting, Global IT Services, Creative Problem Solving, Large Scale Project Management, Long-term Solutions, Strategic Planning, Cost Reduction/Vendor Management, Networking: LAN's, WAN's, WLAN's, VPN's, TCP/IP, Ethernet, Wireless, DNS, Fiber, DAS, Firewalls, Routers, Switches, RAID, Hubs, Access Points, PC's, MS Office, MS Project, MS Visio, Photoshop, AV Products, Citrix, Terminal Services, Exchange, Lync, CRM Products, Backup Products, ERP, CAD, Access, MySQL, MSSQL Links http://linkedin.com/in/p3jeff