IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager | Agile Coach | Certified Scrum Master San Diego, CA Experienced Project Manager with over 10 years’ experience in information technology, initiating and delivering sustained results and effective change within the largest food and beverage company in the world. Experience includes global project integrations, software implementations, analytics, acquisitions and mergers, digital integrations and agile processes. Major experience lies in strategizing and leading cross-functional teams to bring about a fundamental change and improvement in strategy, process, and profitability. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Nestle August 2012 to Present • Manage Global IS/ IT projects for Nestle integration and transformation systems.  • Deliver new products and technology solutions annually by utilizing project management methodologies.  • Protect development team from outside distractions, impediments, or team conflicts, and maintain focus on product backlog project timeline.  • Work closely with project owner in backlog management and continuous delivery of features.  • Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members and stakeholders.  • Direct and lead development team from project initiation through the delivery of final product.  • Manage capital projects with high level of outcomes to the market.  • Implemented projects for new acquisitions and cross merger technology integrations.  • Communicate with Global IT leadership weekly on buy-ins to new technology improvements.  • Coordinate regionally and globally to all cross functional teams the success and progress of projects.  • Site lead pillar that supports building a higher performing team for 8 functions.  • Communicate project progress and deliverables to the Global senior steering committee.  • Ensure all issues are resolved according to the organizational roadmap.  • Deliver final project results and drive change for improvements of technology.  • Lead facilitator for site meetings and trainings presented monthly.  • Manage all budgets, cost, controls, and resources for assigned projects.  • High level of knowledge of MS Office suite and MS Project. IT Site Manager Nestle June 2007 to August 2012 • Managed IS/ IT Projects for the site by incorporating all functional team leads.  • Communicated with global IT leads on new technology implementations and process improvements.  • Lead compliance manager for the sites Information Security Management Systems.  • Managed all hardware and software inventories quarterly by reporting to management in Switzerland monthly.  • Evaluated all software licensing, purchasing, and new software request.  • Manage all major factory systems as the sites Local Business Administrator.  • Consult and negotiate with contractors, and suppliers regarding infrastructure projects and modifications.  • Manager for all sites IT and network issues including customer service interactions.  • Maintain servers and equipment, core switches, and configurations in the data center.  • Site leadership pillar that supported in building a higher performing leadership team for all functions. Co-Founder BestFee-IT September 2006 to June 2007 • Business owner of computer repair business that employed and trained 5 staff members.  • Developed strategies that focused on customer loyalty and a great overall experience.  • Drove new technologies to the market for better user experience and less downtime.  • Delivered an average of $50,000 cost savings for small business software and legacy systems. Area Manager The Bakersfield Californian May 2003 to September 2006 • Managed and external daily operations of 20 personnel within my assigned area.  • Managed internal site retention center of 10 employees that focused on improving products and keeping customers.  • Lead for the monthly goal of $100,000 in sales for the organization. Operations Specialist (E-5) U.S Navy September 1998 to September 2002 • Lead in a 2-year project designing and launching self-driving computer system within the ship's infrastructure.  • Maintained computer and radar systems as an Air Intercept Controller.  • Managed 8 personnel for daily operations within my team. Education M.S. in Management and Leadership in Project Management Purdue University Global January 2019 to Present B.A. in Applied Studies in Organizational Leadership Azusa Pacific University August 2018 Skills .NET, C++, HTML, MS PROJECT, VISIO, SHAREPOINT, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, DNS, NETWORKING, POWER BI, DHCP, VMWARE, IOS, JIRA, LINUX, JAVA, WIRELESS, SQL, MS VISIO, PM, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master, CSM, Information Technology, Project Management Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: E-5 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2019 to June 2021 Holding a Certified ScrumMaster certification demonstrates knowledge and ability to support Scrum. Certified Agile Coach August 2019 to Present Additional Information Technical Skills  CLOUD: ServiceNow, Office 365, OneDrive, Azure, Power BI, VMware, Adobe Creative Cloud.  OPERATING SYSTEMS: Windows Server, Windows, Linux, Mac OS, iOS.  NETWORKING: HP Servers, Cisco Switches, Cisco Cores, Cisco Wireless Access Points, Routers, DNS, DHCP, Active Directory, VLANs, WANS, Diagrams.  PROGRAMMING: SQL, JAVA, C++, HTML, .Net.  SOFTWARE: MS Project, Workfront, Trello, Jira, SharePoint, MS Visio, Microsoft SQL Studio.