IT/ MSP Consultant <span class="hl">IT</span>/ MSP Consultant IT/ MSP Consultant - Ener Systems Kenner, LA al oriented, high achieving IT solutions leader with over 10 years’ experience in enterprise sales, finance leadership, and operations management. Work Experience IT/ MSP Consultant Ener Systems - Covington, LA March 2019 to Present Utilize professional expertise to provide customized business solutions for corporate clients. Provide improved reliability and security to mid-size businesses' computer networks. Back up client's data and automate data storage. Minimize computer and server downtime. Senior Engineer Entergy New Orleans - New Orleans, LA June 2018 to October 2018 Participated in launch of Smart Meter Lab, this lab saved the company millions from testing in-house. Tested and maintained Smart Electrical Meters, using program testing scripts in Python, C#, and Java. Set up and maintained network of computers, testing equipment, smart boards, and media equipment. Director of National Sales Opti-Com Manufacturing Network - New Orleans, LA February 2009 to June 2018 Oversaw business-to-business (B2B) sales, operations, finances, and IT functions for family-owned business providing outside plant needs to protect, place, and repair telephone, data, and cable TV lines. Travelled extensively across USA, Europe, and Middle East to meet with executives, understand needs, provide business case for solutions, negotiate pricing, and secure contracts. Managed finances and optimized cash flow to stay ahead of fluctuating multi-million dollar working capital needs. Advised management on financial decisions and means to mitigate risk. Presented on project sales and profitability projections. Promoted products and company at trade association meetings.  Key Achievements:  * Led 8 direct reports and total international team of 50-100 workers.  * The company's annual revenue grew from $15MM to $50MM during my time there.  * Collaborated with graphic designer to upgrade website and visuals, including logo, marketing brochures, and collateral materials.  * Designed and implemented a Virtual Server Environment for adaptability and flexibility.  * Upgraded all accounting and manufacturing software to increase forecasting accuracy by 50%.  * Implemented a multi-site virtual private network (VPN) and virtual machines with tight security controls to connect offices and manufacturing facilities. Senior IT Project Manager New Orleans, LA November 2007 to February 2009 Managed full cycle project completion for information technology initiatives: met with business leaders to scope project objectives, identified solutions and built systems to specification, scheduled and led team through development and implementation, and completed projects within budget limits. Prepared project status reports and met with end users to provide regular updates on project milestones and deliverables.  Key Achievements:  * Oversaw team of 15 direct reports, and led multi-functional teams of up to 100.  * Maintained and enhanced report storage for Hibernia Bank (bought by CapitalOne Bank).  * Fully restored reporting system after Hurricane Katrina, moving entire operation from New Orleans to Dallas in two days.  * Promoted from Distributed Computing Administrator (1/2004 to 11/2007). Education Master of Business Administration in Finance Tulane University - New Orleans, LA Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering in Computer Engineering Tulane University - New Orleans, LA Skills Network design, Switching, Firewalls, Incident response, Arduino, C++, Coding, Fortran, Html, Python, Disaster recovery, Java, Microsoft dynamics, Dynamics, Cobol, Linux, Css, Mysql, Best practices, Microprocessors, testing, access, Cisco, Security, Active Directory Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/michaelcousin Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Talented network architect, experienced in network design, installation, and server implementation, including routing, switching, firewalls, load balancers, and proxy servers.  • Record of completing vulnerability assessments, enhancing security, managing incident response, and successfully leading disaster recovery of company-wide system.  • Strategic thinker, who plans for growth, utilizes sound design principles, and drives best practices to achieve increased short- and long-term revenue.  • Strong customer orientation and excellent subject knowledge and communication skills, earning recognition as trusted partner and advisor to C-level, VP, and director level professionals of mid-market and enterprise clients.  • Dynamic team leader, coaching and developing direct reports to take on larger responsibilities.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Platforms: Windows, Mac OS, Linux  Coding and Software:  C++, CSS, Java, Python, Assembly, Fortran, COBOL, HTML, MySQL, MSSQL, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Dynamics, Adobe Creative Suite.    Hardware: Microprocessors, Servers, Routers, Electronic circuits, Arduino, PLC / PLA