IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator Boise, ID Work Experience IT Project Coordinator TEKsystems - Boise, ID 2018 to 2019 Plugged into Simplot's IT division to assist and guide project implementations successfully.  • Follow projects for performance and support Project Manager, team, and goals. Minimal learning curve for leading team meetings immediately. This role allowed the PM to focus 100% on other assignments.  • Execute bi-weekly team summaries for business which outlines status and financials of projects.  • As assigned report on engagements, designate action items, to dos, and follow-ups, keep team informed, and report up to PMO.  • Provide oversight for missing gaps which rely on cross functional teams, increasing visibility 69%. Safeguard resources committed to overall project. Keep all involved current to drive project milestones, met 12 out of 12 targets.  • Manage MS Project 2016 tasks, resources, costs, work, and budget. Re-baseline as required. Business Relationship Manager HPI - Boise, ID 2016 to 2018 Point of contact for IT support engagement of business stakeholders. Assisted with facilitating executive sponsored IT action plans and communicate effectively and timely.  • Ensure Major Incidents (MI), were reported quickly to all affected departments. Response time improved from 43% to 98%.  • Developed with business agreement a list of critical applications known as the business chevron. Bring together teams and individuals to fill known gaps for overall coverage.  • Facilitate outage calls and ensure the required resources are on call when required.  • Identify problem management opportunities from business feedback and worked diligently to schedule while not disrupting the business. IT to decrease business downtime and improve satisfaction from 67% to 100%.  • Decision maker in the declaration of disasters ensuring service restoration met Service Level Agreement, (SLA).  • Provide business executive communications to key stakeholders surrounding critical or crisis events. Project Lead/Ecommerce Manager HPI - Boise, ID 2014 to 2018 Daily management of product & marketing site materials. Enhanced and updated associated content and images for HP Shopping.com website. Responsible for supporting digital media, system marketing plans, along with strategic plans based on business needs.  • Streamlined the escalation management process to monitor and manage situations that required increased awareness and swift action. Saw an immediate improvement in response/turnaround time from 3 weeks to 24 hours.  • Expanded profitability by 33M, (YOY), of our recognized brand and led digital business through other emerging e-Commerce vehicles. Grew branded traffic 30% through site optimization and PR/link-building campaigns. Managed SEO strategy and campaigns to grow user base and improve brand awareness.  • Oversaw and ran promotion team, producing over 3000 rebates a year without error. Discounts applied to, desktops, laptops, printers, ink and toner, care pack, etc.  • Lead all HPShopping.com sales. Developed relationships with strategic accounts, and merchandising team to create objectives and develop reporting. Advertisings launched on time seamlessly. Strategically planned and executed demand generation campaigns for on-line channels and responsible for delivering more than 38% (YOY) in revenue.  • Managed internal as well as external resources with a team size generally greater than 20 from multiple countries. Senior Service Administrator Kenworth Sales Boise - Boise, ID 2012 to 2014 Built trusting relationships with business partners, vendors, and sister satellites. Effective grasp of SAP software after one of day training, navigated intuitively with no further training.  • Coordinated with Service and Warranty Managers to develop methods of quick recall or equipment logs, improving re-work rate by 33%. Cost savings 1M  • Audited daily time records to ensure all recorded times were accurate.  • Issued purchase orders, tracked costs, shopped/evaluated pricing, and closed to accurate amounts.  • Verified parts, mechanics time, and wrote repair history to close 93% of company's repair orders. Project Administrator Healthwise, Incorporated - Boise, ID 2006 to 2012 Instilled new workflows to meet the changing business needs. Modernized process to alleviate unnecessary tasks and speed up approval procedures from 3 weeks to 1 week. Developed and administered the Project Management internal website using Project Server 2010, site for PMO.  • Led advancement of medical topics each quarter for medically and specialist reviews. Secure due dates to meet fast track deadlines, was able to add 14 new topics per quarter.  • Scrummed software team to meet burn down, process gained nightly go-live vs. monthly.  • Completed timelines early and delivered unblemished products of content through rigorous testing. Developed content for new Breast Cancer guidelines and published within 7 days surpassing 90-day industry standard.  • New H1N1 Flu content was made available to public in record time of 15 days.  • Escalated work production stops to upper management with options on how to proceed or halt go-live. Determined best counteractive measure to insure deadlines were met.  • Built and formulated bi-weekly schedules to follow progress and forecast problems areas of subject materials going live.  • Studied static workflows to BMI, successfully recommended and implemented 33 new strategies for time and man-hour savings. Education Business Administration Colorado College - Grand Junction, CO Information Technology/ Project Management Boise State University - Boise, ID Organizational Business Management Ashford University - Clinton, IA PMP Boise State University - Boise, ID Skills DIGITAL STRATEGY, SEM, SEO, CONTENT CREATION, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT