PROJECT MANAGER, Release Train Engineer <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>, Release Train Engineer PROJECT MANAGER, Release Train Engineer - Honeywell Clayton, NC Work Experience PROJECT MANAGER, Release Train Engineer Honeywell - Raleigh, NC 2019 to Present Operated as a servant leader, chief scrum master for a "train" in the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe), facilitated program level processes and execution, escalated and removed impediments, managed risks, and helped drive program level continuous improvement for the research and development group of electrical meters.  Selected accomplishments:  • Defined project schedules and led teams through achievement of key milestones according to timelines.  • Defined and managed issues, risks and dependencies  • Managed scope and project changes  • Managed the budget  • Facilitated Internal and External release planning  • Facilitated sprint planning and backlog management in Jira and in Rally  • Contributed to release train predictability, improvement, efficiency, and needs  • Meet regularly with Scrum masters of each team  • Prepared regular reports for presentation to executives, maintaining management visibility to achieve critical insight into current project status and forecasted results. PROJECT MANAGER, Client Implementation Abrigo - Raleigh, NC 2018 to 2019 Directed team members and banks through the planning and execution of banking compliance software installation projects. Oversaw coordination, internal team processes, and document / reporting procedures.  Selected accomplishments:  • Defined project schedules and led teams through the achievement of key milestones according to timelines and within budget limitations.  • Prepared regular reports for presentation to external customers.  • Administered cross-functional team meetings, trainings, prioritizing work and ensuring each member understood project objectives. PROJECT MANAGER, Client Implementation, IT TIERPOINT - Raleigh, NC 2016 to 2018 Directed team members through the planning and execution of software and hardware installation projects, including Cloud builds, O365 implementations, new firewall installations, and disaster recovery implementations. Oversaw coordination, internal team processes, and document / reporting procedures.  Selected accomplishments:  • Defined project schedules and led teams through the achievement of key milestones according to timelines and within budget limitations.  • Prepared regular reports for presentation to external customers.  • Administered cross-functional team meetings, prioritizing work and ensuring each member understood project objectives. PROJECT COORDINATOR, CLIENT IMPLEMENTATION, IT TierPoint - Raleigh, NC 2016 to 2016 Coordinated the development and implementation of multiple, simultaneous, internal integration projects. Partnered with team members across numerous functional areas to envision, plan, and implement project management details to meet all goals and objectives.  Selected accomplishments:  • Coordinated cross-functional team meetings, prioritizing work and ensuring each member understood project objectives.  • Tracked project progress using critical path method.  • Leveraged project management software to achieve objectives. System Verification Analyst COVIDIEN 2015 to 2016 Document Control Specialist (2006 - 2007) with Safety Syringes, Inc., Franchise Sales Executive (2005) with Squeeze, Manufacturing Services Coordinator (2004 to 2005) with 3E Company. PROJECT MANAGER, IT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS GROUP, NORTEK - Carlsbad, CA 2013 to 2015 Directed 20 team members through the planning and execution of software installation projects, including the implementation of an Agile PLM system, ERP (NetSuite) system, and a 3PL integration project. Oversaw coordination, internal team processes, and document / reporting procedures.  Selected accomplishments:  • Defined project schedules, forecasted project budgets, and led teams through the achievement of key milestones according to timelines and within budget limitations.  • Prepared regular reports for presentation to executive steering groups, maintaining management visibility to achieve critical insight into current project status and forecasted results.  • Administered cross-functional team meetings, prioritizing work and ensuring each member understood project objectives. PROJECT COORDINATOR COVIDIEN - Carlsbad, CA 2007 to 2013 Coordinated the development and launch of multiple, simultaneous, global Critical Care Ventilation products. Responsible for gathering product and project requirements and verifying designs meet company, FDA, and TUV specifications. Partnered with team members across numerous functional areas to envision, plan, and implement project management details to meet all goals and objectives for attaining regulatory compliance.  Selected accomplishments:  • Coordinated team meetings, peer reviews, and design reviews - translated management goals for projects into workable project plans and individual responsibilities for personnel across five facilities.  • Tracked project progress using critical path method ensuring compliance with company best practices and additional industry regulations.  • Developed and implemented new product design history documentation, facilitating increased efficiency in ensuring verification of regulatory compliance. SUSTAINING PROJECT MANAGER COVIDIEN - Carlsbad, CA 2010 to 2011 Managed a number of critical components across company and third-party groups. Oversaw teams, logistics, planning, and milestones during comprehensive phases of product development and launch to meet company goals for three global products in the company's Critical Care Ventilation portfolio. Supervised teams across five geographical areas.  Selected accomplishments:  • Delegated daily duties to project team members operating from different locations; defined project milestones and forecasted project budgets.  • Leveraged project and database management software to achieve objectives while maintaining organized, accurate documentation.  • Acknowledge by senior managers including Board of Directors for key role in major successful, on-schedule completion of three critical product development projects.  ** *** ** Education Bachelor of Arts in English Literature UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA RIVERSIDE - Riverside, CA Skills Project planning, Database, Optimization, Budget, Cost reduction, Outlook, Scheduling, Microsoft Project Links http://linkedin.com/in/alisa-hailey-54403677