IT Project Manager at Ascena Retail <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> at Ascena Retail IT Project Manager at Ascena Retail - Infrastructure and Client Technologies New York, NY Information Technology Leader possessing extensive experience within the full IT lifecycle management of projects for Fortune 100 organizations and smaller companies in various industries on both tactical and strategic levels. Demonstrated expertise in systems design and risk analysis. Able to leverage a broad and deep IT knowledge base to design, implement and support n-Tier systems in mission-critical, highly regulated environments. A team leader who can bring together the right personnel and resources to get the job done and ensure IT alignment with the business's strategic direction. Background includes both in-house IT management and consulting experience. Has security clearance.    Project Management Vendor Management Information / Data Governance  IT Operations Service Delivery Disaster Recovery  Systems Architect Information Security ITIL, Lean/Six Sigma Certified Work Experience IT Project Manager at Ascena Retail Infrastructure and Client Technologies July 2018 to Present • Management of on-site and off-shore resources for a Data Center Consolidation effort involving 300 systems.  • As part of $20M restack project, managing the IT Project resources to facilitate Networking, Infrastructure and Client Technologies.  ? Procurement of IT Components  ? Tracking spend and deliverables  ? Coordinating server consolidations, technology implementations, network upgrades Senior IT Project Manager Global Brands Group December 2017 to April 2018 • Managed process with internal groups and external vendors on the procurement and deployment of high-end 3D Rendering Systems.  ? Effort enabled the company to save $600,000/year on rendering process.  ? Tracked budget, procurement and system disposition.  ? Investigated the utilization of cloud services to offload rendering capacity.  • Facilitated timely and secure data migration and equipment disposal for remote office closure.  • Coordinated with IT, Facilities and Client groups on moving satellite office. IT Project Manager Tiffany & Company June 2016 to October 2017 • Successful migration of eCommerce infrastructure ($500M/yr revenue generator).  ? Migration completed on time and with ZERO impact to consumers globally.  • Detailed analysis of current system state in preparation for data center consolidation effort.  ? Achieved $1M/yr. in cost savings by eliminating Co Location expenses. Senior IT Project Manager Sanofi March 2013 to December 2015 • Directed the identification, classification and migration of unstructured data as part of the North American Data Center Consolidation Program.  ? Over 500TB of data migrated.  ? Achieved over $2M in Cost Avoidance through data consolidation and decommissioning of legacy platforms.  ? Implemented an Information Governance Platform.  * Vendor Analysis and Management, Internal Presentations and Budgeting.  * Proper categorization and handling of data (GxP, SOX, Legal, HIPAA).  * Risk Analysis identifying exposures in Legal, Records Management and Security. IT Operations Manager Opera Solutions January 2012 to December 2012 • Service Delivery for major, client facing Big Data projects.  • Project Management for Upgrading Phone System using Cisco UCS for North American locations.  • Managed System Administrators and Desktop Support in global locations. Operations/Service Delivery Manager Novartis June 2011 to December 2011 • Team Leader of 2nd and 3rd level personnel in support of a global Citrix environment.  • Managed Virtual Environment in support of ~5,000 off-shore consultants.  • Business Impact Assessment and Disaster Recovery Planning of Citrix Environment. IT Operations Manager USPS July 2010 to May 2011 • Managed technical team in support of largest government eCommerce website.  • Mapped out systems, interdependencies and potential weak points.  • Capacity Analysis and Planning with regard to seasonal traffic and storage needs. Consultant Risk Assessment April 2010 to May 2010 • Risk Assessment for a medium-sized company to determine gaps in current technology.  • Addressed SOX/SAS 94 Audit findings. Enterprise Architect Fragrance Resources December 2009 to March 2010 End to end analysis and mapping of systems, applications, infrastructure and processes, DR Program Manager Pfizer November 2008 to August 2009 Field Force Infrastructure Upgrade Initiative. IT Infrastructure Project Manager Johnson & Johnson December 2007 to August 2008 Compliance and Capacity Planning for MPLS connections to Off-Shore Vendors. Project Manager Medco September 2007 to November 2007 Managed project related processes on a virtual team for on-boarding new Medco Clients. Enterprise Systems Analysis Consultant Fragrance Resources May 2007 to August 2007 Systems Assessment and Disaster Recovery Planning Manager/Team Leader, IT Operations & Automation Pfizer 1992 to 2006 Created strategic systems plan for site including mapping of systems and interdependencies.  Managed diverse team of staff and contractors. Evaluated and implemented new technology.  • Achieved cost savings of 20% of annual budget by designing a datacenter for localized support of mission-critical servers. Significantly reduced down time and operational expenses.  • Attained cost savings of 45% of capital investment by designing and implementing Strategic GxP virtual architecture for rapid deployment of validated applications.  • Team Lead for the implementation, validation and support of automation systems in a GxP environment in support of a $20M automation project. Education Master of Science in MIS New Jersey Institute of Technology - Newark, NJ Bachelor of Arts in Information Studies and Psychology Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY Skills Itil, PM, Waterfall Certifications/Licenses ITIL Lean Six Sigma Green Belt