EDI Specialist III, Project Manager, Client On-boarding EDI Specialist III, <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Client On-boarding EDI Specialist III, Project Manager, Client On-boarding - Change Healthcare Stanton, CA 20 years in Healthcare industry with the last 12 years spent assisting clients test and implement ANSI X12 transactions thru various EMR and delivery systems. My role is one that requires me to work as a project manager to identify client needs and work with multiple groups both client side and internal to ensure all requested implementations have a quick and successful result without any issues. As such I have developed the ability to translate technical requirements and jargon to those that may not have any EDI experience as well as taking client end issues to the developers/engineers with the correct understanding of where it fits within our system. Work Experience EDI Specialist III, Project Manager, Client On-boarding Change Healthcare 2008 to Present Project Manager 2013 to 2015 Assist clients in testing ANSI (837P, 837I, 835,270/271 and 276/277), NSF and Print Image formats.  Project analysis for all new vendors and third-party SW with a focus on areas for improvement.  Document, and maintain EDI implementation on a per vendor basis with regular audits to ensure 5% or less rejection rate as well as to well as identify any areas for improvement.  Assist below the line providers and payers by setting up and converting their Print Image files to NSF and then to ANSI by customizing their Dansoft HICFA mapper to fit their needs.  Develop implementation protocols for all new vendors, groups and payers and then document for future implementations by other reps/developers.  Stress test and troubleshoot all instances of file transmission as well as identify and resolve any potential issues both internally and client facing.  Identify and correct any incorrect or outdated on the client facing on-boarding documentation on the RPA portal. IT/Server Helpdesk Rep IPC The Hospitalist Company 1999 to 2006 HR Coordinator Disney Consumer Products 1997 to 1999