Manager - Release and Deployment Management <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Release and Deployment Management Manager - Release and Deployment Management McKinney, TX Innovative, accomplished, and results-oriented professional with extensive experience in the field of information technology, PMO with emphasis in planning, testing, and implementing plans for complex and large-scaled projects. Expert in enterprise solutions development, end-to-end project process, and system integration; along with Agile, Scrum, and Lean methodologies. Equipped with strong organizational, technical, and communication aptitudes in establishing rapport with diverse individuals. Additional qualifications include:    ? Business Work and Management: Capability to develop and deploy a high-speed internet activation solution, retail merchandise, accounting solution along with other business applications, technologies, and interfaces   ? Employee and Leadership: Effectiveness in coordinating with high-performing teams focused on specific technical, project development, and customer service  ? Resourceful and well-organized; strong background in planning and overseeing multiple projects on time and within budget with outstanding results  ? Strong sense of responsibility; ability to handle and manage tasks within fast-paced environments; successfully manage over $9M program to create and deploy Xfinity mobile application for Android Smartphones   ? Problem solver; ability to handle problems with composure and provide adequate solutions Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager - Release and Deployment Management SEI 7-11 Support Center/Mroads - Irving, TX 2018 to 2019 Established new ASI2 Program Release and Deployment governance processes for Oracle Merchandise Operations Management MOM and Franchise Management Application Accounting Systems Improvement solutions, Oracle EBS systems for providing modern flexible retail accounting and franchise systems that drive accuracy, consistency and enable profitability; support growth strategy; and support improved business processes  ? Delivered end-to-end Oracle Retail Merchandise Operations management systems (MOM), Oracle Enterprise Business Suit (EBS) solutions in multiple tracks under ASI2  ? Implemented CICD process and setup the agile release and deployment processes.  ? Generated and managed various documentation, which include project plans, release plans, deployment plans, projects estimates, budgets, change proposals (CRs), and projects handovers  ? Worked collaboratively with EPMO, System Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Production Support, and PMs, and Delivery teams for the implementation of all release activities  ? Made use of HP's Project and Portfolio Management Center (PPM) and SharePoint tools in overseeing code repositories and project documents  ? Reported to vice presidents, directors, and stakeholders by presenting comprehensive daily and weekly executive level program and project reporting  ? Supervised the design and development of (code) review processes to handover projects to support teams    Key Highlights:  ? Saved millions of dollars in partners fees and decreased infrastructure costs by implementing continuous integration and delivery processes for ASI2 program.  ? Enabled profitability and growth by providing modern flexible retail accounting, franchise and Reporting (OBIEE) systems with improved business processes. Senior Integration Manager Michaels Stores/Proximous - Irving, TX 2017 to 2018 Took full charge of systems integration center of excellence (SI COE) organization for driving end-to-end retail; warehouse management systems (WMS) solutions for executing Retek 6 upgrade to RMS 12 (Retail Merchandising Systems); and dynamic stocking upgrade projects  ? Oversaw the entire end-to-end project delivery process of various programs, Retek 6 and Dynamic Stocking upgrades, loyalty and rewards, and store replenishment projects with over 250 extracts, transform and load (ETL) and TIBCO interfaces combination  ? Generated and managed various documentation, which include project plans, release plans, projects estimates, budgets, change proposals (CAB), and projects handovers  ? Worked collaboratively with PMO, System Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Production Support, and PMs, and Delivery teams for the implementation of all release activities  ? Made use of TeamForge and SharePoint tools in overseeing code repositories and project documents  ? Reported to vice presidents, directors, and stakeholders by presenting comprehensive daily and weekly executive level program and project reporting  ? Administered more than $8M budget for numerous projects to establish and deploy over 250 interfaces with various technologies through system integration program  ? Supervised the design and development of (code) review processes to handover projects to support teams    Key Highlights:  ? Significantly obtained millions of dollars savings in vendor fees and decreased infrastructure costs by migrating more than 250 interfaces into new retail Retek 12 oracle system Program Manager Brillio - Irving, TX 2017 to 2017 Rendered leadership to software-defined networking/network functions virtualization (SDN/NFV) strategy and implementation of networks Project Management Office (PMO) Team, involving PMs, Scrum Masters, and Delivery teams for successful execution of customer portal, software defined wide area networking (SDWAN), dynamic network manager (DNM), secure cloud internet (SCI), policy management, license management projects in compliance with organizational Agile initiatives  ? Monitored turnaround program/ project delivery process of customer portal, Salesforce.com (SFDC), DNM, SCI, modify, add, change and delete (MACD), continuous integration and delivery (CICD) projects  ? Administered over 30 onsite and offshore resources to introduce the product for customers  ? Took charge of incorporating customer portal to salesforce.com (SFDC), enabling catalogues browsing, quotes development, offer and services, and place and provision orders for customers  ? Spearheaded projects launch by providing executive reports, product roadmap, and release management processes execution for cross-functional teams  ? Maintained coordination of cost, estimates, budgets, change proposals, vendor resources and projects handovers  ? Presided over vision/kickoff meetings with diversity of teams of each application to interpret applications dependencies, constraints, and risks  ? Pioneered the operation of customer portal project that fortified company's business Lead Project Manager PMO AT&T/ASAP Solutions - Plano, TX 2016 to 2017 Managed (PMs, Scrum Master and Delivery team on initiation of AT&T Integrated Cloud (AT&T's AIC) virtualization, DNM, VNS, Salesforce, Netbond cloud virtual private network (VPN), and Service Assurance (SLA management)  ? Spearheaded project delivery process of AIC, NetBond program/ projects in coordination of 10 application project managers for individual program and over 25 applications with variety of technologies and infrastructure virtual program management office (vPMO) and datacenter projects  ? Held responsibility of handling more than $10M budget for diverse complex projects in creating and distributing over 25 applications by utilizing AIC and NetBond programs    Key Highlights:  ? Saved millions in vendor fees and reduced infrastructure costs through migration of AT&T services into AIC cloud platform Lead Project Manager PMO Tech Mahindra - Plano, TX 2014 to 2016 Supervised APMs, Scrum Master and Delivery teams to devise AT&T 's renovation (non-halo) program, AT&T Digital Experience Technology Services (DETS) platform engineering order capture engine (OCE) program, and emerging business market program (EBM) in adherence to organizational strategic Agile initiatives  ? Directed overall project delivery process of renovation, OCE, and EBM program/ projects along with more than 8 application project managers for each program and 20 applications consisting of various technologies and infrastructure VPMO (ITO) projects  ? Organized Agile vision/kickoff meetings with multiple teams to evaluate application dependencies, constraints, and risks  ? Assumed accountability in managing AT&T Order management (ATOM) to launch Salesforce SFDC portal that allowed AT&T customer to acquire quotes, deal and product pricing, and browse product catalogues  ? Administered and monitored budgets of various projects totaling over $25M for the development and deployment of more than 20 applications through EBM and OCE programs    Key Highlights:  ? Reduced intellectual property dependency in the third-party and vendor transaction fees    GE Power and Water Salesforce SFDC PM Inclusive Dates  ? Employed competency in performing all aspects of Salesforce, including product catalogue and data and big machines reporting migration from Alstom to GE SFDC environment in utilization of Agile methodology  ? Applied pacing Waterfall application to change spreadsheet artifact and business process for all regions GE PW SFDC instance, as well as enabled headquarter and region-level administrators to build and record-level control, public group-based view, and update application features Senior Deployment Manager Nokia - Austin, TX 2012 to 2014 Rendered oversight to all direction of software deployment programs/ projects life cycle to support large numbers of telecom clients, including planning, request for proposals statement of work (RFPs/SoWs), Agile processes, requirements gathering, software development/testing, and installations/upgrades for various customers  ? Proficiently utilized software development life cycle (SDLC) methodologies to monitor executing software development programs/ projects up to $6M for various telecom customer across the United States and Latin America  ? Carried out training for cross-functional project team with 30 members regarding so software development, quality assurance, hosted services, and database (DBA)/system administration in designing and delivering complex onshore/offshore solutions  ? Kept track on project/program schedules, budgets, and estimation of new requirements  ? Provided supervision with Network Analyzer (NA) Project Team in charge of creating, testing, installing, and upgrading digital subscriber line (DSL) network for different customer within Latin America    Key Highlights:  ? Developed efficient solution roadmap to automate service activation and assist telecom providers to improve helpdesk operations that resulted in cost and call response time reductions  ? Introduced an iOS iPad application called Digital Life "DLITE" which developed by ALU for AT&T Senior Project Manager Infosys Technologies Ltd - Plano, TX 2009 to 2012 Oversaw the day-to-day operations of program/ project management activities for PMO, including project schedules, key resources, and budgets  ? Steered efforts for the integration of Xfinity voice with Xfinity TV, COMCAST CIMA, OSS, IMS, and PLAXO address book for remote TV, email, and voice mail access  ? Supervised a 40-member team responsible for RFPs/SOWs, requirements collection, software development, testing, installation, and system upgrades, while mentoring and training 25 direct and 15 indirect reports  ? Served as PMO/delivery manager to leading teams in providing effectual E2E solution design for British Telecom retail and billing platform  ? Rendered hands-on assistant to onsite and offshore project teams in planning, establishing, and implementing SSO quick navigation between Spinco and Retainco systems IT Project Manager Nokia - Irving, TX 2004 to 2009 Held responsibility in managing 15 direct/indirect reports which included project planning, SoWs preparation, requirement gathering, application development, and installation and deployments  ? Successfully executed the following key initiatives:  ? SFDC Nokia's sales incentives project specifically for handling user accounts, licenses, importing list of Nokia strategy/objectives/initiatives, updating year and currencies and data extraction;  ? Nokia's ecommerce portal project allowing customer to purchase mobile phone and Nokia products; browse catalogues; renew licenses and service warranty on purchased product; and develop service request; and  ? Single sign-on (SSO) and Security framework for SCA through Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) guidelines  ? Contributed key insight on infrastructure, distribution, and configuration of Nokia.com Latin American portals, as well as formed DNS change request, resolution, and improvement processes  ? Controlled onsite/offshore project teams in sustaining the integrity and continuity of Nokia.com portal  Constructed SSL request process, media bank access process, network, firewall, appgate, and SecureID access to vendor and external developers  ? Engineered strategic and effective way to utilize internal WIKIs in generating burn-down charts and tracking stories and tasks for Agile teams    Key Highlights:  ? Introduced knowledge-based search engine for resolution and information search throughout Nokia products and support website by executing case management, software downloads, and bug tracking  ? Employed leadership to a cross-functional team to map out, create, and implement sample collection application through Agile practices, which reduced warranty and repair costs while saving at least 1Meur/annum    Earlier Positions Held:  Specialist, Application Architect  Team Lead/System Administration - SalesForce.com and Ovi.com    EARLIER CAREER  Black Hawk Networks (PARAGO, Inc.) Lewisville, TX  Senior Application Engineer    Verizon Data Services Irving, TX  Advanced MTS System Engineer Education Master of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Texas A&M University - Commerce, TX Bachelor of Science in Instrumentation Engineering in Instrumentation Engineering University of Mysore - Mysore, Karnataka Skills Rup, Deployment, Application development, Rms, Iis, Iplanet, Saas, Tomcat, Weblogic, Websphere, Db2, Jboss, Informix, Sql server, Mysql, Oracle, Sql, Ldap, Iaas, Paas, Linux, Salesforce, Scrum Master, Waterfall, Change Management (10+ years) Additional Information Innovative, accomplished, and results-oriented professional with extensive experience in the field of information technology, PMO with emphasis in planning, testing, and implementing plans for complex and large-scaled projects. Expert in enterprise solutions development, end-to-end project process, and system integration; along with Agile, Scrum, and Lean methodologies. Equipped with strong organizational, technical, and communication aptitudes in establishing rapport with diverse individuals. Additional qualifications include:    ? Business Work and Management: Capability to develop and deploy a high-speed internet activation solution, retail merchandise, accounting solution along with other business applications, technologies, and interfaces  ? Employee and Leadership: Effectiveness in coordinating with high-performing teams focused on specific technical, project development, and customer service  ? Resourceful and well-organized; strong background in planning and overseeing multiple projects on time and within budget with outstanding results  ? Strong sense of responsibility; ability to handle and manage tasks within fast-paced environments; successfully manage over $9M program to create and deploy Xfinity mobile application for Android Smartphones  ? Problem solver; ability to handle problems with composure and provide adequate solutions    AREAS OF EXPERTISE    Software and Application Development  Project and Program Management  Enterprise Architecture  Strategic Planning and Implementation  Release/Deployment Management  Agile Process and Product Development  Systems and Network Engineering  Product Roadmap  Budget Administration  Product Installation and Deployment  Process Improvements  Scaled Agile Processes    Methodologies Waterfall, Blended, Lean, Iterative, RUP, Agile, Scrum  Operating System UNIX, Linux, AIX, HPUX, Windows NT/2000/XP/7/8, Android, iOS  Databases/Webservers  /Platforms    Oracle, Informix, SQL SERVER, MySQL, LDAP, DB2, Big Data, WebLogic, WebSphere, JBoss, Tomcat, JRun, Apache, iPlanet, IIS, Cloud, Virtual environment, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, RMS (Retail Merchandising Systems), WMS (Warehouse Management System)