Owner/founder Owner/founder Owner/founder - Athena Consultants, Inc Naples, FL Experienced and versatile results-oriented professional with strong project management, people and problem-solving skills with the ability to:    • Manage and lead projects successfully  • Anticipate and resolve problems in a timely manner  • Lead productive team meetings  • Communicate and work effectively with superiors, team members and supporting staff  • Administer workflow process with great attention to detail Work Experience Owner/founder Athena Consultants, Inc March 2006 to Present Founded and Managed a 100% woman owned and operated Project Management and Owner's Representative business in the NYC area. Performed all aspects of business, on/off site. Successfully completed several large and small upscale projects. Owner/founder Athena Electrical Contracting, Inc March 2012 to December 2015 Project Manager, Sales Management Konsker Electric Corp June 2000 to March 2006 IT Project Manager, Loss Control Division St. Paul Insurance Company March 1996 to June 2000 Education Associate of Science in Computer Programming Santa Fe Community College - Gainesville, FL Skills Project manager, Commercial projects, Change orders, Wiring, Quality control, Operations, Problem solving, Purchasing, Purchase orders, Budget, Claims, Rebuild, Workflow Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/skonsker Additional Information SKILLS    Administrative - As lead project manager for especially difficult high-end hotel renovations, requiring the creation of custom designed spreadsheets, forms, reports, and charts in order to assist in meeting strict deadlines.    Problem Solving - Troubleshooting and resolving software and workflow issues for virtual office staff. Resolved problems quickly and efficiently on construction job sites by making "field decisions" in order to maintain fast-paced schedule. Spearheaded and implemented massive project to upgrade existing in-room PTAC units in 509 guestrooms of an upscale hotel, by recommending the redesign and rebuild of existing units, resulting in saving the owners at least 50% of the cost of purchasing new.    Management - Oversaw complete operations, onsite and offsite, of two major hotel renovations, one totaling $80M in capital and the other $23M in capital. Assessed, estimated and negotiated residential losses for residential claims and negotiated with insurance company for maximum loss return for damages and oversaw renovations to completion. Managed the day-to-day operations, onsite and offsite, of a small electrical contracting business involving adequate wiring, rewiring and fixture upgrades for small to medium residential and commercial projects in Manhattan.    Cost Awareness - Monitored daily purchase orders, BOL/s for incoming FF&E orders for construction renovation projects. Reviewed contractor change orders for verification. Value-engineered as necessary in order to maintain overall budget costs. Performed quality control and implemented increased productivity measures in order to prevent cost overruns.