IT Lead Project/Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Lead <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Lead Project/Program Manager - Huntington Hospital San Dimas, CA Qualified Project Manager Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Master (CSM), with more than 20 years of experience, with a successful path leading an array of diverse technology initiatives, with experience in systems implementation within an IT environment designing different processes and/or solutions for various business customers, and many years of experience in project management or supervisory role.    Accountabilities  Lead Project Manager with overall responsibility for the execution of the project. Manages day to day resources, provides project guidance and monitors and reports on the changes to Schedule, Scope, and Budget during the lifecycle of the project. As the person responsible for the execution of the project, acts as the primary communicator for the project, distributing information according to the Communications Management Plan, and discussing with key IT and business stakeholders the strategic decisions regarding project changes.    Leadership proficiencies  • Strategic Alignment, Governance, and Portfolio management performance, resource allocation, project prioritization, and oversight on project management.  • Resource management, cross functional team oversight: on-site, virtual, vendors, or contractors, regularly manages 4 to 5 FTE's and 8 to 15 contract resources, in a matrix organization.  • Client Relations, Business presentations, Business Case definition, Risk analysis and IT Budget Planning.  • Time-management and budget administration, using different tools.  • Agile and Waterfall proposed approaches depending on project specifics, client goals, and project road map for design optimization, and automation.  • Quarterly releases, budget control, resources allocations, and Financial Status to VP and key stakeholders.  • Financial documentation reviews with external and internal auditors for Compliance Requirements.  • Financial Analysis (Cost/Budget) for Strategy and Demand alignment with Funding.  • Enterprise wide Implementations, System Migrations/Integrations, and legacy system decommissioning.  • EPIC and Cerner modules integration with new or existing systems, EMR updates, integrations, testing, implementation, and support.  • Vendor Management, and Vendor selection process RFP.  • Managing teams across a broad array of technical, and financial projects, directing focus on business objectives and progress to ensure completion of project milestones on time, on budget and with the desired results.  • Risk Mitigation through analysis of financial and statistical data.  • Engaging customers and key stakeholders to evaluate opportunities for improvement  • Highly organized, results oriented, self-motivated, creative problem-solving, solution-oriented individual.  • Able to efficiently communicate with executives, peers, and clients.  • Skillful Leader with great negotiation skills and conflict resolution abilities. Work Experience IT Lead Project/Program Manager Huntington Hospital - Pasadena, CA January 2017 to June 2019 Lead Project Manager with overall responsibility for the execution of the project. Manages day to day resources, provides project guidance and monitors and reports on the changes to Schedule, Scope, and Budget during the lifecycle of the project. Responsible for the execution of projects, primary communicator for the project, distributes information according to the Communications Management Plan, and discuss with key IT and business stakeholders the strategic decisions regarding project changes. IT Project Manager Kaiser Permanente - Pasadena, CA 2007 to 2016 Responsible for the execution of the project. Manages day to day resources, provided project guidance and monitored and reported on changes to Schedule, Scope, and Budget during the lifecycle of the project. IT Lead Business Consultant Kaiser Permanente - Pasadena, CA 2001 to 2007 Responsible for the oversight of monthly applications releases, applications enhancements, and applications upgrades. Managed requirements gathering, releases schedule, overseeing applications development, functionality testing, and user acceptance and training. Lead Systems Analyst Southern California Edison - Rosemead, CA 1997 to 2001 Responsible for the contractor's timekeeping system, overseeing daily operations, system enhancements and related releases. Supervised two Analyst I, providing input for their performance during annual reviews. Group Lead Kaiser Permanente - Pasadena, CA 1990 to 1997 Responsible for daily operation of the Fixed Assets system in the Southern California region, including assets inventory and reporting, payment of Property Taxes, and the supervision of three Union full time employees and three full time accountants. Education Master's in Computer Science - Database Management Bachelor's in Business Administration Skills Microsoft Project (10+ years), Excel (10+ years), MS Office (10+ years), Agile (4 years), Change Management (8 years), Project Management (10+ years), Visio (10+ years), Scrum Master (4 years), integration (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2008 to May 2021 Scrum Master November 2015 to November 2021