IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - UBS Wealth Management USA Princeton, NJ Work Experience IT Program Manager UBS Wealth Management USA January 2016 to Present Mortgage Program: Manage multiple projects with overlapping schedule. Projects range from new business initiative, process improvements to regulatory support. The work involves working with various stakeholders including business, development & testing, operations & infra support, privacy & legal compliance.  • LED implementation of a vendor Saas Mortgage LOS that was customized as well as integrated with existing interfaces to Financial Advisor (FA) reporting and viewing systems.  • COLLABORATED with multiple vendors, IT, business, legal, development teams for implementation of various system components  • COORDINATED with various business, risk, legal, IT teams for reviews/clearance as necessary for various initiatives  • Creation/tracking of projects using JIRA/ project management tools. Consultant Project Manager Northern Trust 2013 to January 2016 Asset Management Technology (AMT):  • LED development project that received data feeds from external & internal providers and loaded it to datamart and calculated and displayed positions and their drift from target models.  • MANAGED multiple projects including tracking cost and budget as well as MONITORED work progress. REPORTED project progress and budget status to Senior Management.  • COLLABORATED with vendors (Fiserv, Advent) onsite & offsite team made of employees and contractors.  • Creation/tracking of projects using JIRA/ project management tools.    Credit Monitoring & Control (CMC):  • LED development project that added ability to manage liquidity and credit exposure/risk as well as performed statutory reporting.  • PERFORMED Agile ceremonies for the project as Scrum Master  • COORDINATED with Group PMO for project/portfolio reporting  • Creation/tracking of projects using JIRA/ project management tools. Senior Project Manager Fannie Mae 2003 to 2013 • Managed Data Initiative projects that involved building transactional system, data warehouse/datamarts and metadata management system. The datamart had Loan, Security and Accounting Fact and various datamarts for reporting/extracts for downstream business intelligence system and adhoc users.  • Managed Data Modeling Projects that involved creation/enforcing data modeling; regular releases of database models to DBA team for implementation; creation/maintenance of source-to-target mappings from transaction to datamart to ETL team; creation/maintenance of conceptual/logical data model and glossary of entities/attributes to be used by business analysts, developers and data steward team. Facilitated Data Change Review meetings to gather/review proposed data model/database changes. Liaison with PMO/senior management on resource forecasting, scheduling including alignment of data projects with overall master project as well as ongoing project tracking & reporting.  • Managed Metadata project that involved building custom solution to maintain system master and reference data including accounting matrix that was designed by accounting dev/business teams to help with accounting components.  • Managed Reports development project to reengineer Actuate Reports/Oracle View to Crystal Reports/Oracle Stored Procedures as well as incorporate functional changes. Team Lead/Principal Consultant PwC Consulting/IBM Business Consulting 1999 to 2003 • Lead Data Architect for Payor System, a data warehouse for major pharmaceutical firm, developed to analyze customers' purchasing activities. Standardized naming policy for data elements, led technical team to design data architecture, data provisioning procedures for the Oracle based datamart.  • Led the development team that enhanced an asset management reporting data warehouse for a major investment bank to accept many more data sources; designed complex, source specific business rules data transformations; devised a solution to track code coverage for complex business rules that enabled client end users with their acceptance testing efforts.  • Designed, developed and implemented Automated Testing and Change Management System for a major investment bank's Credit Risk Management Department enabling client IT staff to efficiently and reliably manage revisions and testing of their code base.  • For a major investment bank, worked on Private Client Service Management Reporting System. This is a web-enabled system that allows dynamic drill down. Was responsible for writing Sybase stored procedures and UNIX scripts. Also implemented a reporting application in Sybperl that generated an Excel compatible spreadsheet with links to Bridge application.  • For a major investment bank, worked on surveillance and compliance system for their trading systems. Designed/developed database routines as well as data acquisition using C++. Developed/Maintained data models using ERWin. Education Master's in Business Administration Univ of Maryland - College Park, MD None in Post-graduate Diploma in Software Technology National Center of Software Technology Skills Data management, Master data management, Metadata, Oracle, Sql, Sybase, Team management, Jira, C++, Git, Ms project, Perl, Visio, Er studio, Erwin, Rdbms, Java, Cost management, Project Management, Agile, Microsoft Project, Scrum Master, Change Management Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP Present PSM I Present JCP Present