IT Project Manager/Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst Experienced Project Manager and System Analyst Nicholasville, KY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager/Business Analyst Marquis Software Solutions - Tallahassee, FL July 2015 to July 2019 Led an onsite team of system programmers and analyst in building and maintaining the Ky Offender Management System for the KY Department of Corrections. My role included managing project tasks, training, testing, creating system requirements, envisioning system modules, hosting meetings with management and team members, tracking tasks and schedule, providing assistance to Help Desk and DOC staff members, providing updates and presentations for statewide management, demonstrations of software, etc. IT Project Manager (Consultant) Northrop Grumman - Virginia Beach, VA January 2001 to July 2015 Onsite business analyst, business and system requirements manager, provided system testing and training, tracking tasks and testing for system modules, creation of requirements, statistics, reports, assistance for client staff on the KY Offender Management System project team for the KY Department of Corrections. My role also included tracking schedule of project, writing RFPs and envisioning documents, meeting with management and team members, hosting meetings, providing project status and updates, creating presentations and auido/video based training documents for the system. Education Bachelor's in Criminal Justice Administration Liberty University - Nicholasville, KY August 2011 to June 2013 Associate in Business and Information Technology University of Phoenix-Online Campus - Virginia Beach, VA February 2009 to March 2011 Skills Project Management, Six Sigma Green Belt, Process Improvement, Change Management, Systems Integration, Requirements Management, Requirements Analysis, Requirements Gathering, Technical Support, Technical Writing, Team Building, Team Leader, Communications, Public Speaking, Training & Development, Testing, Statistics, Presentation Skills, Presentation Design, System Administration, Scheduling, Proposal Writing, Management (2 years), Criminal Justice (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt March 2001 to Present Experienced and certified in Six Sigma through GE Capital over a decade ago. Re-certified with Northrop Grumman through their in-house training program. Have led several Process Improvement related projects. Additional Information Extremely knowledgable of the Prison/Jail environment after working over ten years in that area. Experienced with systems and databases used to track prison information. Skilled and knowledgable with all MS based computer programs, audio/video, social media, etc. Excellent computer based skills and learn new systems quickly.