Network Project Manager Network <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Network Project Manager Camden, SC I have well over 17 years of experience supporting the network infrastructure to include: hands on experience with Windows ADS, Windows server 2003/2008/2012, Exchange 2007/2010, VMWare, IIS, WINS, DNS, DHCP, TCP/IP, Varonis, EMC SANs, Nimble, eSET, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Dynamics, Checkpoint firewalls, Cisco's products (ASA, Concentrators, routers, switches, wireless and VoIP), LAN/WAN networking, VPN Technology, desktop support, hardware support and system upgrades. I have extensive experience in HIPPA, SOX, FDA, project management (internal and customer facing), excellent management skills, remarkable problem solving/fault isolation, sound consulting/decision, and solid financial forecasting/budgeting.    * Proven Success Leading Information Technology to Meet Business Goals  * Proven Development and Execution of Strategic Plans  * Proven Talent for Hiring, Developing, and Retaining the Right Talent and Great Teams  * Proven Success Leading Complex Cross Functional in International Teams in Biotechnology and Government.  * Proven Management of Large Scope Technical projects  * Highly Effective Facilitator and Negotiator  * Financially Astute Manager with an eye on the bottom line  * Multiple Merger, Acquisition, and Divestiture IT transitions  * Technical Project Management (12+ years)  * Building Vendor Relationships    Specialties: Broad working knowledge of Information Technology  * Management skills  * Problem solving and fault isolation  * Consulting and decision-making skills  * Financial forecasting and budgeting  * System/network architecture and design  * International infrastructure  * Strategic Planning  * Tactical Execution  * Leadership and Management  * Network Management  * Project Management  * Hiring and Developing Great Talent Work Experience Network Project Manager VIVA-USA/Allstate - Charlotte, NC March 2017 to December 2018 Administrated the North America infrastructure project management with the focus on networking components, which includes servers, LAN/WAN, VPN, application deployment, IT Integration, network security, and decommission/cleanup efforts. Collaborating with various business divisions to establish more effective applications and systems to deliver excellent customer service.  • Lead Network Engineer / Technical Project Manager - Liaison with various IT Infrastructure groups regarding Network and Telecom projects with an emphasis to network security.  • Project Manager/Technical Lead in the activation of 3 new External Call Center offices supporting over 45,000 calls monthly for roadside services to reduce wait time by 30%.  • Recommended redesign of some MPLS links with external business associates, which resulted in cost savings of $34K a year.  • Addressed security vulnerabilities with external access to Allstate PBX with the placement of an Avaya Gateway on the DMZ to mitigate risk with the new design.  • Brainstormed with product management and engineering leadership to define the overall goals, scope, work breakdown, drafting and publishing policies governing network security, stand operating procedures for areas surrounding networking and security process.  • Contributed to the infrastructure environments, networking, planning, LAN/WAN, VLAN's, VPN's, firewall, and F5 VIP configuration and design.  • Facilitated a complete analysis and understanding of interdependencies, business risks, and mitigation that could affect by the delivery of new products and services. Senior System Engineer Modis/Confidential - Atlanta, GA January 2017 to March 2017 Exploring relocating to Southeast US and took a short-term role to determine if the Atlanta area was a possible option)  Responsible for, but not limited to the migration of 2500 servers from P2V and V2V of Windows and CentOS 7 Servers.  • Executed the migration of 136 Windows V2V servers.  • Collaborated in the creation of standard templates and customization scripts for quick deployment.  • Guided and planned the application migration from Windows 2003 to Windows 2012.  • Coordinated the Security and Operating System level patches on Windows 2008 R2, 2012 R2 using SCCM, and WSUS offline method.  • Accelerated the Qualy's scan process of Windows servers by instituting pre-approved standard templates resulting in saving the cost of man-hours by 35%.  • Extensively worked on troubleshooting operating system related issues with Windows 2016, 2012 R2 and 2008 servers and drafting and publishing policies and procedures.  • Aided in adjusting processes with building Virtual from scripts that required adjustments and streamlining steps needed to move from pre-production to production.  • Assisted in the monitoring of the Cisco UCS B & C - Series blade servers using Cisco unified manager.  • Identified issues and corrective action with network routing and DNS, where there had been system failures.  • Polished the tuning of Virtual servers and Virtual sessions by reviewing application utilization prior to deployment to ensure resource allocation are optimized. IT Director Montachusett Regional Transit Authority (MART), MA February 2013 to October 2016 Administrated the network infrastructure of 4 offices with 2 data centers. These offices supported 121 users and a business operation of 24/7. The infrastructure was composed of 150 Windows Servers, EMC SAN's, Nibble SAN, Windows Active Directory, SharePoint, Exchange, Oracle, SQL, LAN/WAN Cisco network components, Firewalls, VoIP, and AirWatch. Other responsibilities included Compliance, creation/supporting of policies and procedure, Desktop support, and purchasing to include software/hardware. Managed a $3.6M annual budget with a staff of 8.  • Directed the successful migration of EarthLink voice/data to AT&T, which included 85 external facing systems, DNS, firewall rule updates and resulted in $150K cost savings annually.  • Overhauled the network infrastructure and implemented changes to improve network reliability from 65% to 98% by upgrading numerous products and implementing Microsoft and Cisco best practices.  • Launched the deployment of Cisco 3850's stacks to support AT&T's MPLS (voice/date) using BGP and OSPF for enhanced security and network monitoring.  • Modernized the replacement of all non-manageable switches with Cisco 3650's.  • Increased productivity by migrating from SonicWall firewalls to Cisco ASA, which supported Windows 10 VPN client to allow work from home.  • Implemented and deployed 3 VMware environments, 2 EMC and 1 Nimble SAN's to alleviate hardware dependencies of virtual servers.  • Deployed ExaGrid and leveraged Veeam for the backups of all VM environments.  • Introduced best practices, IT policies, standards, and procedures for the governance of HPIAA, COBIT, NIST-800, and addressed FTA requirements.  • Slashed hardware and software administration costs 60% by leveraging spare equipment and virtualization.  • Collaborated with the management company, human resources, finance, call center, and other members of IT to develop a DR/BC response and capability procedure.  • Orchestrated cost negotiation with external vendors for collaborative applications, implemented, training, and support and cost reduction of $60K a year. IT Manager Robert Half/Windmill International, Inc - Nashua, NH October 2012 to February 2013 Responsible for the infrastructure of 18 Windows Servers, 3 offices, firewalls, PC's, hardware/software, and supporting 52 users.  • With the departure of all IT staff and with limited documentation, the process of analyzing the environment, resetting of passwords to all network devices was accomplished within 24 hours.  • Remedied Active Directory Security and replication as users experienced authentication problems.  • Solved WINS and DNS name resolution issues for internal and external sites.  • Reconciled VPN access on the Cisco ASA 5510 in addition to creating and modifying the various NAT and server access rules from external.  • Performed LAN upgrade from 10/100 switches to Cisco 10/100/1000 switches, which alleviated network congestion and improved performance.  • Negotiated with external vendors on support contracts for maximum value, reducing cost by 10%. Senior IT Manager Xyleco, Inc March 2012 to July 2012 Administrated the infrastructure of 3 separate building units and supported 60 users operating Mac's and PC's.  • Constructed a VPN for the collaboration of 40,000 patents with an external law firm.  • Strengthened security access by Implemented and configured Active Directory to enable user authentication to the network and to restrict access to sensitive information.  • Revamped wireless security access be disabling SID broadcast.  • Instituted daily backup of critical workstations, which have been collecting data for years and never been backup using Arconis.  • Created and implemented cGMP and ISO 9001 validation documentation.    IT Director MENTOR Network Boston, MA June 2007 to March 2012 Administrated the infrastructure across 37 states with a user base of 7000+ with a 24/7 business requirement. Responsibilities included Windows Active Directory (500+ servers), supporting a Colo Office, Exchange 2003/2010, creating and maintaining and Infrastructure roadmap for each FY, Citrix, VMware, Network Security, F5 Load-Balancers, LAN/WAN, telephone phone system Managed a $2.8M annual budget with a staff of 11.  • Accomplished voice and data circuit cost merging services and carriers resulting in $95K cost saving.  • Implemented VMware ESX 5.0 with EMC VNXe 3000 to replace legacy physical servers and reduce cost of ownership, which resulted in $30K cost savings annually.  • Introduced Symantec PureDisk to centralized backups, which reduced IT operational cost by 30%, removed involvement by remote office staff, the need for tapes, shipping, and improved data restores.  • Revamped the LAN/WAN network access efficiency by improving EIGRP and OSPF configuration to address performance issues.  • Modernized web server load balancing by the deployment of F5 appliances.  • Collaborated with executive and IT leadership to develop and commit resources, communicate across all states, produce standards, policies, and procedures.  • Instituted previously nonexistent guidelines within the Windows Active Directory and Help Desk group, which improved internal process and enhanced productivity.  • Administered Active Directory, Exchange 2003/2007, Server 2003, and 2008.  • Refined security procedures, documentation to be compliant with NIST-800, HIPPA and SOX. IT Senior Manager PAREXEL International - Lowell, MA October 1999 to June 2007 Administrated the strategy and operations of a global healthcare infrastructure, which included the design, architecture, and support of Networking (400 + devices). This included Windows Active Directory (1500 + servers), remote desktop, created/maintained the IT Roadmap for each FYI, External Email, Network Security (40 + firewalls) and external clients while supporting 24/7 environment located in 57 offices in 46 countries. Managed a $3.2M annual budget and a staff of 17.  • Collaborated with business units to develop project budget estimates and presented formal specifications to over 40 clients with estimated revenue $3.4 million.  • Remodeled the WAN with failover capability by leveraging VPN via the Internet resulting in 99% uptime and business cost savings of approximately $100K annually due to link outages.  • Integrally involved in seamless infrastructure (Windows/Novell servers, workstations, LAN/WAN) build outs at various hospitals and offices globally to improve performance and user productivity.  • Spearheaded numerous initiatives involving, NOS, networking security, and secure email with an emphasis on driving business partner communications.  • Chaired as the IT representative regarding mergers/acquisitions of the infrastructure, organization, and technology with all business units.  • Created all necessary documentation to validate the infrastructure to meet FDA, SAS70, HIPPA, and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance requirements.  • Facilitated in business and functional requirements in conjunction with business partners; technical designs, and business objective review to determine the evaluation of success. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Bishop College Certificate The George Washington University Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, CITRIX, DHCP, EIGRP Additional Information TECHNICAL EXPERTISE  Operating Systems - Windows Active Directory, Server 2016/2012/2008/203/2000/NT, Windows 10/7/XP, VMware, UNIX, Citrix Metaframe, Sun Solaris 2.7, Red Hat Linux 7.1, various Mobile Devices  Application Software - Service Now, Splunk, Jira Project Management, Veeam, Varonis, SQL 7.0, Exchange 2010/2007/2003, EMC Networker, Backup Exec, Nimble, SolarWinds, Wireshark, Oracle, SolidWorks, SAP, Trend Micro A/V, Symantec Endpoint Protection/Microsoft WSUS, MS SCOM, Microsoft IIS, Microsoft Office, Office 365, Visio, Cisco ACS, Unix services Send Mail, Mitel  Security - Cisco ASA, Palo Alto, CheckPoint Firewall, Juniper, SonicWALL, WatchGuard, IIS Real Secure IDS, Barracuda Spam Firewall, ESET  Networking - VPN, NAT, PAT, VoIP, LAN, WAN, TCP/IP, EIGRP, OSPF, HSRP, WINS, DHCP, DNS, DSL, T1, T3, ATM, Lease Lines, Frame Relay, SNMP  Hardware - EMC, HP, Nimble, Dell, SUN, ExaGrid, Cisco, F5, Avaya, Mitel, Quantum, Polycom, 3Com