Senior Manager, IT Control & Compliance Senior <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Control &amp; Compliance Certified Manager of Quality & Organizational Excellence Lafayette, CO • Strategically focused and data-driven leader experienced in directing assessment and improvement programs.  • Managed business risks for $32 million in annual software spend.  • ITIL v3 certified: Intermediate Service Transition  • Servant leader who coaches and mentors team, exemplifies accountability, ownership, and responsibility, and provides strategy and environment in which team members are empowered to succeed.  • Customer advocate who partners with customers to understand business needs and continuously improve projects and services to enable customer success.  • Member: American Society for Quality (ASQ), IAITAM, Colorado Technology Association Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Manager, IT Control & Compliance DigitalGlobe - Westminster, CO November 2012 to Present Senior Manager, IT Control & Compliance  June 2017 to Present  • Directed strategic, risk-based roadmap for IT Asset Management and Change Control program.  • Developed vision, mission, and strategy for Control and Compliance program, while ensuring alignment with enterprise-wide objectives.  • Directed external vendor audits and decreased risks to business for license compliance and external vendor audit response process for $32 million in software assets.  • Reduced annual risks of vendor audits by $6 million.  • Directed and monitored enterprise-wide program for external vendor audits, license compliance, operational change management, and asset management.  • Managed a team of experienced asset managers and change control across four disparate business units across the US and Canada after Maxar acquisition of DigitalGlobe in 2017.  • Established policies and processes for asset and change control programs for Maxar IT Shared Services.  • Aligned all business units to one common process for software license compliance, external vendor audit response, software renewals, and asset tracking.  • Provided governance for cross-functional services and ensured all Asset Management and Change Control processes were followed.  • Improved change tracking to increase customer satisfaction.    Manager, Asset, Change, and Telecom Team  June 2014 to June 2017  • Directed shifts from manual based processes to pipeline driven controls to provide more flexibility to the business to address rapidly shifting customer needs.   • Developed and implemented asset management and change control processes to reduce risks to service availability and production revenue.  • Developed strategy and processes for asset management with focus of reducing risks to business of unplanned expenditures and maximizing corporate savings.  • Drove comprehensive internal software compliance reviews to ensure rigorous adherence to licensing.  • Established process for external vendor audit responses in a way to reduce risks to the business.  • Led high-performing team of telecom and IAITAM certified asset specialists who identified and drove savings of US$ 3 Million annually.  • Developed change control processes to focus on lowering customer impacts from changes and shifting technical teams focus on how small changes could have big impacts on customers.     Manager, Systems Change Management  November 2012 to June 2014  • Created and drove strategic focus for change control to drive improved customer experience, ensure limited impacts to operations, and reduce risks to the business.  • Developed, implemented, and measured customer-based operational change processes in keeping with industry standard best practices and security guidelines.  • Reduced risks to business by managing operational and customer impacting change process.  • Drove continuous process improvement for change control. IT Service Excellence Consultant ACCENTURE - Arlington, VA March 2011 to November 2012 • Designed and implemented ITIL-aligned operational process improvement solutions from initial assessment/diagnosis through process design and solution implementation.  • Developed operational process flows, job aids, training materials, templates, and design specifications for ITIL processes.  • Conducted Operational Readiness Training (ORT) for Initial Operating Capacity (IOC) and Full Operating Capacity (FOC).  • Developed and delivered training for Incident, Problem, and Change Management for ITSM Remedy solution.  • Designed roadmaps for deploying operational processes for maintaining optimal IT service. IT SERVICE MANAGEMENT PROCESS CONSULTANT May 2006 to March 2011 • Conducted process audits, assessments, and gap analyses based on ITIL and CMMI processes.  • Developed and implemented process improvement roadmaps and plans.  • Facilitated collaborative cross-functional working sessions to identify process inefficiencies and identify solutions.  • Managed organization-wide project process improvement projects for client companies.  • Trained and mentored project teams in industry best practices.  • Developed and implemented compliance and process audit process. Senior Consultant BEARINGPOINT - Springfield, VA February 2005 to May 2006 • Led project to CMMI Maturity Level 4 from SW-CMMI Level 3 in nine months.  • Served as member of SCAMPI assessment for CMMI Maturity Level 4.  • Conducted quarterly and monthly project audits and quantitative project management.  • Facilitated decision analysis and resolution sessions. Project Process Coordinator LIPPER, INC - Denver, CO November 1998 to August 2004 Project Process Coordinator  October 2001 to August 2004   • Developed change management process.   • ClearQuest Change Management tool administrator.   • Managed I.T. process improvement initiative.   • Participated in SCAMPI assessments.  Data Quality Analyst  November 1998 to October 2001   • Analyzed data quality of customer reports to facilitate improved customer data.  • Resolved data issues to ensure customer satisfaction.  • Managed data quality metrics project.   • Performed data quality audits and identified process improvements. Education Bachelor of Arts in English in Speech Communication Trinity University - San Antonio, TX Skills Asset Management (5 years), Change Management (10+ years), ITIL (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Management (8 years), Budgeting (3 years), Financial Management (3 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/mary-haskins-b06b634 Certifications/Licenses Certified Manager of Quality/Organizational Excellence July 2019 to December 2022 ITIL v3 Intermediate Service Transition March 2014 to Present