FIRE ALARM PROJECT MANAGEMENT FIRE ALARM <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> MANAGEMENT FIRE ALARM PROJECT MANAGEMENT - JOHNSON CONTROLS Alexandria, VA Work Experience FIRE ALARM PROJECT MANAGEMENT JOHNSON CONTROLS 2017 to Present Serve as Fire Alarm Project Manager for various projects including the New Construction and Modernization on AARP, Pentagon, and Architect of the Capitol, BB&T Bank, ESA Sports Arena, Square 37, and Fannie Mae. Managed Sprinkler Installations in L'efant Plaza, and numerous projects throughout the DC Metro Area. Notable achievements are:    • Effectively lead the profitable execution of assigned projects by performing cost estimation and scheduling to ensure timely and quality delivery.  • Manage cost, improved margins, and ensure that invoices and collection efforts achieve profitability goals and maintain positive cash flow in the Low Voltage and Sprinkler Division.  • Performs earned value analysis to provide burn rates that ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget and scope, and with low variances.  • Acts as Team Lead on Change Order Negotiations.  • Fosters long and prosperous relationships with customers, subcontractors, and government officials.  • Acts as the Key Liaison for Johnson Controls with County and State Inspectors.  • Trains New Project Managers for the Fire Alarm & Sprinkler Division.  • Manage subcontractor negotiations and performance to ensure they work within the values and service levels characteristic of Johnson Controls. OPERATIONS PROJECT MANAGER GREENCO ELEVATOR - Washington, DC 2016 to 2017 Oversaw the day-to-day activities during the New Installation (NI) of various types of vertical transportation for two major Greenco projects: The MGM Grand at the National Harbor in Washington, DC and the Joint Operations Center (JOC) at Fort Meade, MD. Responsible for ensuring projects stayed within schedule and budget as well as maintained acceptable levels of variances throughout. Provided prompt resolution of all contractual, resource, materials and customer issues, as required. Notable achievements were:    • Reversed negative cost (over budget) and schedule variances (behind schedule) within 60 days after assuming oversight for The MGM Grand Project. Quickly dealt with contractual issues causing a resource shortage to get the project back on schedule, while implementing more cost-effective alternatives to ensure that project was under budget.  • Increased communication and overall satisfaction of the Fort Meade customer who was extremely dissatisfied with communication of progress on the JOC Project before my oversight. Provided more effective communication with customer to increase transparency and establish trust. OPERATIONS PROJECT MANAGER 2015 to 2016 FIELD OPERATIONS MANAGER APPRENTICESHIP THYSSENKRUPP ELEVATOR - Alexandria, VA 2014 to 2015 Upon completion of a several months management training program (for which I received considerable recognition), selected by the President for a specialized position in the Washington DC metro area. Provided management and support services for more than 3000 units with oversight of 26 mechanics and 3 repair teams. Served as Operations Project Manager with routine responsibilities that encompassed traditional tasks typical to Service Superintendents and Repair Managers. Notable achievements were:    • Reduced labor costs by 66% by streamlining business processes by reducing the number of employees needed for specific operations while maintaining or exceeding the same levels of productivity.  • Increased contract fulfillment by 27% within the first six months of field operations management.  • Increased customer satisfaction by 16% by establishing quality control metrics and implementing strategies to recruit, train, and retain high-quality service technicians  • Provided feedback for performance-based reviews of field personnel to Field Operations Manager for incentives and recognition awards. IT PROJECT MANAGER TRIBAL DATA EXCHANGE 'TDE' SYSTEM 2009 to 2014 Managed all phases of the System Development Life Cycle for TDE System, ensuring all milestones were met within required variances with acceptable levels of quality. Notable achievements were:    • Received "Innovation" award for successful implementation of the TDE system that was accessible by more than 400 tribes across the US.  • Planned, coordinated and facilitated TDE training at multiple tribal regions throughout the country including Palm Springs, CA; Portland, OR; and Anchorage, AK.  • Served as the key point of contract to the Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COTR) for both tribal and government partners. CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER TWIN CONTRACTING 2007 to 2009 Served as Construction Project Manager for various projects including the renovations to Washington Hospital Center and the expansion of the Episcopal High School in Alexandria, VA. Routinely conducted site/building studies, defined scope, and performed cost analysis. Notable achievements were:    • Recognized by Senior Management for implementing standard operating procedures for assessing potential risk when deciding to bid on new work.  • Performed pre-construction tasks, such as estimating and scheduling work, subcontractor selection, and reviewing customer plans.  • Increased customer satisfaction rates with long-time customers which led to positive referrals for new work.  • Coordinated with the purchasing department to ensure all raw materials and equipment were available in a timely manner.  • Ensured that all work performed was following city or county requirements and building codes.  • Handled all safety issues delegated by the community and ensured adherence to all EPA and OSHA guidelines by all personnel performing work on the site. CONSTRUCTION MANAGER LENNAR, INC 2005 to 2007 Managed the construction of more than 600 homes throughout Prince William County, VA in planned residential communities, including Heritage Hunt, Cramer's Ridge, and Spriggs Run. Notable achievements were:  • Scheduled, inspected, and approved all work performed by subcontractor personnel.  • Handled all safety issues delegated by the community and ensured adherence to all EPA and OSHA guidelines by all individuals performing work on the site.  • Scheduled and facilitated all safety and building inspections with city and county representatives.  • Reviewed all contractor invoices for accuracy and completion.  • Ensured that all work performed was following city or county requirements and building codes. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Management University of Maryland - Adelphi, MD Skills Microsoft project, Fire Protection, Fire Alarm, Low Voltage, Scheduling, Outlook, budget, Maintenance, Estimating Additional Information Highly experienced project manager with 14+ years of progressive experience in project management and building construction.. Exceptional customer satisfaction record with both individual and corporate clients. Detail-oriented and dedicated to meeting timeline goals and budgetary requirements. Many years of Construction Management experience along with strong leadership and interpersonal skills. Extremely successful in coordinating and scheduling work with New Construction and Service Department. Expert in implementing site safety and security procedures. Exceptional project management knowledge, accomplishments, and pro-active in improving business process programs, including the following:.    • Comprehensive knowledge of construction principles and methodologies.  • Excellent troubleshooting, communication, organizational, and management skills.  • Expert ability to handle multiple tasks with excellent leadership and monitoring skills.  • Expert ability to prioritize work activities based upon financial impact to desired business goals.  • Expert knowledge of Sales and Account Management.    Area of Expertise    OSHA 30 Certified Operations Management Supervision & Training  Organization & Communication Logistics Policy Development Budget Execution & Oversight  Negotiation & Leadership Quality Audits and Site Reviews Business Planning & Development  Productivity & Performance Improvement Customer Care & Time Management Project & Construction Management    Technical Expertise    Proficient in Office 365 Suite, Microsoft Project, and Various Web Technologies