Information Technology Student Information Technology Student Information Technology Professional Houston, TX Innovative IT professional, well-prepared to leverage advanced software development and business operations training and 14+ years’ successful enterprise project management experience. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Technology Student Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA 2014 to 2017 Applied knowledge of application and database development and leveraged skill with systems analysis and design  methodologies to complete assigned tasks. Extensive training included Application Programming, Web Architecture and Development, Database Management, System Analysis and Design, C# and Advanced Object-Oriented Programming,  Web Enterprise Technologies, Integrated Programming and Technologies, Enterprise Systems and Integration, and Information Security.  * Utilized project management methodologies to spearhead a project relating to national online voting utilizing  PHP and MySQL technologies.  * Completed the "My Family Tree" project comprised of the development of the organization's profile, including  mission, values, products, and online shopping; developed the website on a local host PHP server and loaded it  online.  * Calculated personal details and gross and net income for a front-end development project that utilized C#.  * Completed numerous other projects utilizing Java on vote counting and commission, premium, and or sum  assured calculation to be used for an online web service. Accounting Student U.S. Career Institute - Fort Collins, CO 2013 to 2014 Successfully fulfilled required coursework in accounts payable and receivables, bank reconciliation, bookkeeping, and payroll to achieve a Certificate in Accounting. IT Consultant X-Pert Solutions - Harare, ZW 2010 to 2012 Interfaced with C-level executives and key stakeholders to gather and evaluate the specific requirements for enterprise  insurance systems. Identified and evaluated business technology requirements and recommended appropriate  technologies aligned with business strategies, goals, objectives, and user needs. Designed and developed custom  infrastructure, configured and implemented customer relationship management systems.  * TropicalRe (System for reinsurance policy administration): refined user requirement, created flight tender  invitation letter, and evaluated potential vendors and potential systems.  * Selected the best fit and spearheaded the system implementation.  * Filmas Ltd: Evaluated potential vendors and systems, refined user requirement, and developed flight tender  invitation letter. IT Manager / Project Manager Fidelity Life Assurance - Harare, ZW 1998 to 2010 Spearheaded multiple enterprise-level development projects through testing, deployment, implementation, and customer support. Collaborated key stakeholders to establish requirements for new systems and features; defined  project scope and deliverables, created technology roadmaps, drafted budget proposals, created timelines, and met  milestones. Ensured the IT infrastructure remained fully functional and available to all users. Managed the development  and implementation of transitions, migrations, and modernization of technical programs and managed services;    coordinated and directed resources, identified and remedied risk, handled emergent issues, and recommended  alternatives. Ensured proper documentation of plans, schedules, changes, and P&L reporting.  * Oversaw conversion of policy administration system from ICL TME to digital VMS format.  * Achieved a 25% cost reduction through modernization of legacy employee benefits and individual life policy  administration systems.  * Automated front- and back-end policy administration procedures.  * Provided supervision for two (2) sections in Operations to include the Operations Supervisor and two (2)  operators.  * Coached and mentored senior and junior systems analysts programmers on the execution of application  development.    The End Education Master of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology WGU University - Austin, TX February 2018 to Present Bachelor's in Computer Science Liberty University - Lynchburg, VA February 2014 to November 2017 Skills Object-oriented, Oop, System development, B2c, Life cycle (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management (CAPM) July 2019 to July 2024 This certification is issued by the Project management Institute (PMI). and is valid for five years.