Program/ Project Manager Program/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program/ Project Manager San Antonio, TX Work Experience Program/ Project Manager Peyton Resource Group May 2019 to Present Within Enterprise Money Movement(EMM), work collectively with Assistant Vice President and direct report Directors to drive BCC initiatives in:  • Established utilization of Asana for seven current workstreams for inputs of project status and initiatives for real time updates and visibility.   • Facilitating collaboration on creative alternatives to project challenges with subject matter experts  • Identify and apply industry best practices for process improvements.   • Establish advance capabilities in program and project design where possible.  • Ensures compliance with company policies and procedures.  • Communicate with project stakeholders and executive/senior management on a consistent cadence IV&V Consultant COGNOSANTE CONSUTLING December 2018 to April 2019 As a Business Analyst consultant assess DDI Contractor deliverables such as Project Management Plan and Schedule, CMS Certification Checklist(s), Detailed System Design documents, User Documentation, Training Plans, Implementation Strategies, Implementation and Rollout Plans, and Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Plans. Deliver recommendations on the management and technical aspects of contractor deliverables to state and CMS. Attend weekly client and vendor meetings to provide subject matter expertise and assistance as applicable. IT Project Manager Contractor Peyton Resource Group May 2018 to November 2018 IT Project Manager - Project Manager filling the roll of Product Owner, leading teams to define the processes and standards in partnership with business, technology and other departments' portfolio leaders aligning to Scaled Agile's (SAFe) portfolio level. Ensuring the features of upcoming product(s) are clearly defined for the data analytics team and valuable for the internal customers. The product, the portfolio management function' has the highest level of decision-making and financial accountability for the solutions in a SAFe portfolio and includes funding, governance and operations. IS Project Manager- PMO UNIVERSITY HEALTH SYSTEM- Healthcare October 2016 to December 2017 Build and manage project teams, report to the project sponsor, PMO, project stakeholders and external consultants and ensure quality control throughout the project. Project areas include EMR upgrade which has over 6, 000 end users, EMR interfaces for Clinical Decision Support, Service Desk Implementation(BMC Footprints) and Food Service POS Implementation at hospital and satellite locations.  ? Plan, execute and monitor enterprise Service Desk software in which over 8,000 End Users would be impacted. Gathered requirements from SME's to ensure adequate build out of workspace  ? Lead highly complex or strategic initiatives requiring confidentiality and enterprise-level visibility to hospital executives and board members  ? Work across IT/IS departments, cross-functional team to ensure quality delivery of products  ? Accountable for the application of industry best practices and trends to increase effectiveness. PMO Project Coordinator COGNOSANTE- Healthcare IT September 2013 to September 2016 Along with Project Manager facilitated planning and decision-making, to successfully execute projects aligned to the business strategic plan for our client. Developed and managed scope, schedule, budget and deliverables for multiple strategic projects within the portfolio to deliver planned value. Confirmed all projects followed established methodology and best practices.  ? Collaborate closely with project manager to ensure successful planning, development, and timely client deliverables for multiple simultaneous projects, to include implementation of CRM database  ? Identified and managed risk associated with regulatory and compliance efforts high in complexity and scope.  ? Ensure all projects are correctly documented, tracked and reported to the Portfolio/Program Manager  ? Ensure program and project risks are managed according. Escalated point of contact as needed  ? Ensure SharePoint is correctly documented and project artifacts adequately meet standards  ? Determine comprehensive approach to procedural and process changes to comply with directives  ? Contribute to project completion by applying data trend analysis, scope management, risk mitigation, issue resolution, financial oversight, and milestone documentation.  ? Gather, organize, and monitor project task updates, and managed tracking resources  ? Develop, execute, and sustain project archives, and construct reports and presentations reflecting crucial project details. Project / Administrative Manager of Nursing NORTHEAST METHODIST HOSPITAL-Healthcare October 2011 to September 2013 Providing strategic direction during the implementation stages  ? Managing client expectations by ensuring the delivery of the highest quality service  ? Coordinate, assist and support PCI Security Compliance projects  ? Function at the highest skill level in project management  ? Identifies and schedules project deliverables, milestones, and required tasks.  ? Monitoring project risks/scope creep to identify problems and proactively identifying solutions.  ? Managed work schedule for 80-member team comprised of RNs, PCAs, and monitor technicians.  ? Conducted interviewing and onboarding new employees, performance evaluations, and career development initiatives. Maintained employee confidential and educational files.  ? Reconciled internal payroll, supervised vacation requests, and staffed appropriately  ? Provided timely productivity reports and performance assessments to senior leadership. Assistant Office Management Cargil Produce - Uvalde, TX May 2007 to October 2009 Certified Pharmacy Technician H-E-B Pharmacy - Uvalde, TX March 2004 to May 2007 Education BS in Business Administration Attended University of Incarnate Word August 2008 to December 2012 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2015 to May 2022 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) April 2016 to April 2021