Technical Consultant/ Project Manager Technical Consultant/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Technical Consultant/ Project Manager Riverview, FL Work Experience Technical Consultant/ Project Manager Apex Systems December 2018 to April 2019 Client facing Technical Consultant coordinated efforts to establish transmission connectivity for mid to large cap clients for cash management services working with their technology, staff and third-party vendors. Utilized Scrum standup meetings and sprints between five and seven days. Provided services for up to 20 clients in the private and public sector industries such as academia, state pension, health care and manufacturing. Short term Contract Client: Bank of America.  * Onboarding the University of Maryland's Medical Center in under 10 days. An attempt 12 months earlier to onboard the University of Maryland's Medical Center was unsuccessful. The University was allowing one more opportunity to Bank of America before using a competitor for payroll and accounts payable processing. Created a detailed plan, based on the detailed processing requirements of the University of Maryland's Medical Center by using the PMP skills such as Critical Path Method for schedule management. The University of Maryland's Medical  Center was onboarded successfully in less than 10 days. Project Manager/Process Improvement INSYS Group, Inc April 2018 to December 2018 Process Improvement Specialist for Internal Product, focusing on executive management reporting for strategic decision making. Reduce processing time and simplify the execution of daily and monthly management reports. Used data capturing techniques to transform and load data into metrics and key performance indicators. Contractor Client: CitiGroup.  * Improved Efficiency of Daily Release Management Report. Reduced time required to generate the Daily Release Management Report by 84% and increased the accuracy to 100%. Conducted a time and motion study, identified redundancies and probable risk points to replace the previous manual reporting processes with an automated process. Business Analyst The Judge Group November 2016 to April 2017 Data Governance Reporting Specialist for Data Quality Team supporting the efforts of 16 Products in 5 Global Regions. Extracted, transformed and loaded raw data into executive management reports for strategic decision making. The reports were presented in the form of Heat Maps that visualized the data in terms of metrics, and key performance indicators presented as bar charts, line charts and pie charts. Contractor Client: CitiGroup.  * Quick Turnaround for Monthly Reports. Reduced time required to create monthly report from data by 92%. Analyzed the raw data in Excel and HP-ALM to determine a better process. Linked Microsoft Office products, created and used macros to automatically build pie charts, line and bar charts into PowerPoint Slides for reporting. Project Management Expert DiSys/Princeton Information Systems April 2015 to July 2016 Generated comprehensive monthly scorecards using testing metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) on defect resolution, testing and cycle time of fixes. Chaired meetings with development leads and testing leads, gathering information to determine root cause then setting up agreed upon milestones to track the progress of the defect remediation. Contractor Client: CitiGroup.  * Improved the Integrity of Testing Key Performance Indicator (KPI) Reporting. Multiple sources of data for the same activities were reported to different audiences with different results. The data was all subject to different methods of capture leading to inconsistencies. Proposed a method for capturing the data in one repository. Implemented the domain project in Hewlett Packard's Application Life Cycle Management system. Extraction to a single enterprise-wide MS-SQL database where MS Access and MS Excel files could read and apply limited customization. Reports were consistent, fast to create and provided accurate KPI's for management. IT Project Manager/ Project Change Manager JP Morgan Chase September 2012 to July 2014 Recruited from Contractor position to the Implementation Manager. Led process improvement, scheduling management, communications management and scope management. Gathered raw data on performance, transforming the same data and reporting measurable activities to senior management to show improvement. Designed training materials and training sessions on newly improved process for team members. Taught sessions in person and through WebEx.  * Reduce System Downtime by 75%. Penalties of up to $75K were charged due to down times up to 12 hours for a software migration problem. Proactively presented a detailed project plan and scheduled commitments for the business, technology and testing groups. The project plan timeline was based on the team's input, focusing on strategic and tactical processes to reduce the impact on day to day responsibilities. Down time was reduced to 3 hours and fines were eliminated as well as a reduction in stress levels.  * Training Technical and Business Partners. Software migration was slowed by lack of technical knowledge and training materials. Created a training materials PowerPoint, Word documents as well as two live training and one virtual training sessions. Created procedure manuals, quick reference guides, PowerPoint handouts. Secured training facilities and managed attendance.  * Repaired system errors causing a High Rate of Denied Transactions. More than 50% of transactions were being denied authorizations due to system timeouts. After exhaustive research the entire development team was brought in to run sample transactions through the production system to isolate the root cause of the problem. This process in debug mode positively identified the point of failure. Engaged Hewlett-Packard to commit to an accelerated firmware release schedule to contain the fix. Software Developer/ IT Project Manager/Consultant Collabera November 2011 to September 2012 Provided programming solutions to business problems as a consultant for JPMorgan Chase's Electronic Benefits Payment group. Their major problem was that many of the authorization transactions were being declined because of timeouts. Contract Client: JP Morgan Chase. Software Developer/Consultant US Consulting March 2011 to August 2011 Identify components on their Hewlett Packard Non-Stop platform as it pertained to their credit card payment system. Design, test and present to management, then implement programs that would extract the data, convert it to IBM's VSAM file structure then load that data onto the IBM system through Connect: Direct. Contract Client: Kohl's Department Stores. Software Developer/Consultant US Consulting July 2010 to December 2010 Design, creation and testing program solutions to move data from the legacy HP Non-Stop computers to the newer IBM platform. This was part of a conversion as Lord & Taylor was acquired by the Hudson Bay Company. Part of the requirement was to convert the data from flat records to a structured database model so that the number of retail stores to be supported was not limited to 200. The new database structure would support up to 1,000 retail stores. Contract Client: Lord & Taylor. Technical Project Manager JP Morgan Chase November 2004 to September 2009 Gathering business and functional requirements, documenting, presenting and maintaining them. Managing high profile projects related to food stamp program and disaster services for states such as Louisiana, California, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Client facing as well as third party facing responsibilities. Scheduling, managing and reporting conversion events. Chairing design and project meetings.  * Created a Project Plan to covert California Consortium. The state of California has 67 counties that are grouped into several groups' aka consortium, that needed to be quickly converted to another service provider. Lacking a project plan, the expectations were unclear. Through research a process was put in to place to determine which counties were part of each consortium, the overall risk, the readiness to convert status and the time and cost variables. From this data, a comprehensive and flexible project plan was created with scope, milestones and detailed procedures for all major stakeholders. The 67 counties grouped into 18 consortiums and were converted in 18 months with no loss of service to the member counties.  * Hurricane Katrina and Louisiana support. Prior to Hurricane Katrina making landfall, Louisiana and the state needed approximately 100K disaster services cards: embossed, activated and delivered. Collaborated and attained commitments from software development and testing, card manufacturing companies, the state of Louisiana, FEMA, USPS and FedEx to deliver the cards. Called for all "hands on deck" meetings to deliver agendas and action items. All disaster services cards were delivered to the Social Services Offices in Baton Rouge before Hurricane Katrina made landfall. Systems Analyst III/Business Analyst Fifth Third Bank August 1999 to November 2004 Process Improvement activities related to identifying core code functionality and customization as well as documentation and developing and standardizing client facing documents and software implementation.  * Standardization of Client Facing Documents. Observed that different areas; developers, client project managers, etc., were creating their own style of customer facing documents. Created a professional template document in MS Word and macros to present companywide to the clients. Trained the developer and client project management teams how to utilize the tool by using Visual Basic for Applications. Client facing documents were easily accessible, consistent and professional in appearance.    Keyword Skills / Experience Factors / Personal Qualities  MS-Office Suite: Project, Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, Publisher, ERP Systems, Workday, UltiPro, FTP, SFTP, HTTPS, NACHA, ABI2, PGP, Public and Private Key Exchanges, MS-SQL, MySQL, COBOL/COBOL-II, VBA, VBScript, C, Java, HP Non-Stop, Intel, Platforms: Guardian/OSS, AIX/UNIX, MS Windows, .NET, MVS/OS, Presentation, Organizational Skills, WBS, Schedule Management, Cost Management, Stakeholder Management, Risk Management, Adobe Pro Meeting, ISO 8583, Versioning, Security, Checkin/Checkout, Pivot Tables,  Slicers, Data Tables, What If Analysis, External Data Links, Formulas, Waterfall SDLC, Software Implementations, Test Case, Test Planning, Script Writing, and Reporting, HP ALM 12, Requirements Gathering, SQL, Query, UML, ACH, NACHA, S.W.I.F.T., ISO 8583, Business  Documents, Functional Documents, Public Sector, Private Sector, ETL Experience, Process Improvement, Dashboards, ScoreCards, Metrics Gathering, Industry Regulatory Agency Experience, Technical Project Management, T-SQL, SQL Stored Procedures, Troubleshooting, Problem  Resolution, Meeting Facilitator, Virtual Meeting, Mentoring, Leadership, Financial Services Industry, Healthcare Services, Process Analysis, Oral Presentation Skills, Written Presentation Skills, Corporate Training, Self-Motivating, Creative Thinking, Data Quality, Data Management, AML, KYC, Cross-Functional Communications, Stakeholder Collaborator, Change Agent, Analytical, Team Builder, Escalation Expert, Change Management, Configuration Management, Lessons Learned Expert, Build Release Management, Defect Management, MS VBA, HP Non-Stop SQL/MX and SQL/MP, HP TACL, Card Payments (Credit/Debit/Gift/EBT), HP Pathway (SCOBOL, COBOL85, Enscribe, DDL), GAML Knowledge, Sanctions, Confidentiality, Regulatory Compliance, Coaching, Stakeholder Management, Compliance and Governance, Data Analytics, Data Visualization, MVS, VSAM, CICS, DB2, Continuation of Business, Meeting Agenda, Meeting Minutes, Author Function Requirement Documents, Lead Round Table Reviews, Manage and Develop Test Strategy Plans, Acquire and Evaluate Project Documentation, System Development Lifecycle, Requirement Traceability, Testing Methodology, Process Improvement Experience,Business/Product Team, Interacts with varying levels of Operations Team, Interacts with Technology Team, Facilitates Cross-Functional Meetings, Develop and Document New System Requirements, Review/Approve Product/Ops Documentation, Leadership Experience in Matrix Management  Environment, Creating Detailed Test Coverage, Client Quality Center Tools Experience, Testing Lifecycle Expertise, Manage Defect Management Processes, Provide and Support Testing Guidelines, Provide Periodic Testing Progress Reports, Transmission Protocols (SFTP;FTP;HTTPS), Data Encryption (PGP), Kanban Boards, Critical Path Method Education Master of Information Technology in Project Management American Intercontinental University Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communications Brooklyn College Skills Microsoft Project, Scheduling, Outlook, Estimating Links http://linkedin.com/in/nicholastufaro http://nicholastufaro.workfolio.com Certifications/Licenses PMP March 2018 to March 2021 https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/7082415b-6f7b-40de-bb90-c50f3a0a5bc7  PMP #: 2166304 Team Kanban Practioner April 2019 to Present https://edu.leankanban.com/users/nicholas-tufaro