Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - HCL America Northport, AL Highly accomplished Senior IT Project Manager, Manager of Telecommunications, and Manager of Information Systems with progressive experience coordinating and directing numerous enterprise level telecommunications, networking, script/code development, and infrastructure projects. Astute project management and leadership skills; adept at combining expertise in tactical planning, quality management and control, vendor management, and organizational leadership with strong qualifications in problem resolution, process improvements, and team development.  Technical and Management Strengths:  • Project Management  • Trained in PMBOK 6.0  • ITIL Foundation Certification    • Agile/Scrum methodology  • ServiceNow implementation  • Data Center Migrations    • Telecommunications - Avaya  • Telecommunications - Cisco  • EMC and NetApp storage Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager HCL America - Northport, AL April 2019 to Present • Currently serving as a Project Manager involved in planning, organizing, and managing enterprise level projects at a major healthcare provider in the western US (CHI). HCL America provides managed service support to CHI for project management support and other activities.  • Served as a Project Manager involved in project planning and scheduling for various projects involving VMware NSX and integration with anti-malware and intrusion prevention systems. The Project Manager developed detailed project plans, project schedules, and other project documentation. Results: Successfully managed a project team that installed VMware NSX, installed Guest Introspection, and ensured integration with Symantec Data Center Security (DCS).  • As a follow-on project based on the success of the first DCS project, the Project Manager is currently involved in a second Symantec DCS integration project involving VMware NSX and Guest Introspection with an implementation that is in progress. Senior IT Project Manager HCL America - New Orleans, LA April 2018 to April 2019 Served as a Project Manager involved in planning, organizing, and managing enterprise level infrastructure projects at a major regional electric utility provider in the southeast (Entergy). HCL America provides managed service support to Entergy for data center and power plant IT projects, telecommunications, and steady-state activities. The Project Manager developed detailed project plans, statements of work (SOW), work orders, risk registers, project schedules, monthly financial forecasts, test plans, and other required project documents.  ? Specific Project Management activities included the planning, configuration, and implementation of a new ServiceNow instance within the enterprise using an Agile methodology. The Project Manager, acting as the Scrum Master conducted daily Scrum meetings during the various sprint cycles. Results: Successfully managed a project team that identified system requirements, drove the development process, and monitored the delivery of services provided by the vendor. The ServiceNow instance was configured; integrations were created with multiple systems; automated Discovery was conducted to populate the CMDB database; and the ServiceNow system was implemented within the enterprise.  ? For another project, the Project Manager drove the installation and setup of a specialized application on multiple virtual servers with a Windows 2016 server OS within a DMZ (secure domain); scheduled all of the required tasks, including firewall changes, server access privileges, QA testing, and implementation. Results: Successfully managed a project team that identified the specific requirements for installing servers within a secure domain, coordinated the loading of the applications by a third-party vendor, and ensured that the internal and external connectivity through the DMZ met the customer's requirements.  ? Provided project management support for a large, enterprise project encompassing more than twenty (20) sites including 2 data centers, 5 power plants, and 14 facilities. This project involved network and power cabling remediation, cable management, and the establishment of a standardized process and procedures for managing cabling installation across the enterprise.  ? On a weekly basis, the Project Manager generated project reports for CIO management review that highlighted the completion of major project tasks, activities, and milestones. Manager of Telecommunications (Telcom Project Management) Infinity Insurance - Birmingham, AL May 2015 to December 2017 Served as a Manager of Telecommunications with responsibilities which included project management for planning, organizing, and managing enterprise level telecommunication projects (including networking) at a large regional property and casualty insurance company.  ? Provided expertise in identifying new, developing, and emerging technologies; current projects included VoIP (Voice over IP) and SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) initiatives which traverse MPLS WAN connections; projects included installation of Genband Session Border Controllers.  ? In conjunction with the VP, Information Security (CSO), the Manager of Telecommunications was responsible for the security management of multiple telephony servers and application systems.  ? Managed a project to replace an older Avaya Voice Portal with a new Avaya Experience Portal. Project was managed from initiation through implementation and closeout. Project included Nuance speech recognition and scripting in Avaya Orchestration Designer.  ? Managed a project involving the replacement of the Avaya telephone system with a new Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) and a Cisco Unity voice mail system for over 2000 users across the enterprise. Included in this conversion are four (4) call centers and over 650 call center representatives being converted to Cisco, in addition to administrative personnel. Results: Successfully managed the migration of 350 personnel to the Cisco phone system in the downtown Birmingham headquarters and another 150 personnel at smaller offices in various locations. The Manager of Telecommunications, in conjunction with vendor engineers and architects, identified hardware and system design requirements. The Manager of Telecommunications, acting as a project manager drove the discovery process and prepared a comprehensive design and plan which is now being implemented to convert the remaining personnel across the enterprise.  ? Managed an implementation of a Cisco voice solution for remote offices using Cisco routers.  ? Provided all vendor management and contract administration for the voice network, including the largest data and voice carriers.  ? Led a team of two Voice Network Engineers, a senior Telcom analyst, and a Telcom analyst. Senior IT Project Manager HCL America - New Orleans, LA October 2014 to May 2015 Served as a Project Manager involved in planning, organizing, and managing enterprise level infrastructure projects at a major regional electric utility provider in the southeast (Entergy). HCL America provides managed service support to Entergy for data center and power plant IT projects, telecommunications, and steady-state activities. The Project Manager developed detailed project plans, statements of work (SOW), and other project documentation.  ? Specific Project Management activities included the planning, coordination, and implementation of a new enterprise Citrix environment, including mobile device management (MDM) and Sharefile. This project involved building over 200 virtual and physical servers (Windows and VMware) associated with Citrix applications (XenApp), Citrix VDI (XenDesktop virtual desktops), and Citrix NetScalars (for load balancing) for more than 2500 Citrix users. Additionally, the Project Manager worked closely with Enterprise Networking, Security, and Storage (SAN and NAS) groups. The Project Manager provided vendor management and contract negotiation for Citrix Consultants who provide design and architecture guidance.  ? Over 100 applications were included in the migration process to the new Citrix servers, including MS Office, MS Project, and MS Visio.  ? On a weekly basis, the Project Manager generated project reports for CIO management review that highlight the completion of major project tasks, activities, and milestones. Senior Project Manager IBM - Northport, AL July 2014 to October 2014 Served as a Project Manager involved in planning and organizing a Data Center migration at a major regional insurance provider in the northeast. The Project Manager supported data center migration planning activities for virtual and physical servers (Windows, AIX, and VMware), networking, associated applications, file shares, Citrix VDI (virtual desktops, and NAS storage systems) which were being relocated from an older data center in New England to a data center in RTP, NC. Technology Project Manager M&T Bank - Buffalo, NY May 2013 to July 2014 Served as a Technology Project Manager involved in planning, organizing, and managing enterprise level projects at a major regional bank. Supported data center migration planning activities for over 3,000 virtual and physical servers (Windows, AIX, VMware, Solaris, and Linux), hundreds of associated applications, information security appliances, and multiple EMC SAN storage systems (VMAX, Centera, VNX, and VPLEX) which are being relocated from an older data center to a new tier 3 data center in Buffalo, New York.  ? Provided project management for a team of ten Information Security professionals responsible for multiple systems and appliances that are typically associated with the Information Security systems at a bank. This may include systems or appliances such as intrusion detection and prevention.  ? Developed multiple project plans and schedules to migrate thousands of servers and appliances using a variety of virtual server migrations (e.g., enhanced Vmotion and SRDF), lift and shift physical migrations, and a limited number of physical to virtual (P2V) migrations. Worked closely with members of the Networking and Telecommunications team. Planned, facilitated, and coordinated multiple aspects of the migration planning and implementation process, including the decommissioning process for hundreds of servers and appliances.  ? Provided project management for the planning, design, and architecture for EMC SAN storage, Avamar and Data Domain systems, NetApp NAS storage, information security appliances, and platform management services for the new data center. Worked closely with multiple vendors and technology managers. Results: Successfully managed three project teams - Storage, Servers, and Information Security - that identified hardware and system design requirements, drove the discovery process, and prepared a comprehensive high level design plan. Managed the migration implementation of multiple seed hosts, systems, and storage arrays at the new data center.  ? Provided project management for several different vendors involving enterprise SAN and NAS storage associated with various servers/platforms and an IBM mainframe (series z/OS). Utilizes MS Project for plans, schedules, and resource management. MS Power Point was used for status updates and stakeholder presentations. SharePoint was used for collaboration. Technology Project Manager First Niagara Bank - Buffalo, NY July 2011 to May 2013 Served as a Technology Project Manager organizing and directing enterprise level infrastructure projects at a large regional bank. Responsible for multiple projects as a member of the Managed Services Migration program team. Supported data center migration activities for over 1500 servers, applications, and EMC SAN storage arrays moving from eighteen (18) separate FNB data centers to data centers in Chicago and Jacksonville.    ? Planned, organized, and directed more than ten IT projects from inception to closure for the migration of data center servers, networking equipment, EMC enterprise storage, routers, network backbones, layer 3 core data switches, servers, and WAN appliances. Managed multiple projects involving electrical modifications, UPS systems, power distribution units, storage arrays, Avamar backup systems, and generators. Results: Managed IT project teams that coordinated the installation of a new generator at a data center; supported and managed the installation of multiple new enterprise data switches, routers, WAN accelerators, NetBackup appliances, voice and data circuits across the First Niagara footprint; supported a VMware Vmotion project to move data for over 200 virtual and physical servers between EMC SAN storage units. Used MS Project for developing plans, schedules, work breakdown, and resource assignments. Used MS Office for the risk register.  ? Provided IT project management in support of a major First Niagara Facilities project to enhance the generator system and UPS equipment at the largest FNB data center. Results: Successfully planned, coordinated, and communicated a 100% data center power outage including nearly 1500 servers, production mainframe, SAN storage, network infrastructure, 20+ business-to-business connections, and ATM equipment. All IT systems were restored, tested, and fully operational within 10 hours following the completion of the Facilities maintenance.  ? Provided project management for the procurement of a new production mainframe and EMC SAN storage. Results: Successfully managed a project team that identified hardware and system requirements, drove the discovery process, and monitored the delivery of the hardware and supporting services until the mainframe was operational and ready for data replication. Technology Program Coordinator Lowes - Mooresville, NC June 2011 to July 2011 Served as a Technology Program Coordinator for the largest IT infrastructure enhancement program in Lowes' history involving nearly $500 million in six, tightly integrated IT projects which together formed the overarching program dubbed the "Lowes' Store of the Future."  ? Directly responsible for drafting and refining the Store of the Future Program Charter and Scope Statement, and communications plans. Manager of Information Systems Certegy Payment Recovery Services - CPRS division - Northport, AL December 2001 to October 2010 Provided Data Center Management for a Fortune 1000 company for more than 10 years.  ? Supported a large call center and all aspects of the IT infrastructure including the Avaya telephone system, call monitoring, autodialer, network, desktops, and IBM AS/400 (iSeries).  ? Served as the IT Manager and drove the IT activities associated with the relocation of a data center, network, Avaya telephone system, and servers. Determined criteria for success; established all tasks, work packages, and budget details; developed project schedule and communication plan; coordinated vendor activities for dismantling, moving, and rebuilding production servers. RESULTS: Successfully relocated data center; relocated Concerto/Davox Autodialer for the call center; assisted in the installation of new Avaya telephone system, including VoIP phones. Awarded a bonus for superior performance  ? Acted as a project manager to complete an expansion to a data center involving air conditioning, uninterruptible power supply, and electrical system enhancements. RESULTS: Air conditioning cooling capacity was increased by nearly 100%; backup power available time was increased by 70%; electrical circuits were expanded to support at least 20% more server hardware.  ? Provided IT project planning and scheduling for a refresh of 450+ computers with word processing/spreadsheet applications. RESULTS: Completed project on time and at budget.  ? Supervised up to 6 direct reports, including a Supervisor of Systems Administration Manager of Information Systems Credit Bureau Systems, Inc - Tuscaloosa, AL June 2000 to November 2001 Managed a data center and all IT infrastructure, including an IBM AS 400 (iSeries) production mid-range system.  ? Provided oversight of tactical IT project planning and scheduling. Ensured that projects were organized, directed, controlled, and monitored according to specified policy and procedures which met operational objectives and initiatives.  ? Analyzed alternatives and implemented an innovative solution to augment rather than replace an existing Rolm/ Siemens telephone switch. Conducted the necessary evaluation of competing designs and spearheaded the expansion of the existing telephone switch by adding a smaller new switch that become an extension of the older telephone system. Acted as project manager for driving this project to completion. RESULTS: Saved $180,000 in capital expense; the performance of the combined switch met or exceeded all expectations of management.  ? Supervised 3 direct reports Manager of Information Systems Balch and Bingham, LLP - Birmingham, AL August 1996 to March 2000 Provided IT project planning and scheduling for an upgrade involving a newer version of Citrix. RESULTS: project completed on time, within scope, and at budget.  ? Planned and implemented the development of an innovative solution for providing direct fiber optic connectivity between large office spaces on multiple floors in two different buildings that were several blocks apart in downtown Birmingham. Acted as the IT Project Manager. Coordinated with a large utility company that had excess capacity available on an existing underground fiber optic cable which avoided a lengthy licensing and permit process required by the municipal government. Provided sufficient bandwidth for future needs. RESULTS: Annual savings of at least $12,000.  ? Provided tactical IT project planning and scheduling for a refresh of 350 computers across five offices in four cities involving new hardware, operating systems, and word processing. RESULTS: project completed on time, within scope, and at budget.  ? Supervised up to 7 direct reports. General Manager Obitts Scientific Devices - Birmingham, AL 1986 to 1996 Early Career Birmingham, AL Manager; Mechanical and Project Engineer U. S. Army - Fort Hood, TX 1974 to 1985 Second Lieutenant Corps of Engineers 1974 to 1976 Retired in September 2002 as a Lieutenant Colonel, EN, USAR) Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Alabama in Birmingham - Birmingham, AL 1991 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering University of Alabama - Tuscaloosa, AL 1974