Sr. IT Program Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Program Manager - Sirius Computer Corporation Hutto, TX Work Experience Sr. IT Program Manager Sirius Computer Corporation 2019 to Present Responsible to client engagement IT Programs/ Projects, as well as internal IT programs. Client $$ SOW values are up to $250k. Programs and projects responsibilities are from Pre-sales to implementation and closure. Primarily infrastructure, networking and data center services for clients and internal IT. Sr IT Project Manager Flex, Inc 2012 to 2019 Senior level IT project manager for $5BB global corporation, work in the Global Shared Operations division.  Manage multiple concurrent IT-related project, valued at 0MM to $10MM. Projects are run in a stage-gate environment. Start-to-finish using PMI processes merged with Flex-controls.    ? Internet Points of Presence (IPOP) global data centers  ? 85-site Cisco WAN upgrade for IWAN 1.1  ? Email Retention Project for 85,000 employees  ? Symantec Encryption Project  ? ServiceNow IT Accounts Payable  ? 16,500 Laptops McAfee Encryption    Tools used to for projects: Office365, WebEx/Jabber, Zoom, MS Project, PowerPoint, Email. IT Service Program Manager / PMO Manager Unisys Corporation 2009 to 2012 Senior project/program manager at Unisys Corporation's State of Texas data center contract. This contract is part of the Department of Information Resources (DIR) Team for Texas (TfT) Data Center Services $863million project. Unisys is a partner with IBM for the TfT's seven-year data center consolidation project and management of data center services.    Program Manager responsible for all IT-related technology project implementations for networking, data center, support/helpdesk center, mainframe, facilities, media management, security, SOC1/SSAE16 auditing, asset management, and project management staffing for the State of Texas data centers. Budget, strategic planning, contract management, and staffing are part of the PMO. Involved in new sales and planning for the account for the PMO service.    I am responsible for outsourcing, service governance, contract management, and support as part of my duties.    I manage a team of project managers, analysts, and coordinators for the contract. Information Technology Director City of Georgetown - Georgetown, TX 2001 to 2009 CIO/CTO-level director for the City of Georgetown. Direct all IT resource planning, budgeting and operational initiatives for this $250million, 525+ employee, 27 facilities, city government and Utilities services (City of Georgetown owns its electric, water/waste water services) Hold autonomous decision-making authority for all IT development and expansion issues, with a focus on IT organization design, voice and data communications, system integration, website development, emerging technologies, enterprise architectures, data center operations, strategic alliances and data security. Capitalized on technology management background to bring systems and applications innovations to the city. Led the city through numerous technology advancements for business growth and capabilities using proven adaptability and project management. Managed all IT aspects for: Public Safety (Police/Fire), Electric Utility, Streets, Water/Waste Water, Finance, and GIS.    Managed all SaaS systems and applications including CRM, 911CAD, web-based applications for 500+ employees and 60,000 citizens of Georgetown, Tx. Providing consulting services to determine division needs and solutions.    Managed two 24x7, mission-critical city datacenters, one primary (65 servers, 120Terabyte SANs, 450megawatt generator, multiple UPS, state-of-the-art facility), other as hot failover for applications, storage, and IP telephony. Developed and managed centralized IT Helpdesk for improved customer service and increased SLA percentages for time-to-service ticket system. Oversight of core systems including 10 city websites, Notes email, Netware, Linux, Cisco, and Microsoft databases/applications. Provided IT consulting services to all divisions to determine applications requirements. Assisted with contract negotiations, implementation, and post-installation support for all applications used by the city.    Key Accomplishments  • Revamped internal PBX phone system to Cisco AVVID IP system unifying the City's telephony needs with an existing IP network infrastructure. Reduced phone costs by $100,000 over 5-year period and brought telephone management into IT department.  • Construction of city's IT datacenter/EOC/911 Dispatch center, moved IT systems from old to new datacenter. Old datacenter was 350 sq. ft. in old business building. New 15,000 sq. ft. facility is state-of-the-art with latest technologies including failover fiber and Cisco network equipment, FE200 suppression, and generator/UPS services. This facility houses the data center, EOC, and PD 911 dispatch center.  • Downtown Historic Square Free Wireless System. Brought free wireless services to the downtown square for visitors of the Square. Received media recognition and business owner accolades.  • Revamped 10 City websites into award-winning websites.  • Restructured equipment replacement cycles for all IT equipment thus saving $2.5mm taxpayer dollars over a 10-year period. Reduced hardware costs and service requirements via server virtualization.  • Recognized by leading Texas Government IT Management association for technology innovation by winning two state-wide excellence awards. Recognized by Texas IT organization for innovative and excellence in website development.  • Deployed Blackberry Enterprise Server, maximizing mobile email services, improving customer service.  • Followed Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) principles and practices for division operations. Incorporated ITIL into development of IT Helpdesk department. IT Technical Services Director Austin, TX 1998 to 2001 and Phoenix, AZ: computer operations, network services, desktop support, all applications servers, and AS400 mainframe operations. Managed staff of 15, budget, short- and long-term planning, policies, quality control, and procurement. Responsible for annual budget of $1mm.    • Revised procurement process to standardize desktops, servers, and network equipment resulting in reduced staff time in maintenance and upgrades. Saved the company $100k+ annually in negotiating reduce costs based on large, single purchases versus small purchases. Education Master of Business Administration in Management Information Systems St. Edward's University - Austin, TX Bachelor of Arts in Computer Information Science St. Edward's University - Austin, TX Skills DATA CENTER, DATA CENTER OPERATIONS, NOC, IT INFRASTRUCTURE, VM, DISASTER RECOVERY, WIRELESS, OPERATIONS, OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT, BUDGET MANAGEMENT, CONTRACT MANAGEMENT, BUDGET, HELPDESK, SUPPORT DESK, DISASTER RECOVERY PLANNING, RECOVERY PLANNING Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Data Center Operations Management Data Center Construction VM solutions  Program/ Project Management Disaster Recovery Planning Strategic & Operational Planning  Applications/DB Management Helpdesk Management NOC Management  Support Desk L2 Contract Management IT Outsourcing  Personnel & Budget Management Website Development & Services Network /Wireless  IT Infrastructure Implementation Emerging Technologies & Enterprise Architectures