Sr. Manager IT Operations Sr. <span class="hl">Manager</span> <span class="hl">IT</span> Operations Sr. Manager IT Operations Chicago, IL Work Experience Sr. Manager IT Operations Newsy - Chicago, IL 2018 to Present Lead and manage a staff of engineers and IT professionals responsible for maintaining the stations broadcast  technology, facility and all broadcast/ IT equipment.  ? Provide oversight of the technology team including personnel growth, scheduling coaching and mentorship.  ? Support and guide team in training and equipment usage which includes knowledge of all broadcast equipment  utilized by the department and studio production. News operational oversight includes production control  rooms, production cameras and newsroom and automation systems.  ? Provide IT/Broadcast infrastructure design and growth forecasting. Oversee the support of two remote news  bureaus specific to Newsy content operations and distribution.  ? Coordinate and review with broadcast vendors new technologies and plan hardware implementations into production workflow. Technical Project Manager YouTube TV - Chicago, IL 2017 to 2018 Organized and managed a cross-functional team in acquiring the linear TV signal from 200 local TV station  affiliates. Directly worked with broadcast affiliate groups and local TV contacts to gather site requirements and set schedules for OTT implementation.  ? Tested and evaluated broadcast video encoder ad IP hardware. Served as SME and provided detailed  documentation and training for field video deployment teams. Manager IT Operations NBC Universal - Chicago, IL 2003 to 2016 Managed a team which supported WMAQ/WSNS TV broadcast IT technologies in a 24/7/365 environment.  ? Managed the implementation and documentation of capital and special projects critical to news and broadcast  workflows. Determined IT capital/opx cost planning and strategic needs across yearly cycles.  ? Partnered with cross functional teams to address key video signal and newsroom production issues and defects.  Partnered across departments on news content delivery solutions.  ? Managed broadcast vendor relationships critical to the broadcast production environment. Manager Broadcast Engineering WebFN TV - Chicago, IL 2000 to 2003 Oversaw technical operation build out of new newsroom facility for streaming financial startup. Provided  technical infrastructure and oversight of personnel operations to ensure smooth delivery of WebFN content OTA and online to customers.  ? Analyzed and targeted critical business opportunities with local sales team. Coordinated and developed signal  path and content delivery solutions. Developed SOP's within the organization to eliminate unnecessary and potential disruptive crisis and issues in content delivery. System Engineer NBC Universal - Chicago, IL 1998 to 2000 System Engineer TEKsystems - Oak Brook, IL 1996 to 1998 B.S. Industrial Technology ? GE Management Certificate ? ITIL Foundation Certificate ? Project Management  Certificate Education Bachelor's Illinois State University Skills Project Management (10+ years)