Digital/ IT Project Manager Digital/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Venice, FL Detail-oriented Digital/ IT Project Manager with more than 10 years of project experience, including business strategy, marketing and managing all project lifecycle phases on global enterprise software implementations.    • PMP, Scrum Master and Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certifications  • Extensive experience in Waterfall and Agile methodologies  • Knowledge of ITIL service management Work Experience Digital/ IT Project Manager Jones Lang LaSalle - Chicago, IL March 2013 to Present    • Interact with executive and senior level business and development managers, cross-functional teams, external consultants and vendors, and other project and product managers to successfully manage the overall planning, execution and delivery of projects, strategy and technical footprint.  • Manage large, multi-team, multiple-workstream global enterprise software implementations and digital assets.  • Create and manage project documentation, including project charters, strategy, software selection, vendor/consultant selection, project plan and subsidiary plans detailing requirements, goals, objectives, scope, implementation process, deliverables, milestones, timelines, work breakdown structures, integrations, communications and change management guidelines.  • Receive, document and review change requests to determine impact to scope, scheduling and budget of current project and future technical strategic goals.   • Participate in daily Agile development scrum calls to determine impact to project status.  • Track project status, facilitate status meetings and maintain status reports.  • Manage internal resources and third party consultants and vendors.  • Create quality assurance documentation and test scripts, reporting issues to development team, consultants and vendors for resolution.   • Collaborate with development teams, consultants and vendors, software product managers and global digital marketing teams to verify design and development fulfill project requirements.  • Manage global digital project team activities required for localization of digital assets.  • Proficient in MS Office programs and project planning software.  • Manage domain registrar, interacting with server engineers when necessary.        Projects  • Digital Transformation Project: A multi-million dollar, senior level, global project featuring redesigned corporate websites and Adobe Enterprise Manager software implementation.  • Visual Identity Redesign: First phase of Digital Transformation project implementing corporate rebranding initiative with a global, multisite/multi-language corporate website homepage redesign.  • Logo Redesign: Implementation of rebranded corporate logo across enterprise digital ecosystem, including corporate websites, property websites, blogs and marketing automation templates.  • Oracle Eloqua Marketing Automation Platform: Instance consolidation and Contact Level Security feature implementation, consolidating two pilot instances into a single, global, enterprise instance.  • Property Platform Tablet/Mobile Channel Rollout: Coordinated launch schedule of tablet and mobile channels of proprietary, global, enterprise, multisite/multi-language property software.  • Website Redesign Rollout: Participated in pre- and post-launch testing of global, enterprise, multisite/multi-language, corporate websites on Microsoft SharePoint 2013 software. Project Manager Foundation648 - Indianapolis, IN August 2011 to November 2012 • Managed a variety of new development and Web enhancement projects, including mobile application and responsive design.  • Created agendas and led client, developer and 3rd party vendor meetings.  • Created and managed project schedules to adhere to approved contract and client expectations.  • Created daily reports using Central Desktop project management software.  • Conducted interviews with key stakeholders and provided documentation detailing assessments.  • Managed changes to contracts and modified schedules to include approved changes.  • Created CMS architecture and performed content migration in accordance with sitemap and design.  • Performed Quality Assurance prior to User Acceptance review.  • Documented and tracked User Acceptance results.  • Provided client training and assistance in CMS as well as XHTML compliant formatting.  • Managed client requests and developer activities using Central Desktop.  • Created and implemented Test Case and User Case Templates, as well as Change Request document and tracking log. Web Site Administrator/Editor Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics - Chicago, IL March 2006 to August 2011    • Significant involvement in a comprehensive Web site renovation initiative from planning to launch including vendor selection, redesign strategy and approval, establishment and approval of all information architecture aspects, content development, 10,000-page migration to Ektron CMS, keywording and conversion to XHTML compliance.  • Significant involvement in the creation, launch and maintenance of Kids Eat Right Web site.  • Led the development, implementation and production of Kids Eat Right weekly email campaign.  • Coordinated and executed architectural modifications to page and section presentations of the five mini sites, including implementation, navigation, content development and maintenance.  • Led the development and implementation of Lyris Integrated Digital Marketing Enterprise with the SQL server database.    • Managed broadcast email system, including scheduling, modification of existing templates, creating emails in plain text and HTML format.  • Provided statistical analysis of emails (sent, delivered, opened, click-through) to email requestors.  • Managed webinar conferencing, including license distribution, technical support for host and attendees, and post-webinar follow-up and account reports.  • Translated MS Word documents to XHTML format to conform to page layout and approved standards.  • Provided training and assistance to content contributors in Ektron CMS functionality.  • Provided training and assistance to end users in Google Analytics Web site tracking system.  • Initiated and provided administrative training for specialty-group Community of Interest Web sites.  • Revised the Academy's Web Style Guide for distribution to content contributors. Education Bachelor of Arts in English Georgia State University - Atlanta, GA June 1994 Skills Digital Marketing, Google Analytics, Microsoft Office, Project Management, Project Planning, Business Analysis, Strategic Planning, Scrum, Software Development Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) November 2014 to November 2020 Certified Scrum Master (CSM) July 2019 to January 2021 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt January 2013 to Present