Senior Business Analyst Senior Business Analyst Senior Business Analyst Dayton, OH Work Experience Senior Business Analyst Brooksource June 2018 to May 2019 Client: CareSource)  Demonstrated Best Practices by integrating methods and deliverables utilized by more mature organizations to improve the quality of functional design and delivery of design artifacts.  Simultaneously shortened the elapsed time and increased the rigor applied to product/vendor selection by developing and utilizing a custom RFP Response / Demo scoring toolkit.  Consulted on the design and implementation of Large Scale Agile Methodology in the Population Health Sub-Value Stream. Lead Business Analyst / Project Manager Cincinnati Bell Telephone, Inc July 2016 to October 2017 Increased organizational awareness of planned business change by standing up a Dashboard to:  • Provide senior business leaders with visibility to the IT release schedule and status; and to  • Ensure business participation in testing events, training / business process change planning, and post-implementation triage.  Developed collaborative relationships with key business partners to:  • Ensure that business' priorities and constraints were given due consideration during scheduling of IT releases;  • Positively influence business' compliance with change management policies and procedures throughout the project lifecycle; and to  • Ensure user participation and business readiness for imminent IT releases.  Crafted current/future state process maps, user stories, use cases, and other project documentation to ensure traceability to the business goals captured along with the requirements of the desired change, therefore assuring project success upon completion.  Implemented a requirement to utilize post-mortem reviews as a means to gather information for Knowledgebase entries to give structure and create a value-added artifact from running post-mortems. IT Project Manager/Acting Director of Application Development CareStar, Inc May 2014 to December 2015 Primary liaison to the States of Ohio and Indiana Departments of Medicaid and private Care Management Organizations for Care Management SaaS contracts.  • Led all application development and support for SaaS contracts, developing and implementing Best Practices to improve support to the client during release development, product launch, and maintenance of software releases.  • Developed project teams and arranged staff augmentation as necessary to bring the right skill sets onboard for the various development and support initiatives.  • Developed and communicated project scope, task schedule and status, resource utilization, and risk assessment/mitigation strategies to Executive and Client Management.  Established a cadence for releases and standardized change management protocols for the IT development and support group. Senior Business Analyst Ingage Partners August 2013 to May 2014 Client: CareSource)  Partnered with CareSource directors and business analysts to identify and execute business process & system changes required to create new products for the Ohio Healthcare Marketplace and for the Dual-Eligible Population.  Utilized facilitation, business process / user story mapping, and the creation of BRD's to gather requirements and document specifications for a new pharmaceutical program. IT Project Manager Gardens Alive August 2009 to December 2012 Facilitated strategic business change from direct marketing to eCommerce by:  • Integrated newly-acquired businesses by researching, documenting, and planning for modifications and/or additions to the core business process model and related IT changes;  • Managed modernization of legacy systems (order fulfillment, inventory management, and CRM); and  • Led development of new websites and platform conversion for existing sites.  Functioned as the primary IT liaison for sister companies across the US, Canada, India, The Netherlands, and Australia.  Took over management of off-shore IT resources and demonstrated a positive ROI for this work unit for the first time in a 9-year history. IT Manager - Project Management Office Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc June 1993 to April 2007 Established an IT Project Management Office and managed the IT enterprise project portfolio for Ethicon Endo-Surgery.  • Recognized as a Project Management thought leader within J&J via election to the Steering Committee of the J&J Project Management SIG.  • Developed and produced several Annual Project Management Best Practice Conferences  (internal to J&J family of companies).  • Consulted on matters related to Project Management throughout the Johnson & Johnson business sectors: Device, Pharmaceutical, Surgical, Consumer, and Corporate.  • Created Ethicon Endo-Surgery's Project Management training curriculum and personally delivered this training to over 1,500 J&J employees (organization-wide). This curriculum became the basis from which the J&J University Project Management offering was derived.  • Improved staff-augmentation vendor relations by developing accurate and timely resource forecasts across the IT project portfolio and providing visibility of the forecast and updates on a bi-weekly basis.  Partnered with HR to develop and implement formal job descriptions, training and supporting curriculum, performance metrics, and career paths for the Project Management discipline in both the IT and New Product Development divisions of Ethicon Endo-Surgery. Recognized as an exemplary Change Agent within J&J via election to the J&J Organization Development SIG. Senior Consultant, Deputy Construction Manager Northrop-Grumman June 1988 to May 1993 secret clearance required)  Led design and managed programming resources for the DMMIS Program (a remanufacturing implementation of CONTROL:Manufacturing for the USAF) (Wright Patterson AFB, Hill AFB). Education Master of Organization Development in Organization Development Bowling Green State University Bachelor of Business Administration in Management and Information Systems University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH Skills Pmo, Rfp, Team management, Itil, Software as a service, Saas, Sdlc, Visio, Risk management, Contract management, Program management, Statement of work, Capacity planning, Budget, Business case, Business case development, Microsoft office Additional Information SKILLS & TECHNOLOGIES:    Budget Development / Management  Business Case Development  ITIL / Service Delivery  Issue / Risk Management  Microsoft Office / Project / Visio  Project/Program Management / PMO  Request for Proposal / RFP Response Writing    Resource Capacity Planning / Management  Software As A Service (SAAS) Management  Project Scope Definition and Management  SDLC / Waterfall / Agile  Statement of Work / Contract Management  Strategic Alignment / Organizational Roadmaps  Team Leadership / Team Management