Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Apogee Enterprises Inc Naperville, IL Accomplished IT professional with progressive industry experience and a successful track record managing multiple strategic cross-functional projects across various business, application and infrastructure areas. Recognized for strong leadership, solid project management, facilitation, negotiation, presentation and technical skills while understanding business impact and continuing to be a team player. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Apogee Enterprises, Inc - Plainfield, IL October 1997 to Present Self owned corporation established in 1997 Independent Contractor Information Technology Infrastructure Library Foundation (ITIL) 2019 to 2019 - 2019  • Leading a study group to obtain the Project Management Professional (PMP) certification using SCRUM methodology.  • Achieved the following certifications:  ? Project Management Professional (PMP)  ? Scrum Master (CSM)  ? Scrum Product Owner (CSPO)  ? Six Sigma Green Belt (CSSGB)  ? Information Technology Infrastructure Library Foundation (ITIL) IT Senior Infrastructure Project Manager (consultant) The College of American Pathologists - Northfield, IL 2017 to 2018 • Accountable for major initiative to migrate multiple business-critical databases to a platform solution that was on the strategic roadmap.  • Coordinated, managed and directed 2 dedicated offshore teams, as well as a team of shared employee resources.  • Drove project execution; provided direction and oversight throughout project lifecycle to project team and ensure the project meets all applicable requirements to achieve project success including managing all issues, risks and decisions.  • Coordinated all aspects of the project; ensured completion of project documentation. Software Application Support Manager (consultant) Emergent Biosolutions and Aptevo Therapeutics - Lansing, MI 2015 to 2016 • Managed day-to-day pre-packaged software/applications in a highly diverse technology environment.  • Hired to bring strategic direction and rationalization for managing diverse software environment; Created a plan for software procedure requests; inventoried and audited software environments on all platforms.  • Involved in successful spin-off of part of the business.  • Worked with IT Contract Management and IT Buyers to transfer and purchase software to ensure that both corporate and spin-off business continued to be legally deployed.  • Ensured and validated all desktop and software assets were converted appropriately to spinoff and corporate companies. IT Portfolio Manager (employee) Ulta Beauty - Bolingbrook, IL 2014 to 2015 • Managed IT roadmaps, projects and programs in the areas of Risk, Security, Compliance, and Quality Assurance. Collaborated with Senior Management, Business Partners, Portfolio Manager Partners, Project Managers.  • Guided DBAs, Server and Network teams through Security audits.  • Managed IT PMs as well as several individual projects. Senior Project Manager (consultant) Navistar Inc - Lisle, IL 2010 to 2013 • Managed multiple concurrent IT projects in Corporate and Manufacturing business space.  • Teamed with multiple project managers and business analysts to analyze bringing multiple business units' varying ERP data into the corporate PeopleSoft solution for external financial reporting.  • Aided in building a centralized PMO where there was no rigor. New PMO included robust processes, documentation; was inherently built to grow. IT Project Manager (consultant) Exelon Corporation - Chicago, IL 2004 to 2010 • Managed timely compliance project schedule for user and group provisioning and server compliance on multiple platforms for 2+ years.  • Tracked and participated in closure of compliance audit findings  • Performed self-assessments and tests.  • Managed team responsible for reviewing all IT changes to production ensuring IT Compliance and Controls and SOX 404 compliance across the company which secure financially controlled reports and KPIs.  • Recommended changes to IT processes to maintain IT Compliance and Controls to introduce best practices and ensure effective controls. Application Project Manager (consultant) Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois - Chicago, IL 2003 to 2004 • Built and managed the project plan and managed the development/testing teams for 2 subject areas during the development of an Enterprise DW which served as the conduit of information for a merger between BCBS of IL, TX, and NM.  • Managed relationships and communications between the Business, QA, and IT teams, using project management, facilitation and strong communication and negotiation skills.  • Ensured processes and procedures were followed and that the applications were well-tested, well-documented and followed the corporation's quality methodology.  • Managed an ETL/BI tool selection team for the enterprise. Senior Project Manager (consultant) Exelon Corporation - Chicago, IL 1998 to 2003 • Collaborated with over 24 PMs for a $mm, 3-year, multi-release integration and consolidation of 40+ existing GL systems and data for a corporate merger to an Oracle ERP environment.  • Managed a team and project that created a pilot executive dashboard for key operating results and external industry data for the corporate executive team.  • Managed a team of 12+ ETL analysts, developers and testers during the Energy Delivery and CIS release of a $mm, 2+ year deregulation project from charter through warranty. Education Bachelor of Science in Education Mathematics Drake University - Des Moines, IA Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), MS Project (10+ years), SDLC (10+ years), Visio (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Integration (10+ years), Application Development (5 years), Software Development (5 years), Project Management (10+ years), Project Planning (10+ years), Consulting (10+ years), Business Process Improvement (6 years), ITIL (5 years), Program Management, Portfolio Management (4 years), Outlook (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Budgeting (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2019 to June 2022 2598752 Certified Scrum Master (CSM) March 2019 to March 2021 000900634 Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) March 2019 to March 2022 000900634 ITIL Foundation April 2019 to Present GR750546450DQ Six Sigma Green Belt (CSSGB) February 2019 to Present 81247109837830