PROJECT PORTFOLIO EXEC PROJECT MANAGER- Cargill <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> PORTFOLIO EXEC <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span>- Cargill PROJECT PORTFOLIO EXEC PROJECT MANAGER- Cargill Saint Louis Park, MN High-performing management executive with expertise in directing highly complex, multi-million dollar projects that build/optimize organizational processes, measurements and infrastructure to maximize business results in telecommunications, insurance, banking/finance, manufacturing, agriculture, media higher-education and value-added resellers (VARS) worldwide. A skilled strategist who transforms business plans into workable solutions while adept at managing multiple projects simultaneously utilizing PMI methodology with a strong adherence to ROI. Key core qualifications include:  -Strategic and operational technology planning  -Technology and business linkage planning  -Global IT delivery and development management  -Capital planning, investment control and reporting  -Situation-based global outsourcing model  - IT infrastructure design and implementation facilitator  - IT skills for GAP analysis and performance optimization  -"Scrum Master"able to properly divide project into manageable sprints    Accomplished interactive IT strategic leader with over 15 yrs experience bringing best practices, operational strategies and revenue generation ideas and actions to Fortune 500 and Fortune 10 organizations for global and domestic companies. Excellent at providing and improving ROI and break-even analysis while being a proven implementer. Always focusing and improving the customer relationship experiences while bringing projects in on budget and on time thereby simultaneously satisfying business objectives. A record of accomplishments that include structuring and implementing projects that yield measurable results inclusive of reduced tactical planning cycle time, cost reductions gained from improved system/process performance, productivity gains through improved initiatives, reduced product development time with increased revenue growth all within scope, budget and resource allocation.  Other Certifications and Affiliations  Certified as a Salesforce System Administrator  PMI Member    Areas of Expertise IT    * End-to-end project management (full SDLC) Strategic planning and  * PMI Methodology leadership    ? Key Decision Maker & Leader Vendor management  ? Multi-site, multi-continent-multi- project Cross-functional  ? Efficiency improvement Problem solving  ? Negotiation, persuasion and communication P&L for large-scale projects  ? Strategic leader of joint ventures/alliances Large-scale Budgets Crisis/Issue management Skilled Matrix Manager    ? Opt-out and Suppression rules ITIL  ? Sales and Marketing Consulting  ? Full SDLC experience AGILE skillset    Industries  On-Line Advertising Healthcare  Banking Insurance  Finance Telecom  Real Estate Manufacturing  Agriculture Retail  VARS Consulting Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience PROJECT PORTFOLIO EXEC PROJECT MANAGER- Cargill 3M October 2015 to January 2017 Responsible for project management of up to 14 IT projects that spanned the Cargill businesses portfolio utilizing PM tool, Clarizen and MS Project Server. Assessed technical resource needs and assigned required project resources, lead a cross-functional team in the development, communication and implementation of new products, application upgrades, server and network, divestitures and enhancement opportunities in several market/business categories. Daily interaction with senior management on project scope, project budget and project timeline. Defined and wrote Project Charters, EBITA, status reporting and all project management documentation, meeting facilitator. Managed all aspects of the SDLC, AGILE and the PDP processes. Project budgets >3M SR. PROJECT MANAGER- Project Sweetie Pie via Betty J Robinson Group May 2015 to December 2015 project management responsibilities for the implementation of a new application to track grant and funding opportunities and provide statistical data for agency and government reporting. Managed commercial real estate SR. PROJECT MANAGER Valentine Ventures Inc January 2013 to October 2015 Expert in the design and delivery of cost-effective, high performance technology solutions in support of rapid national and international growth with ever increasing budget responsibilities. Skilled in all phases of the project/system development lifecycle from initial feasibility analysis and conceptual design through implementation, deployment, enhancement, maintenance Adept at building culturally diverse team-centered operating units with excellent business process and strategy development skills; customer-centric with the ability to initiate win-win, mutually satisfying profitable alliances with global vendors and national suppliers. Strategic project manager for application and software move from mainframe to distributed servers from Minnesota to Arizona in partnership with IBM -budget >5M SR. PROJECT MANAGER- Minneapolis, (Consultant) Florida International University (FIU- Online) - Miami, FL January 2012 to May 2012 33199 Project Manager FIU Online February 2011 to November 2011 for the implementation of Salesforce for five distinct FIU business groups  FIU Online arm of the university. Also, lead the implementation of Contractual for telephony, chat, and email. Also utilized Live Person. Responsible for all project management as well as business analysis and related documentation. i.e. requirements Worked closely with senior management, vendors, consultants and university staff. Coordinated major university conferences held in various location across the state. Change Control initiator and manager. Salesforce Team Lead utilizing MS Project as our primary project-reporting tool.  *Contractual (call center application) implementation and training  *Infrastructure analysis and recommendation  *Live Agent purchase and evaluation (Salesforce Chat application)  *Business process flow evaluation and modification  ^Cost Benefit Analysis (CBA) for selected vendors  *Liaison between FIU Online, Academic Advisors, Program Managers, University's IT staff and Dept. Chairs- budget >3M SR. PROJECT MANAGER MEDIAWHIZ - Plantation, FL April 2009 to September 2010 SR. IT PROJECT MANAGER (CONSULTANT) CIM CORP June 2008 to January 2009 SR. PROJECT MANAGER ALLIANZ LIFE INSURANCE February 2007 to June 2008 Variable Project- moved from DB2 to SQL  Data Center Leasing Project - 80M  On-Line Recon Project- reconciliation of corporate funds, ID3, Versatile and Cognos 6 (SOX) SR. PROJECT MANAGER AMERIPRISE FINANCIALS June 2006 to December 2006 Day 700 Project Sr. Project Manager; liaison to IBM for hardware identification and movement; analysis of applications and determining their relevance and/or compatibility to the new environment; financial implications of data migration, data continuity, data compatibility and required hardware environment. SR. PROGRAM MANAGER Optimus Solutions - Norcross, GA February 2006 to June 2006 Salesforce.com DIRECTOR/SR. IT PORTFOLIO/PRACTICE and QA Manager Valentine Ventures - Wilmington, DE August 2003 to December 2005 Recruited by the CEO (permanent role) SR. PRACTICE MANAGER Butler Technology Solutions - Norcross, GA January 2002 to July 2003 ITIL and PMI methodologies. SR. PROJECT MANAGER and BUSINESS ANALYST AT&T Alpharetta - Atlanta, GA January 1999 to December 2001 Bellsouth West Peachtree St., Atlanta, GA 30303 01/1999 to 12/2001 Call Center, IVR, Y2K ; Structured methodologies inclusive of ITIL, PMI and RUP/RAD    SR. PROJECT MANAGER and BUSINESS ANALYST, AT&T Alpharetta, GA, SR. PROJECT MANAGER and BUSINESS ANALYST Bank of America - Atlanta, GA November 1997 to December 1998 05/97 to 11/97- EFT (electronic funds transfers), reengineering, requirements, MS Project & Visio PROJECT MANAGER and BUSINESS ANALYST Turner Broadcasting 1995 to January 1995 to DIRECTOR of IT Koch Industries - Wichita, KS January 1991 to January 1995 permanent role) Education Business/Finance Seton Hall University Skills Data Analytics Certifications/Licenses Driver's License