General Manager (GM), IT & Client Delivery General <span class="hl">Manager</span> (GM), <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; Client Delivery Proven Leadership in IT, Development, Program Management, Project Management and Client Delivery Placentia, CA Program/ Project Management leader with extensive information technology, business operations, Healthcare insurance, B2B and B2C experience. Quantifiable successes with the ideation, development, implementation and management of largescale programs, projects, startup companies, PMOs and project portfolios. Work Experience General Manager (GM), IT & Client Delivery PriceSpider - Irvine, CA September 2016 to May 2018 Irvine, CA September 2016-May 2018  PriceSpider, a retail SaaS platform technology company, offers solutions that provide consumer purchasing behavior insights for marketers, brand manufacturers and retailers. PriceSpider services 160 manufacturer clients, 580 brands and 390,000 products sold across 10,000 sellers in 250 countries.  General Manager (GM), IT & Client Delivery  This position reported to PriceSpider's president and guided all aspects of IT operations, development and client delivery.  Directed a team of 40 resources comprised of VPs, directors, managers, product owners, developers, systems engineers (DevOps, InfoSec, Etc.), help-desk technicians, project managers, business analysts, UX information architects, client-delivery specialists, technical writers and quality-assurance resources with an $8 million budget.  • Evolved PriceSpider's ( IT Ops, DevOps, Dev and Client Delivery) organizational, operational, procedural and human- resource maturity through the implementation of effective PMO, Program and Project Management methodologies and best practices to maximize throughput, quality, extensibility and sustainable capacity while minimizing rework, downtime, costs and technical debt. This resulted in measurably increased productivity, visibility, predictability and dependability in the product delivery lifecycle.  • Provided executive leadership and strategic/tactical planning for all IT operations, resulting in a 50 percent reduction in monthly IT infrastructure costs through systematic, comprehensive inventorying, analyzing, and optimizing all systems, services, and hardware utilized at PriceSpider.  • Increased PriceSpider's client delivery capability by 500 percent by optimizing client delivery processes, building staff capabilities, and advancing/restructuring related project management and organizational processes.  • Consistently hit PriceSpider's target for delivery of $40,000 new monthly recurring revenue (MRR) per month.  • Championed technical writing to develop process-flow documentation, quick reference guides and user manuals (external and internal). This resulted in decreased new employee training time, reduction in Single Points of Failure, repeatable/consistent processes and higher customer satisfaction.  • Originated and orchestrated the development and successful testing of company's first Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP) and Security Incident Response Plan (SIRP). This allowed for business expansion as many of the new, larger and more mature clients required a documented and tested DRP/SIRP before signing contractual agreements.  • Championed and oversaw the successful development of an RFP response library and process. This improved the consistency and uniformity of responses, as well as reduced RFP response times from 20 to 40+ hours to 2 to 4 hours. Vice President (VP), IT Prospect Medical Systems - Orange, CA March 2014 to June 2016 Orange, CA March 2014-June 2016  Prospect Medical Systems, a healthcare system, provides Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) and Management Services  Organization (MSO) services to 342,000 members and 230,000 medical providers.  Vice President (VP), IT  This position reported to the CFO and guided all aspects of IT operations, development, help desk, core system configuration and maintenance for Prospect Medical System. Led a team of 60 resources comprised of directors, managers, developers, DB admins, network/telecoms engineers, help-desk technicians, project managers, business analysts, quality assurance specialists, EDI specialists, provider contract configuration specialists and member benefit configuration specialists with a $10 million budget.  • Increased IT Department's productivity by 400 percent while increasing team size by only 30 percent through the implementation of industry best practices (PMO, portfolio management, Project Review Board, project prioritization, project management, resource allocation, SCRUM, velocity tracking, continuous improvement, continuous integration, automated builds, re-usability, high-quality code and fewer bugs).  • Initiated, championed and oversaw a project to successfully achieve ICD 10 (the system healthcare providers use to classify and code all diagnoses, symptoms and procedures) compliance by the October 1, 2015 deadline mandated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This project was necessary for PMS to remain in business,   as ICD-9 coding would become obsolete in the transition to ICD-10. PMS would not have been able communicate or report to government agencies or other healthcare providers without the successful completion of this project.  • Launched and oversaw a successful re-engineering initiative to upgrade the core system from an unsupported version to a current version. This allowed PMS to stay in business, reduced risk, increased vendor supportability and required less customization for work-arounds caused by the unsupported version.  • Directed the company undertaking and successfully passing its first independent penetration tests. This was a prerequisite for the company's expansion into other regions, and ability to service larger clients, as many of the new clients were requiring successful penetration-test results before signing contractual agreements.  • Originated and orchestrated the development and successful testing of company's first disaster recovery plan (DRP).  This facilitated business expansion, as many of the new, larger, and more mature clients and healthcare partners were requiring a documented, tested DRP before signing contractual agreements.  • Directed the overhaul of the RFP response library and process. This improved the consistency and uniformity of the responses, as well as reduced RFP response times from 20+ hours to an average of 2 hours.  • Supervised vendor selection and aggressively negotiated for best hardware, software, consulting, licensing and maintenance contracts that save PMS millions of dollars from quoted rates. Vice President (VP), IT Business Solutions Word & Brown (W&B) Companies - Orange, CA April 2013 to March 2014 This position reported to the CIO, and spearheaded the development and delivery of the Business Solutions startup program to deliver innovative IT solutions that increased the business units' efficiency and capacity at reduced costs through process automation, optimization and streamlining existing manual processes. Supervised a team of 12 development resources comprised of a product owner, scrum master, business analyst, developer, document management specialist, database administrator and quality assurance resources with a $3 million budget.  • Identified the business needs for the IT Business Solutions (DocTech) department which remains one of W&B's biggest cost-saving/efficiency-optimization teams.  • Assessed business needs against the features, functions and capabilities within the Hewlett Packard (HP) solution (HP Autonomy & HP Exstream) to assess its ability to bridge business goals with technology that would provide efficient and effective cost-saving solutions.  • Aggressively negotiated with HP to a finalized price approximately $6 million below the initial asking price.  • Developed an alternative solution for document/file discovery and process automation tools, which saved the company from having to purchase HP upgrades in excess of $2 million.  • Implemented an automated process for producing monthly broker commission statements, reducing the time required to complete the process from 160 hours to 45 seconds, with an approximate aggregate savings of $100,000 annually. It also freed up four senior finance staff resources to work on other tasks for one week a month. Vice President (VP), IT Healthcare Exchange Solutions Word & Brown (W&B) Companies - Orange County, CA January 2011 to March 2013 This position reported to the CIO and directed the entire Health Insurance Exchange (HIX) startup program to develop a SaaS solution to allow clients (US states) to configure, sell and administer their respective Affordable Care Act (ACA) program  Health Insurance Exchange. Managed the staff of 160 development resources with a $60 million budget.  • Coordinated 13 separate development teams working simultaneously in the same code base on the same project while sustaining continuous integration and daily automated builds. This enabled the team to meet the program's aggressive time constraints.  • Managed coordination/integration with internal partners and external vendors for delivery of solutions outside the team's responsibilities, which enabled the team to meet the program's aggressive time constraints. Director, HealthCompare (HCI)/Joppel IT Project Management Office Word & Brown (W&B) Companies - Orange, CA March 2010 to January 2011 This position reported to the Senior VP IT PMO, and oversaw the entire IT life cycle and delivery of a startup project (HealthCompare.com) to develop the enterprise software (website, CRM, and backend integration) required to establish a new company to sell Medicare supplemental insurance directly to consumers (B2C) online or telephonically. Directed a team consisting of a full continuum of up to 50 development resources (onshore in the U.S. and offshore in China) with an $8.5 million dollar budget.  • Led this project to completion in nine months (on time and under budget).  • Developed the roadmap, timeline and budget enabling IT to support the company in meeting its financial objectives.  • Facilitated the process that ensured the team passed its CMS audit the first time - an industry rarity - with minimal corrective actions required (the corrections were completed in less than one week). Senior Project Manager, HealthCompare (HCI) Word & Brown (W&B) Companies - Orange, CA November 2008 to February 2010 This position reported to the Senior VP of HealthCompare, and managed the entire IT lifecycle and delivery of a startup project (HealthCompare.com) to develop the enterprise software (website, CRM, and backend integration) required to establish a new company to sell Individual Family Plan (IFP) insurance directly to consumers (B2C) online or telephonically.  The team consisted of the same resources used on Joppel.com (above) with an $8.5 million budget.  • Led this project to completion in nine months (on time and under budget).  • Successfully transitioned HCI's CRM (core application) from Microsoft Dynamics to AgentCubed on time and under budget, which increased sales staff efficiency immediately upon deployment. Senior Project Manager, GA IT Project Management Office Word & Brown (W&B) Companies - Orange, CA February 2008 to October 2008 This position reported to the VP of IT PMO, and managed large, critical and high-risk projects enterprise wide.  • Migrated General Administrator's (GA) Core Business Platform from PICK to .NET, allowing the company's most critical core platform to be on a modern technology platform, providing the business with more flexibility, scalability and extensibility. This was a critical landmark, as they had tried to complete the project for over five years.  • Managed several small to mid-sized (100 to 500 hour) projects to successful completion (on time and under budget).  This was recognized as a company first. Director, UBH IT Project Management Office PacifiCare (United) Behavioral Health September 2006 to September 2007 Please note that United Health Group (UHG) purchased PacifiCare Health Systems (below) in 2006.  This position reported to the VP of UBH Business Solutions and managed a portfolio of 100+ projects with an annual budget of $32.5 million as well as fulfilled all HR responsibilities for a team of 11 full-time project managers and eight IT consultants.  • Reviewed existing active projects and implemented portfolio management best practices, resulting in the reduction of 1,400 percent over-allocated resources to a dynamic, realistic allocation. This facilitated predictable roadmaps, focused resources and shorter project delivery times.  • Enhanced maturity of the PMO and PMs through the development, documentation and implementation of industry- accepted (PMI) program management, project management office and project management best practices and processes. This resulted in a reduction of the project failure rate from nearly 70 percent to less than 20 percent. Manager, PBH IT Project Management Office PacifiCare (United) Behavioral Health - Costa Mesa, CA January 2003 to August 2006 This position reported to the CIO and managed a portfolio of 60+ projects with an annual budget of $10 million as well as fulfilled all HR responsibilities for a team of five full-time project managers and up to three IT consultants.  • Developed and implemented project management methodologies which resulted in the reduction of project costs and durations overruns - previously over 300 percent - to +20 percent with considerations for change control.  • Integrated portfolio management, capacity planning and resource recruitment activities to meet budget constraints while maximizing the delivery of applications critical to PBH meeting strategic and financial goals. Education Master's California State Bachelor of Science California State Skills B2B (Less than 1 year), B2C (2 years), best practices (4 years), Business Operations (Less than 1 year), Collection (Less than 1 year), Data Collection (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Exchange (2 years), Health Maintenance Organization (2 years), healthcare (2 years), HMO (2 years), InfoSec (1 year), Jira (Less than 1 year), Medicare (3 years), MICROSOFT PROJECT (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT TEAM FOUNDATION SERVER (Less than 1 year), operations (3 years), PMO (6 years), Project Management (10+ years), Word (6 years) Certifications/Licenses PMP CSM