Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Houston, TX Senior IT Program and Project Manager with 20+ years of experience in Infrastructure, Software Development, SAP Implementations and Enhancements, and IT Service Management. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager KBR - Houston, TX 2016 to 2018 Primary job duties include managing program and project scope, execution plan, schedule, budget, risk and mitigation, communications and supervising the program and project teams through the complete lifecycle while using Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Other duties include managing project initiation activities including business case preparation and submission, stakeholder management, and requirements elicitation. Projects included:  ? Program to consolidate ERP systems at KBR, including several projects to migrate company sites on Oracle EBS to SAP, and migrate the SAP and Hyperion landscapes to a cloud hosted solution. This program was completed on time and budget and within a strict and fixed schedule.  ? Project to develop and deploy Windows 10 Common Office Environment for 15,000+ end user machines at KBR, including developing the new image, testing 1200+ business and engineering applications against the new image, and developing and executing a global deployment plan with global and regional teams for all KBR offices in the US, UK, Middle East, Asia Pacific.  ? Agile project to re-engineer the in-house Health, Safety and Risk application suite with .Net using Agile project methodology to web-enabled and iOS and Android mobile applications. Senior Manager, Information Management KBR 2011 to 2016 Managing the enterprise program to design, develop and build the Business System Delivery solution for Sadara Chemical Company, a new Petrochemical joint venture between Saudi Aramco and Dow Chemical in Saudi Arabia. This program was budgeted at $385MM, and included multiple projects:  ? Project to implement an enterprise SAP solution for the new company, including Finance, HR, Procurement, Supply Chain, Material Management, Production Planning, and EHS modules.  ? Agile project to design and implement interfaces for the exchange of financial, procurement and production planning data between the ERP system of the new company and the enterprise ERP systems of the two parent companies.  ? Project to implement Raw Material Warehouse solution for the new company and interface with the company's enterprise SAP system.  As the Program Management Team Manager, my direct responsibilities included:  ? Establishing the Program Management Office to lead the Sadara Business Systems Delivery Program and responsible for Program Management and Business Analysis and Support. My job duties included:  * Recruitment of 14 program consultants responsible for managing the budget, schedule and scope through all program phases. Consultant Resources recruited included Program Administration, Scheduling, Cost Accounting, Testing, and Functional Consultants.  * Establishing and Formalizing the Business Systems Delivery Program PMO processes, procedures and documentation templates, and aligning them with the overall Sadara Program and governance.  * Managing the Program PMO team personnel work and performance over the lifecycle of the Program, including ramp up and ramp down activities of the team personnel.  * Responsible for the Program PMO budget, including planning, forecasting and reporting and presentation to the Sadara Executive Program Board.  * Responsible for reporting on the overall program progress and performance to the Sadara Executive Program Board.  * Managing the program risk register and creating risk reporting for executive review.  * Completing and submitting the program final closure report.  ? The Program Management team was responsible for the following tasks through the Program lifecycle:  * Completing the initiation and pre-planning activities for the program including the Program Charter, Basis of Design, Resourcing Plan, Execution Plan, and Contracting Plan.  * Gathering, documenting and prioritizing Business Requirements for the new company by engaging with Program and Company SMEs.  * Preparing and completing the program bid documents and issuing the bid package for approval to go to market.  * Pre-qualifying SAP system integrators and evaluating final bidders' technical bid proposals to implement planned scope.  * Preparing and Completing the preliminary program budget estimate and execution plan.  * Reviewing the system blueprint and design documents and the detailed execution plan and schedule through the complete lifecycle and following the ASAP and Agile methodologies.  * Monitoring the Program Implementation globally distributed team of 350+ people over the lifecycle of the program for compliance, performance and quality assurance.  * Monitoring and managing the program scope including changes to scope as needed and requested by the stakeholders.  * Tracking and monitoring all testing progress and User Acceptance Testing, including tracking and monitoring defects remediation. IT Project Manager KBR 2008 to 2011 Primary job duties include managing project scope, execution plan, schedule, budget, risk and mitigation, communications and supervising the project team through the complete project lifecycle. Other duties include managing project initiation activities including business case preparation and submission, stakeholder management, and requirements elicitation. Projects included:  ? Design, develop, build and deploy the new Windows 7 Common Office Environment for KBR, including image building and applications testing.  ? Upgrade of KBR's MS SQL and Sybase SQL Anywhere databases to compliant and supported versions.  ? Migrate legacy HR data and data structure as inherited from Halliburton ERP system to the new KBR-managed SAP systems.  ? Upgrade the global Citrix landscape.  ? Deploy Symantec End-Point Protection solution at KBR as an upgrade to the existing Symantec Anti-Virus architecture at KBR.  ? Upgrade the Orion Monitoring landscape at KBR.  ? Implement a unified global audio, video and web conferencing solution at KBR replacing various legacy conferencing systems. SAP Project, Change and Environment Manager KBR 2004 to 2008 Managed the project to host KBR's SAP landscape at a qualified hosting provider. This project included conducting a comprehensive enterprise sizing study of SAP at KBR and qualifying and selecting the eventual SAP Hosting Services Providers.  ? Managed the project for the landscape deployment for Hyperion Financial Management and Planning at KBR, including planning and coordinating the performance testing activities.  ? Responsible for Change and Environment Coordination and Management for the SAP and Hyperion environments, including  * Project management activities associated with implementing changes in these environments.  * Managing changes within the SAP environment including planning and coordination with hardware and software vendors.  * Participating in the coordination and administration of the SAP transport process for the application of system changes.  ? Participated in defining, evaluating and implementing the Disaster Recovery plan for the SAP environment at KBR. This also included planning and coordinating testing the DR plan for SAP on an annual basis.  ? Participated in the planning and implementation of on-going operational SAP testing activities, including testing conducted in preparation for the implementation of SAP support packs.  ? Responsible for administering add-on tools associated with the SAP environment at KBR.  ? Managed the project to acquire and implement a Data Scrambling and Replication solution for KBR's SAP implementation.  ? Participated in the coordination and management activities for preparing the SAP training materials.  ? Responsible for leading the SAP Support team designated to provide Level II business and application support for the SAP implementation at KBR, including establishing the policies and procedures and support methodology of the team. IT Customer Services Lead HALLIBURTON - Houston, TX 1997 to 2003 Lead the Customer Services team of 10 IT professionals for Halliburton's West Houston campuses in Oak Park and Westpark.  ? Provided both administrative and technical leadership for the team in West Houston, including overall team management, and performance reviews.  ? Responsible for managing all rollout projects in West Houston campuses including the SAP Client and Tech Refresh rollout.    1997 - 2003 Education M.B.A. in Finance NEW YORK UNIVERSITY, LEONARD N. STERN SCHOOL OF BUSINESS - New York, NY 1994 M.S. Civil Engineering in Construction Engineering and Management COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY, SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING AND APPLIED SCIENCES - New York, NY 1988 B.S. in Civil Engineering UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON - Houston, TX 1986 Skills Project Management (10+ years), Program Management (7 years), Business Analysis (7 years), It Service Management (8 years), Project Planning (10+ years), MS Project (10+ years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Visual Studio (2 years), MS Office (10+ years), MS Visio (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2019 to May 2022 ITIL v3 2007 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  • Excellent and fluent command of both English and Arabic.  • Highly proficient in MS Office, Visio and Project, including Excel for data analysis and reporting.  • Experience with SharePoint managing project web sites and documentation.  • Experience with managing Development project deliverables through Visual Studio Team Services.