Project Manager Cybersecurity <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Cybersecurity Project Manager Cybersecurity Castle Rock, CO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Cybersecurity KeySight Technologies - Colorado Springs, CO January 2019 to June 2019 • Implementation of CSP (cloud security program) external web sites traffic from Imperva to Akamai taking over the CCX (customer corporation experience) to ISC (information security and compliance)  • Define scope and build plan for the VM (vulnerability management) project, scan results on monthly basis showing metrics and status. Qualys to Tenable Nessus.  • Delivered endpoint management to discover, provision, deploy, and troubleshoot external network web services to devices within the organization.  • Employed Akamai service waf (web application firewall) to protect network from malicious internet traffic. Project Analyst Healthcare Services - Georgetown, TX January 2015 to November 2018 • Implementation of Electronic Health Records, guiding the development of context, content and deployment of database system.  • Govern the project life cycle, coordinating tasks, monitoring resources, defining requirements and scope and negotiating all change orders. Project Manager US Figure Skating Association - Colorado Springs, CO January 2014 to January 2015 • Provided strategic direction for numerous projects, including cloud, digital transformation and mobility, developing custom work flows, fields, permission schemes and achieving 100% performance rates through the use of Agile, Scrum, JIRA and Confluence methods.  • Established capability tests for the existing applications to meet the new requirements, in the Agile framework on Mainframe system.  • Enhanced operational efficiency by more than 25%, developing filters, custom dashboards and reports. Saved approximately $1 Million in potential lost revenues through skillful negotiation of software acquisition and licensing.  • Increased revenue by $2 Million/year, nurturing profitable relationships with vendors and suppliers. Project Manager FedEx Services - Colorado Springs, CO August 2012 to July 2013 • Facilitated system architecture and integration, working within a demanding timeline, to accommodate ongoing employee expansion efforts.  • Established congruence between business parameters and team capabilities, carefully monitoring schedule, scope, budget and quality to achieve 100% of stake holder requirements.  • Provided exceptional end-user support and assistance, leveraging organizational capabilities in computer networking and expediting all issue resolution. Project Manager San Antonio, TX November 2011 to June 2012 • Conducted root cause analysis, implementing continuous improvements during the installation and upgrade to 3.0 servers, that enabled flash cut of all existing programs on site 31 and deployment of 3.0 .NET clients.  • Expertly negotiated and administered the roll out of .NET client and desktop CIC products, including IRC, to approximately 700 desktops throughout multiple locations. Counselor/HR Residential Dual Diagnosis Treatment Program Denver - Denver, CO May 2009 to October 2011 Counseled offenders, matching them with specialized treatment services including mental health clinics and substance abuse interventions. Tracked progress to ensure that all offenders were in compliance with the terms of their parole. Director of Operations | IT Program Manager MVP Healthcare - Rochester, NY November 2008 to May 2009 • Evaluated current processes and capabilities, facilitating HIPAA, OSHA, HR Project and Open Enrollment requirements. Implemented viable improvements and conducted comprehensive analysis of project requirements.  • Served as the project lead for a new call center that opened in Rochester, NY. Reinforced team cohesion and ensured project successes, developing contingencies and establishing cost controls. Voice Engineer | Program Manager Hewlett Packard - Englewood, CO May 1996 to October 2008 • Achieved a cost reduction of $32 Million over the span of five years, through comprehensive circuit conversions across various carriers, reengineering all voice infrastructures.  • Subsequently led a team of 25 technical professionals, governing the design and implementation of critical improvements and managing an annual operating budget exceeding $5 Million. Education Bachelor's in Business Management Park University - Parkville, MO Associate in Office Information Systems Interstate Career College - Tucson, AZ Associate in Applied Science Community College of the Air Force - Phoenix, AZ Skills security, Vmware Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jameswalker42 Military Service Branch: Air Force Service Country: United States Rank: E-6