Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - CDW Corporation Mentor, OH Work Experience Senior Project Manager CDW Corporation - Independence, OH February 2019 to Present Independence, OH 2/2019-present  The CDW Corporation, headquartered in Lincolnshire, Illinois, is a provider of technology products and services for business, government and education.    Senior Project Manager  As a Senior Project Manager I am responsible for taking a variety of infrastructure projects through the complete CDW project lifecycle. This life cycle includes: 1. Introduction meetings with CDW sales and the external client. 2. Conducting both an internal CDW and external client kick-off meetings. 3. Resourcing the project with either CDW engineers or vendor partners. 4. Project execution/control: conducting weekly status/budget review meeting with stakeholders; regular stand-up meetings with engineers 5. Project Closure: deliverable review & sign-off, formal project acceptance by client, documenting lessons learned. At any time I am managing more than twenty active infrastructure projects utilizing the Changepoint project management tool.  Key Achievements:  ? Managed to completion a SIP (Session Initiated Protocol) upgrade for a national law firm.  ? Managed to completion an RFP Contact Center engagement for national cleaning company.  ? Managed to completion a NetApp installation for a financial services company.  ? Managed to completion a UCS QuickStart installation for a financial services company.  ? Managed to completion a Citrix NetScaler installation for a software development company.  ? Managed to completion an Exchange Online installation for a New York school system.  ? Managed to completion a Nimble installation for an Ohio school system.  ? Managed to completion a Microsoft 365 Proof of Concept for a global industrial supply company.  ? Managed to completion a NetApp installation for a national insurance company.  ? Managed to completion an Umbrella QuickStart installation for a local manufacturing company.  ? Managed to completion a Windows Software Upgrade Services assessment for a global company.  ? Managed to completion a Microsoft Teams Proof of Concept for a global law firm. Project Manager III / Contractor PNC Bank - Highland Hills, OH May 2016 to February 2019 Highland Hills, OH 5/2016-2/2019  PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is an American financial services corporation. PNC operations include a regional banking franchise operating primarily in nineteen states and the District of Columbia with more than 2,600 branches, online and mobile services together with 9000 ATMs.    Project Manager III / Contractor  CA PPM (Clarity) and Open Workbench are used in managing stand-alone projects as well as Master/Sub- projects. Clarity is used to create and maintain Work Breakdown Structures (WBS) and Cost Plans. The Clarity approval process facilitates moving projects through SDLC phases by uploading artifacts and obtaining approval from business sponsors/auditors/support. Approval to move from phase to phase is obtained using phase gate meetings. Weekly Status Reporting and Risks/ Issues/Change Requests maintenance is performed in Clarity. I provide expertise in program/ project management and manage the full system development life cycle utilizing a hybrid agile/waterfall methodology.    Key Achievements:  ? Monitoring schedule, scope and budget for multiple projects.  ? Deployed multiple projects from initiation through project close.  ? Conduct phase gate meetings ensuring readiness to begin next phase.  ? Ensure adherence to the SLDC utilizing Clarity approvals for phase gates & artifacts.  ? Create weekly project status reports for management.  ? Generate/update Work Breakdown Structures and Cost Plans.  ? Conduct weekly status meetings with stakeholders and technology staff.  ? Use AGILE/Scrum techniques to improve Waterfall methodology.  ? Conduct daily standup meetings with the project team, removing blockers as needed.  ? Maintain Risks/Issues determining appropriate solutions and mitigation strategies Project Manager / Project Estimator JTP Services Inc - Charlotte, NC January 2016 to April 2016 Charlotte, NC 1/2016 - 4/2016  An independently owned general contracting firm providing home renovations and remodeling services.    Project Manager / Project Estimator  Performed project estimating and directed work efforts for home renovations including: interior/exterior painting, deck & patio repair/installation; fence repair/installation; roof repair/ installation. Other services provided included power washing, product assembly and appliance installation.  Key Achievements Senior Consultant/Senior Project Manager Bank of America - Charlotte, NC August 2015 to December 2015 Charlotte, NC 8/2015-12/2015  An American multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, the second largest bank holding company in the United States by assets.    Senior Consultant/Senior Project Manager  As a senior consultant I provided expertise in program/ project management and manage the full system development life cycle utilizing a hybrid agile/waterfall methodology. Coordinated the QA/UAT test phases across four areas in the rollout of testing software for the Testing Tech & Tools group. Coordinated and actively participated in the independent testing of high risk process & controls at Merrill Lynch for the Compliance Department.    Key Achievements:  ? Monitoring timeline, scope and budget for the an enterprise program  ? Direct and mentor junior PMs in the achievement of project goals  ? Generate weekly project status for senior management  ? Ensure adherence to the SLDC and the timely creation of project artifacts  ? Collaborate with business partners to review and adjust priorities  ? Utilized an AGILE/Waterfall methodology in software development & testing  ? Evaluate Risks/Issues and determine appropriate solutions and mitigation strategies  ? Performed compliance testing for high risk processes and procedures Program/ Project Manager TIAA-CREF - Charlotte, NC January 2015 to July 2015 Charlotte, NC 1/2015- 7/2015  A financial services firm and a leader in investment products & services and retirement planning.    Program/ Project Manager (Contractor)  As a senior member of the EMC2 consulting practice I provide expertise in program and project management. While at TIAA-CREF oversaw three project managers each managing multiple software delivery projects. Utilized an AGILE methodology for software development that supported enhancements for the ALERTS engine which sends a variety of messages to advisers & clients.    Key Achievements:  ? Monitored budget, resources, constraints and schedule for multiple projects/ project managers  ? Utilized the Clarity (PPM) system in time reporting, staff allocation and budgeting  ? Ensured the creation of project artifacts.  ? Ensured timely engagement of groups outside of the project team.  ? Managed Risks, Action Items, Issues and Decisions.  ? Updated a Program Matrix providing a snapshot of all projects and status Project Manager/Contractor Morgan Stanley - New York, NY August 2014 to December 2014 New York, New York 8/2014- 12/2014  A global financial services firm and a market leader in securities, asset management and credit services.    Project Manager/Contractor  As a senior member of the PMO organization I provide expertise in program and project management. Managing the full system development life cycle (SDLC). Employed an AGILE methodology to enhance software in order to correct missing or out-of-sync data elements in the Human Resources Data Warehouse (HRDW) that resulted during a conversion from a PeopleSoft Human Resource system to a WorkDay Human Resource system.    Key Achievements:  ? Managed the full SDLC for a deployment to correct data elements in HRDW that were adversely affecting Business Objects compensation reporting.  ? Managed the full SDLC for an effort to add historical rows to HRDW for missing base salaries.  ? Managing the full SDLC for a deployment to add historical rows to HRDW for missing base salaries  ? Utilized HP's Project Portfolio Management (PPM) system in staff allocation and budgeting  ? Utilized SharePoint to facilitate document sharing with the core project team.  ? Held weekly meetings with project stakeholders to review project status.  ? Provided weekly RAG reporting to senior management using PowerPoint and Excel.  ? Conducted a daily standup meeting with the core project team providing current project status. Project Manager/Contractor Guy Carpenter - Hoboken, NJ April 2013 to July 2014 Hoboken, New Jersey 4/2013 - 7/2014  A leading global risk and reinsurance specialist and part of the Marsh McLennan Companies located in Hoboken, NJ.    Project Manager/Contractor  As project manager and a senior member of the PMO organization provided expertise in program and project management. Directed multiple AGILE /Waterfall projects with globally distributed staffs ranging in size from 8-15 technologists and with budgets ranging from $300,000 to $7 million. Used HP's Project Portfolio Management application (PPM) and Documentum's D2 Enterprise Content Management system for resource management, project tracking and artifact sharing. Extremely proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of products.    Key Achievements:  ? Managed a firm wide rollout to 250+ users of a Oracle's Enterprise Content Management solution  ? Managed a project for compliance with the IRS regulation FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act)  ? Managed an assessment for the migration of two VB 6.0 legacy applications to .Net technology  ? Managed a project to create a new and revitalized Portal with new interfaces and new architecture using Oracle's WebCenter Portal & Spaces solution.  ? Managed a project to migrate all Guy Carpenter externally facing websites to Adobe CQ, a Web Content & Experience Management system.  ? Managed the full SDLC for a pilot rollout of a Oracle's Enterprise Content Management solution Project Manager/Contractor Morgan Stanley - New York, NY May 2011 to March 2013 New York, New York 5/2011 - 3/2013  A global financial services firm and a market leader in securities, asset management and credit services located in New York City, NY.    Project Manager/Contractor  A program manager and a senior member of the PMO organization providing expertise in program and project management. Managing individual projects as well as supervising 3 project managers with a portfolio of 30+ projects and an estimated budget of $10+ million. Utilize HP's Project Portfolio Management application (PPM) and IBM SharePoint in managing projects. Skilled in the use of Microsoft applications (PowerPoint, Visio, Project and Excel, Word) to document project status, analyzing data and progressing projects through the SDLC.    Key Achievements:  ? Held weekly meetings with PMs to review project status; ensuring that the PMO SharePoint site, MS project plans and HP's Project Portfolio Management (PPM) application are current  ? Provided program/ project reporting to senior management using PowerPoint and Excel Pivot tables/charts. Document process flow using Visio.  ? Coordinated the transition from direct access of web services to the utilization of Kerberos and LDAP groups for a two phased security project involving the entire organization  ? Performed weekly log analysis; identify those staff member not accessing web services via an acceptable mechanism; consolidate data across multiple spreadsheets using the Excel vlookup function  ? Conducted status meetings with technical staff and perform updates to the PMO SharePoint site, project plans and HPs Project Portfolio Management(PPM) application  ? Created projects, work plans, perform resource allocation, budgeting and time entry in the PPM application Program Manager/Contractor BINEC Computer Services - East Brunswick, NJ October 2010 to April 2011 East Brunswick, New Jersey 10/2010 - 04/2011  A consulting services firm providing Technology Support, Project Solutions and Business Process Re-Engineering for clients in the Tri-State area located in Newark, NJ.    Program Manager/Contractor  Directed and participated in the gathering of business requirements and the generation of the functional requirements. Performed the database design, system design and screen design for a $1.2 million .NET software development effort prototype. Began the analysis & design utilizing Microsoft SharePoint for the technical architecture for a medical records process improvement project.    Key Achievements:  ? Performed database and screen design for a .Net Commercial Real Estate auction site  ? Conducted regular status meetings and provided daily communication to business line  ? Managed the project timeline using Microsoft Project IT Manager PARK VIEW FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK - Solon, OH August 2004 to September 2010 Solon, Ohio 08/2004 - 09/2010  $900 million regional savings bank with 17 locations in the Cleveland metro area located in Solon, OH.    IT Manager  Collaborated with senior executives in establishing project priorities as well as creating policies and procedures that provide the frame work for IT governance. Drove process improvement through increased automation; always striving to provide greater responsiveness to internal and external customers. Directed all phases of system development for Bank initiatives and ensured the system development life cycle was followed so that utilization of resources provides the maximum business benefit. Utilized JAD sessions composed of technical and business professionals to derive business requirements and to design system solutions that will improved the quality and value of projects delivered. Used both traditional (Waterfall) and iterative (Agile) methodologies in the system development life cycle. Held the SANS Institute GSLC certification enabling a more thorough understanding of the security needs required by the Bank    Key Achievements:  ? Established a Project Management Office (PMO)  ? Created and implemented a formal Project Life Cycle and Software Development Life Cycle  ? Created a central repository and established the use of standard templates for project artifacts  ? Implemented project status reporting for schedule, budget and scope  ? Delivered 5 software upgrades to the Banks core processing system providing processing efficiencies and regulatory compliance.  ? Managed the rollout of an MPLS network solution; negotiated a yearly reduction in infrastructure expenses of $54,000.  ? Implemented a process for data masking thus protecting client PII  ? Ensured the creation of QA and UAT test plans for major releases and that thorough testing was performed by the SMEs / business line prior to release implementation Project Manager/Program Manager/Contractor KEY BANK - Cleveland, OH December 2003 to July 2004 Directed projects and project teams with a combined sizes ranging from 35 to 60 technologists in the implementation of software enhancements. Teamed with senior management to track project status and make recommendations on project direction and strategies Senior Project Manager/Contractor CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY - Camden, NJ April 2002 to January 2003 Directed the customization and implementation of a software package. Orchestrated tasks across four organizations, including Booz Allen Hamilton, IBM, Campbell Soup and CAS America. Senior Project Manager/Contractor NABISCO BISCUIT & SNACKING - East Hanover, NJ July 2001 to March 2002 East Hanover, New Jersey 07/2001 - 03/2002  $6 billion global manufacturer of food products and division of Kraft Foods.    Senior Project Manager/Contractor  Directed the implementation of process improvements by utilizing diverse project team. Provided daily updates to senior management on status and progress of online software trade promotion project. Vice President of Application Development PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL - Iselin, NJ April 1996 to July 2001 Iselin, New Jersey 04/1996 - 07/2001  One of America's largest life insurance companies, providing a variety of financial products and services.    Vice President of Application Development  Managed implementation of software upgrades, custom development projects and conversion efforts. Coordinated a skilled 80-person international staff in the U.S. and Ireland with $19 million budget. Facilitated and negotiated project prioritization and scheduling across multiple business units. Directed all phases of SDLC: project charter through post implementation support. Senior Project Manager/Contractor AMERICAN EXPRESS - New York, NY July 1995 to March 1996 New York, New York 07/1995 - 03/1996  A global financial services company providing banking, card and travel services.    Senior Project Manager/Contractor  Managed projects for the conversion of the Thomas Cook Travel Agency Human Resources, Benefits and Payroll systems onto the American Express PeopleSoft systems and for the conversion effort for the American Express Blue Box Project for the purposes of consolidation of all HR systems onto a single system. Vice President of Application Development BANKERS TRUST COMPANY - Jersey City, NJ November 1989 to July 1995 Jersey City, New Jersey 11/1989 - 07/1995  A commercial bank specializing in derivatives and risk management, acquired by Deutsche Bank.    Vice President of Application Development  Directed multiple projects including the development of a large-scale multi-currency accounting and reporting system, built on a multi-layer client-server architecture including CICS, DB2 and message-based middleware. Functioned as Manager of Technology for global security services production support and maintenance area, with staff of 20+ technologists. Duties included project planning, time reporting, performance appraisals and performance tuning. Education Master of Arts in Education The Ohio State University - Columbus, OH Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics Ohio Wesleyan University - Delaware, OH Skills Pmp, Security, Database, Database design, Budget, Risk management, Cost control, Roi, Scheduling, Team building, Process improvement, Coaching Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Project Management (PMP) • Leadership /Collaboration • Process Improvement  • Agile/SCRUM (CSM) • Budget / ROI / Cost Control • System / Database Design  • Team Building / Coaching • Regulatory/Compliance • Risk Management  • Iterative Methodologies • Scheduling / Planning • Security (SANS-GSLC*)