Manager, Program Management <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Program Management Manager, Program Management - Charter Communications Easton, CT Work Experience Manager, Program Management Charter Communications - Stamford, CT January 2019 to Present • Spearheaded, designed, and developed a web-based Training Portal and standardized training curriculum, as well as, developed a Billing PMO organization website.  • Developing a Continuous Improvement Process (CIP) and standardized software solution (i.e. - Web Application & Database) around Lessons Learned. Senior IT Manager - Corporate HFM GE - Corporate 2016 to 2017 • Effectively led Finance IT's top initiative to drive the strategic transformation of the Corporate consolidation platform and process to achieve simplification, centralization and controllership around GE's financial closing process utilizing ALM (Application Lifecycle Management), SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle), and ITIL (Infrastructure Technology Service Management) best practices.  • Managed cross-functional, application, and architecture team of over 20 resources (FTE's & Contractors) to a successful rollout/go-live by spearheading effective requirements gathering, program management, task prioritization, resource planning, fostered synergies between architecture and support teams, end user training, SOX compliance, and operational readiness.  • Provided a single source of truth/financial data for ~500 global finance end users;, enforced the adoption of Enterprise Standard Chart of Accounts for all GE businesses, automated Inter-Company Reporting, and reduced GE's overall close process by ~2 days.  • Decreased vendor management spend by ~$200k Senior IT Operations Manager - EPM Corporate Shared Services GE - Corporate 2013 to 2016 • Developed a 24/7/365 Global Operations Team consisting of 20 direct reports (i.e. - 6 GE employees & 14 contractors) to lead ongoing support and development efforts for several mission critical and SOX Corporate Finance EPM (Enterprise Performance Management) applications.  • Vendor Management - provided all facets of onboarding: development/support teams, SOW reviews, POs, and the management of ~$2.5 million across multiple contracts with several strategic vendors.  • Established best practices, ensured that all SLA's were met, streamlined support processes to improve response time, and led the support effort for over 2500 global users.  • Piloted a DevOps Application Shared Services Team to provide Hyperion application support to other GE Business Units (e.g. - Lighting, Oil & Gas, Energy Management, etc.).  • Led initiative to sunset/decommission 2 out 6 Corporate Business Intelligence Hyperion OLAP finance applications, which led to the reduction of overall system downtime for the remaining 4 applications by eliminating over 500 hours of annual planned downtime.  • Created a detailed project plan and successfully led a cross-functional team for a $10M Oracle Exalytics hardware migration & software upgrade to Oracle Hyperion 11.1.2.4. Senior IT Project Manager GE - Corporate 2013 to 2013 • Led all ongoing support and development efforts for six mission critical corporate Business Intelligence Hyperion OLAP finance applications, SOX compliance, and managed a global team of 12 resources.  • Established best practices, streamlined support processes to improve response time, and led the support effort for over 700 global users.  • Managed cross-functional teams to ensure SOX compliance for six mission critical Hyperion OLAP finance applications, which led to the passing of GE's annual financial audit.  • Defined concise internal controls, TOD's (Test of Design), and TOE's (Test of Effectiveness).  • Created detailed project plan and successfully led a cross-functional team to upgrade GE Corporate's Oracle Hyperion tech stack from version 11.1.1.3 to 11.1.2.2. IT Project Manager GE - Corporate 2011 to 2013 Delivered a new user provisioning workflow for six Hyperion EPM finance applications. Partnered with multiple Functional Team Leaders to define requirements, created process mapping flowcharts, and worked with the GE IdM development team to deliver the new system. Redesigned the backend design from a flat file based system to a more robust database driven system, which significantly increased support team maintenance efficiency, accuracy, and audit based compliancy. Vice President, Client Services & Project Management Office (PMO) VERTRAX 2007 to 2010 • Led all Client Services initiatives, defined and executed department strategies, established best practices, led a team of 5 IT Project Managers, managed senior level client relationships, developed a new hire training program, and oversaw all on-going projects for a ERP/CRM back office and mobile logistics solutions software company.  • Partnered with CEO, CTO, and VP of Sales on RFP's, product design, application functionality, data center server architecture, new product rollout, resolved high priority collection items, established Reseller Agreements, etc.  • Spearheaded the implementation of MS Project into Client Services, trained staff, and developed multiple .mpp template base files for various project types to drive project effectiveness, efficiencies, and best practices. Project Manager MOTOROLA 2003 to 2006 • Created, modified and managed geodatabases/geofiles using both ESRI ArcGIS 9.x and proprietary GIS software for 9-1-1 Computer Aided Dispatch systems for the company's largest GIS client; the NYPD.  • Developed project plans as the lead GIS Mapping Applications Engineer, managed resources, provided onsite client training, data analysis, data conversion, customer training and on-going customer support.  • Awarded the Motorola "Bravo Award" for NYPD project accomplishments. GIS Mapping Technician MOTOROLA 2002 to 2003 Developed computerized maps and layers utilizing GIS mapping software by interpreting source data. Education Bachelor's in Psychology Sacred Heart University Associate in Business Administration Sacred Heart University Skills EPM, MS ACCESS, MS SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, ODBC, ORACLE, SQL, HYPERION, SHAREPOINT, IT PROJECT MANAGEMENT, VPN, NETWORKING, CHANGE MANAGEMENT, CSS, DREAMWEAVER, ESSBASE, BATCH FILES, HTML, JAVASCRIPT Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/johnjennings1