Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Tallahassee, FL A successful PMP Certified Project Manager with 10 years of IT project management experience across multiple platforms. Possess excellent planning and organizational skills with a proven ability to work with all levels of customers, staff and management. Outstanding technical knowledge spanning all network and system infrastructures. Results driven professional who excels at managing projects, collaborating with project teams, interfacing with clients, and deploying technology to build successful solutions for clients. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulations - Tallahassee, FL March 2016 to Present • Senior project manager for the following projects:  ? Online license application upgrade  ? Upgrade Oracle 10g to Exadata 12c  ? Scanner and Software upgrade for Central Intake Unit to include barcodes, Image Cash Letter and processes and procedures  ? Upgrade Microsoft CRM to latest version  ? Upgrade of tax collection and reporting software.  ? Upgrade of OnBase document management software  ? Upgrade SQL 2005 to SQL 2012.  • Lead requirements gathering sessions.  • Monitor and track project scope, schedules and lead weekly project status meetings.  • Provide weekly and monthly status reports for senior management and AST.  • Coordinate all aspects of work for the successful completion of projects.  • Coordinate work with outside vendors, technology staff and business process owners.  • Communicate risks, problems and proposed solutions to management.  • Coordinate and documents quality assurance activities.  • Write acceptance criteria for project and obtains stakeholder and business owner sign off on completion of the criteria.  • Write and maintain all documentation required for AST Rule 74-1, to include project charter, project management plan, risk and issues management, change management System Administrator Pointclear Networks - Fairhope, AL March 2015 to March 2016 • Project manager for Vorex service desk software purchase and implementation.  • Administrator for Continuum Remote Monitoring and Management.  • Conducted gap analysis on IT process and procedures and corrected issues identified.  • Assist with VoIP setup and configuration.  • Install new workstations, servers, networks and switches.  • Remote and on-site support of 30 Windows 2003, 2008, and 2012 servers. Systems Administrator/ IT Support Bay Area Food Bank - Mobile, AL October 2014 to February 2015 • Documented process and procedures for all IT systems.  • Conducted analysis on IT procedures, Active Directory and Security and corrected issues identified.  • Supported Primarius food bank management software.  • Setup Hyper-V server to better utilize limited resources of a non-profit organization.  • Windows server 2008 and 2012 support. Service Desk Manager Southwood Shared Resource Center - Tallahassee, FL June 2012 to July 2014 • Setup and held user training for Cherwell service desk software implementation.  • Wrote and implemented User Acceptance Testing for Cherwell implementation  • Supervised four service desk staff members and determined training needs for staff.  • Held customer service meetings to ensure customer needs were met.  • Elicited business requirements, analyzed the requirements and translated/simplified the requirements for new service desk software for the State of Florida centralized data center.  • Project manager for SSRC Infrastructure upgrade. Included VMware upgrade - setup 3 new VMware farms with servers and SAN storage and server migration.  • Project manager for Cherwell service desk software implementation.  • Wrote request for quote, analyzed and purchased new service desk software for the State of Florida centralized data center.  • Planned and monitored the implementation of Cherwell service desk software.  • Conducted gap analysis on IT process and procedures and corrected issues identified.  • Authorize and approve minor/low change  • Coordinate and conduct meetings with Change Advisory Board (CAB) to discuss higher risk changes  • Ensures that all the activities designed to implement the change are as per the standards. The policies and procedures should be well defined, recognized and reviewed  • Prepare Change Summary Sheet that summarizes all RFC's to help the CAB team to understand and evaluate the proposed change Senior IT Project Manager Consultant Florida Department of Transportation - Tallahassee, FL January 2011 to June 2012 • Senior Project Manager for the Agency Data Center Consolidation and a member of the Data Center Consolidation Move Team.  • Developed interactive linked SharePoint sites for documentation repository and consolidation.  • Implemented SharePoint permissions and groups.  • Team Leader for the upgrade of SharePoint to foundations and Responsibility Assignment Matrix (RACI) Team.  • Reviewed and updated application and infrastructure documents.  • Reviewed and updated application and infrastructure disaster recovery plan. Senior IT Project Manager Florida Department of Environmental Protection - Tallahassee, FL November 2005 to January 2011 • Projects Managed:  ? Infrastructure Upgrade and Consolidation - Consolidate multiple computer rooms into a single data center running EMC SAN, Network Attached Storage (NAS) and VMware Virtualization with a budget of $2,000,000.  ? Exchange Migration and Upgrade - Upgrade MS Exchange environment from Exchange 2000 to Exchange 2007 with a budget of $500,000.  ? Middle Tier Migration - Upgrade Oracle Middle Tier environment to 11G with a budget of $200,000.  ? VoIP Telephone Upgrade - Install and migrate DEP divisional offices to VoIP.  ? NAS Restructuring - Clean up and restructure files on the NAS,  ? Virtual Desktop Implementation - Setup a VMware virtual desktop environment for use with external contractors with a budget of $100,000.  ? Citrix Upgrade - Upgrade Citrix to XenApp and upgrade the supporting infrastructure to support 800 users with a budget of $75,000.  ? Smaller Projects - Implement Microsoft System Center Operations Manager, Implement Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager, and Microsoft ISA Upgrade.  • Responsible and accountable for the management of multiple projects directly related to infrastructure, application and database modernization.  • Managed overall project schedule composed of multiple contractors and internal staff.  • Built credibility, established rapport, and maintained communication with stakeholders, senior management and end users, including external contractors.  • Prepared purchase request and communicated infrastructure and project needs to senior management.  • Prepared RFQ (Request for Quote) for multiple application and infrastructure projects including Citrix, web server and Middle Tier.  • Presented periodic dashboard reports on the current infrastructure projects to Chief Information Officer.  • Directly supervised three staff, performed annual evaluations and promoted staff development.  • Instrumental in writing legislative budget request for infrastructure consolidation and modernization project.  • Worked with team to write RFQ to purchase infrastructure hardware, software and consulting for large infrastructure project.  • Responsible for infrastructure components including Active Directory, Exchange, Blackberry, VMware and Windows Server.  • Responsible for communication and coordination of infrastructure upgrades and outages to senior management, application owners and end users.  • Service Desk Administrator  • First level support for 3000 users, managed service desk calls, assisted and resolved customer issues.  • Provided direct hardware support for 75 users.  • Wrote online help system for new application project. Insurance Analyst Florida Department of Financial Services - Tallahassee, FL August 2004 to June 2005 • Assisted and resolved customer complaints and questions regarding workers' compensation.  • Assisted insurance companies regarding workers' compensation issues.  • Assisted developers with requirements gathering for a new workers' compensation system. Systems/Service Desk Administrator (Consultant) Johnson & Johnson - Mobile, AL August 2000 to June 2004 • First and second level support for customers regarding desktop and application issues.  • Built relationship with customers and management with regards to desktop assistance and application issues.  • Main intermediary between corporate headquarters and the customers regarding the major infrastructure and desktop upgrade project.  • Troubleshoot and corrected network issues with Cisco switches. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science University of South Alabama - Mobile, AL January 1995 to July 2000 Skills PMP, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, ITIL, CITRIX, VMWARE, Information Technology, Project Management, Scrum Master, Waterfall Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2009 to December 2021 Certified Scrum Master (CSM) March 2012 to Present ITIL Foundations June 2010 to Present Additional Information Training and Skills  ? Project Management - PMP  ? Management  ? Business Analysis  ? Technical Writing  ? Change Management  ? SCRUM  ? ITIL  ? Windows Server 2003, 2008 and 2012  ? Windows 7, 8, 10  ? Microsoft Office  ? Active Directory  ? VMware  ? Communications  ? Microsoft Hyper-V  ? SharePoint  ? Citrix  ? EMC SAN