Program Manager ( IT Security Risk Compliance) Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> (<span class="hl">IT</span> Security Risk Compliance) Program Manager ( IT Security Risk Compliance) - Push County Care • Technical IT Project Manager; PMP certified, Six Sigma. RMF, and Active Secret Clearance with over 19 + years of experience  • Risk Management Certified (RDRP) My practical risk management experience includes risk assessments in the areas of program development life cycle, network vulnerability, HIPAA, MIPPA, CMS, and Compliance. Risk Assessment, NIST-800-53, ISO 27001, &2, SOC-II audit, and CMS C&D audits, multi-platform security, and application and data threat analysis.  • Facilitated projects in Cybersecurity, ServiceNow ITBM. And EGRC. IT Risk. Cloud Security, application development, Cloud storage/VM, Data Migration, Business Intelligence, and Vendor Management.  • Agile, Kanban, and Waterfall methodologies  • Able to manage large project teams and known for high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets  • Excellent communicator, outstanding technical publications/presentation, status updates with executives and their respective teams.    Tools  • EGRC, ServiceNow, LogRhythm, CyberArk, RMF. NIST SP 800-37, IBM InfoSphere, Identity Management, Microsoft Project, MS Project Server, MS Excel (Pivot tables & Macro writing), Primavera, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Prism, Java, SQL, Work Experience Program Manager ( IT Security Risk Compliance) Push County Care - Chicago, IL February 2018 to Present Managing PUSH country Care vendor adoption of SailPoint IAM integration, Vendor compliance tools for HIPAA, SOC-II, and CMS. Led Project team project teams for implementation of, Risk management program, ServiceNow ITBM and EGRC, Action plans for SOC-II and HIPAA. Oversaw all Project managers, and teams' duties relevant to the execution of security, compliance, and projects.  Assessed data security controls both SOC and HIPAA, for the Company, including the planning, design, and implementation of infrastructure security to safeguard ePHI (Electronic Privacy Health Information), enterprise files, Cloud and data elements.  Liaised with departments responsible for administering security software, monitoring functions, and application security across all platforms and networks.  • Led the rollout of SailPoint for IAM  • Led implementation and adoption of EGRC ServiceNow tool development to include HIPAA compliance, MIPPA compliance, SOC-II questionnaires, Assessment dashboards, and vendor rollouts.  • Led the EGRC rollout for vendor Risk management, Vendor RISK assessment questionnaires  • Implemented Authoritative Policy / Standards including writing 22 new security / privacy policies  • Implementing ITSM tool ServiceNow for (1. Incident, 2. Problem, 3. Change, 4. Asset, 5. CMDB, 6. Service Catalog)  • Implementation DLP (DATA LOSS Prevention for Office 365)  • Developed and authored internal audit department Annual Plan. Execute those audits, activities, projects and special services to fulfill Annual Plan commitments.  Contributed to the development of security solutions based on risk balancing, business need, technology availability, and practicality.  Facilitated end-of-audit exit conferences with Corporate and IT executive management.  Performed managerial functions related to the IT Audit staff (mentoring, training & development, performance appraisals, recruiting qualified team members). IT Cyber Security Program Manager AbbVie - Waukegan, IL June 2016 to February 2018 Managing programs / project for all Identity Access Management initiatives for AbbVie | Pharmaceutical Research & Development. IT governance, risk management and compliance (GRC), and the coordination and completion of projects within the Identity Access Management space. This includes, strategic plans for the IAM team, writing and managing the Governance / security and audit policies. Write RFP's, and solicit bids on IT initiatives, builds and maintain working relationships with team members, vendors, and other departments involved in the projects. Prepares weekly status reports, maintain dashboard for upper management.  • Identity Management Program Manager: Responsible for the implementation of Oracle Identity managements, Infrastructure upgrades, firewalls, and as well as the IT Security project life cycle.  ? CyberArk Privileged Account Security Implementation ($3.5 Mil)  ? LogRhythm, Upgrade security information and event management (SIEM) ($1.5 Mil)  ? Integration Abbott Account Merge Project  ? PCYC to AbbVie security integration Project  ? ARS accounts to ServiceNow Migration  ? Secret and restricted data application migration and Security Policy / governance.  • Program lead ServiceNow EGRC, ITBM, tools for Policy, IT governance, risk management and compliance (GRC): Enterprise / Corporate Performance Management. Information Security Policy - Network Security Policy; Management and governance of strategies, goals, -  ? Setup IAM Data Governance Council, to review and audit IAM policy, but also map IAM functions to compliance requirements and in turn audit user access to support compliance reporting. including SOX and HIPAA --,  ? Setup the IAM Steering Committee to address cross team silo's, risk escalations, and to establish communication across multiple BTO's within AbbVie.  ? Wrote the IAM governess policy, establish and implement a cross-institutional  ? Wrote Playbook for IAM Audit and Compliance with adherence to ISO27001  ? Supporting and participating in on-site and remote network and security audits related to ISO27001, and CESG  CAS(T) ISO27001 for effective vulnerability, security event and incident management IT Cyber Security Project Manager Tate and Lyle - Hoffman Estates, IL July 2015 to May 2016 Managing Cyber& Security projects and Cloud Network related projects, and, for Tate and Lyle's global systems. Responsible for customer satisfaction, managing large scale of accounts and projects for the Cyber Security team. Responsible for the SOW, requirements gathering, vendor management, financial planning, and the complete project life cycle.  • Network Security Architectural Redesign Project: Responsible for the Design and implementation of a full Layer-7, threat-intelligence based perimeter security architecture. This is including the oversight, Deploy and configure 16 NextGen firewalls in 4 data centers globally (USA. Europe, Latin America, and Asia). ($4.5 Mil)  • Led Global deployment (13 countries) for SailPoint's Identity Access Management tool: Wrote RFP's, and solicit bids from Vendors, manage Budget, prepares reports for upper management regarding status of project, track all issues and risk, ($6.5 Mil) Senior IT Project Manager Motorola Solutions - Chicago, IL June 2014 to June 2015 Chaired the Switchover from BMC Remedy to ServiceNow's Eureka cloud Service Application. Extensively managed all aspects of the customized development following Gayle's sprint methodology. Phased approach for ServiceNow Modules including CMDB Values Mapping, Data Migration / Mapping Requirements SLA, project scope, project team roles, ITIL Change/Release Management, UAT, Training, status reports, and risk contingency.    Key accomplishments:  • Led ServiceNow global deployments This was a business transformation from Legacy help desk application on physical servers to ServiceNow residing on Virtual network globally. Utilizing Infosphere Data Replication platform to merge data stores. This $4.5 million project was completed over 11 months (this included software development, database design, vendor management, and business process changes).  • Led Deployment of Data classification tool (Data At rest) for North America, South America, and Asia.  • Built out global virtual server network with latest Microsoft server management and implemented ServiceNow globally to all centers on a virtual platform. Project broken into logical phased migration to take advantage of the tool early into the migration to assist with ITIL service and change management. Phase 1 included rollout of incident, change, and problem applications. Phase-II included rudimentary Service Catalog, reporting, inbound email actions, reports, and knowledge. Phase 3 introduced surveys, managed documents and development of Service Catalog items, ESR, and Live-Chat. Senior Project Cyber Security DoD - Washington, DC May 2013 to June 2014 • Facilitated a team of IT Risk assessors to conducted DLA J6 TIA (Technical Infrastructure Audit) with FISCAM (Financial information System Control Audit Manual) Audit Readiness  • Performed assessment review for FISCAM control elements including high-level control activities, and detailed control techniques to be used as a baseline for evaluating corresponding entity-wide controls that have been placed in operation by the DLA entity risk executive and risk managers and other entities, as applicable, to manage the risk to financial and finance-related systems.  • Review DIACAP (DoD Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process) to validate system Risk assessment accreditation status (ATO, IATO, IATT, DATO) documented and includes date of issuance and approval signature. Key personnel appointment letters (System Owner, IAM, DAA, CA, and IAO). SIP documentation includes system name, number, MAC level, system owner, DAA, and confidentiality level (CL). DIP or evidence of control implementation. Evidence of control testing / validation. Assess Security POA&Ms, CAT I or serious open issues that might prevent issuance of an ATO, review DIACAP Scorecard documented and includes verify system name, MAC and CL, accreditation status, system owner, and DAA and Interconnection approvals are appropriate.  • Performed FISCAM test of design controls assessment review for DLA Order Fulfillment inbound and outbound Interfaces. Senior Project Manager Caterpillar, Inc - Mossville, IL August 2010 to May 2013 Project manager responsible for both data project and vendor oversight through data analysis, forecasting and change-point detection. Also managed the vendors and the risk associated to supply network. Managed enterprise project using investigative tools to design projects with the greatest impact to needs of the enterprise. Led team to conduct deep dive analysis of enterprise and supply chain data, conduct experiments, use DOE to identify the process conditions and product components that effect quality, and then determine the factor settings the optimize results. Analytics also provided analysis assistance to design high-profile enterprise-wide projects such as Strategic Improvement Projects.    Key outcomes from Data Analytics:  • Project Lead on the demand variation reduction and solution implementation ($10 Million savings over 3 years)  • VMI (Virtual Managed Inventory Project): Led implementation of SAP ERP replacement of legacy ERP. (Savings of $5Million in the first year)  • Completed 18 Detailed Capacity Models for failing suppliers and modeled process  • Managed 130 Vendors globally, assisted with recovery and consolidations through modeling, recovery plans, and on-site analysis  • Risk Modeling and Analysis for projects using @ Risk to build models and complete analysis  • Responsible crisis management and contingency plans and strategies. Responsible to devise detailed plans, steps for all infrastructure projects with detailed contingencies Senior IT Project Manager AT&T - Chicago, IL March 2004 to August 2010 Successfully implemented multi-million-dollar Gateway projects in Big Data, Infrastructure data center moves, future growth initiative within the Network Planning and Engineering PMO. Chaired over $100 Million for AT&T's Datacom networks, Leapstone fiber integrations, Management of BI projects for various departments in the company - including marketing, finance, technology and customer service.  • Project management LeapStone Fiber integration for the Midwest region. ordering project ($13.5 Million); The SDP portion (Leapstone and IBM components) acts as a service broker between the OSS/BSS Functions layer and the IPTV, VoIP and the HSIA services platforms, simplifying the complexity in the OSS/BSS layer by providing an integrated and consolidated method for service ordering, provisioning and activation.  • Data Center relocation from Hoffman Estates to San Antonio TX ($ 18.9 million) the scope included installing new network switches and other infrastructure equipment. Installing a replacement mainframe from IBM. high-volume printers, and 500 servers and related network equipment the Fortress building to Datacom center. Phase I and Phase-II fiber network was installed. Network migrations adhering to the Information Technology Unified Process (ITUP). The successful move, planning included, physical servers, database application, tables, customer software app's, and teams of developers, network engineers, DBA's, and system integration teams over 1 years  • Crisis management for the 13 State Network surveillance Group. Design the bi-monthly disaster recovery exercises for all 13 states, documented, and receive by government Education Supply Chain Management DePaul University 2010 Bachelors of Computer Science in Computer Science Northwestern University 1997