IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Information Systems Professional specializing in ERP Implementation and Project Management Grand Haven, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager Porter Corp March 2017 to April 2019 Responsibilities:  • Manage IT department staff, reviews, workloads and projects.  • Manage and coordinate multiple IT department projects including software/hardware implementations and upgrades.  • Manage direction of business system "footprint" including integrations and development.  • Manage vendor relationships, including outsourced Managed Services contract for servers and network.  • Assure strategies and policies were in place and adhered to for system security and backups  • Manage IT Department Budget.  • Develop BAQ's, Dashboards and Customization in Epicor.  • Work with Business on department initiatives and continuous improvements to help teams efficiently utilize the Epicor Business System. Business Analyst/ IT Project Manager & Business System Administrator Porter Corp February 2012 to March 2017 Responsibilities:  • Managed a budget of $1 million to take this organization from very manual processes to a fully automated and integrated business solution that would enable scalability and corporate growth.  • Wrote and executed a detailed Project Plan for all Phases of this project.  • Requirements Gathering sessions with departments and divisions and managed the RFQ process with vendors.  • Managed the Software Selection process from vendor interviews, software demonstrations through the final Selection Matrix and decision process.  • Formed the implementation team and conducted in-house training as well as organized consultant-led sessions.  • Business Process Mapping, Gap Analysis and design of To Be Process  • Data configuration and Master Data setup  • Managed Project scope, risk and reported weekly on project status to corporate leadership team.  Notable accomplishments:  • Successfully implemented Epicor 10.0.700.3 which included a full ERP system plus Data Collection, label printing and a Custom ProCad PLM integration with SolidWorks for the transfer of our BOM to the ERP system. DBA First Source Roofing & More Alexa Home, Inc June 2012 to December 2012 Business Manager  Responsibilities included:  • Software and information systems expertise.  • Business Process improvement expertise.  • Weekly processing of Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable.  • Bi-weekly processing of Employee Payroll using the Paycor system.  • Providing financial analysis and reporting.  • Some Human Resource activities.  Notable accomplishments:  • By coordinating the efforts of the teams in Dayton, Ohio and the Louisville, Kentucky offices, was able to help achieve a significant reduction in the Accounts Receivable Aging balance from approximately $120,000 to $29,000.00. Application Specialist/Deployment Manager Innovative Software Solutions July 2007 to June 2012 ISS is a software development company that is a leader in creating software for the Greenhouse Production Industry.  Responsibilities included:  • Managing multiple New Customer Deployments utilizing Project Management methodology to identify, manage and execute tasks, resources and timelines required to bring new customers onto PICAS software.  • Assisted customers in cleansing and converting data from their legacy systems for import into the PICAS database.  • Coordinated the efforts of technical teams, vendors and end users to deploy and test Pay by Scan/Consignment, Clarity Replenishment Tool, FedEx/UPS integration, Vendor/Broker Integrations and Data Collection.  • Utilized highly developed interpersonal and communication skills to build and solidify a strong relationship with new customers to gain an understanding of their business and internal processes and to assist them in making the transition to managing their business using PICAS software.  • Responsible for defining and writing training documentation.  • Conducted web-based and on-site training sessions for new and existing customers on various elements of the software.  • Application Specialist supporting PICAS production software.  Notable accomplishments:  • As Lead Project Manager, successfully managed and deployed multiple customer accounts from inception to go-live with PICAS software including various add-on modules and integrations.  • Heavily involved in driving an on-line documentation initiative for the PICAS software. Team Lead/ Project Manager - SAP Implementation Project Johnson Controls - Holland, MI 1999 to 2007 Global implementation of SAP Purchasing and Financials integrated with MFG/Pro manufacturing functionality deployed in over 150 plants across North America, Mexico and Europe.  Responsibilities included:  • Project Manager specializing in the order-to-cash business processes and interfaces, particularly self-billing, EDI 820's, cash application and invoicing.  • Directed cross-functional team to drive process improvements during project stabilization phase.  • Project Manager directing activities of the order-to-cash data conversion team.  • Track record of hitting aggressive data conversion milestones on time and accurately.  • Outstanding leadership abilities, able to coordinate and direct all phases of the conversion process to successful conclusion while managing, motivating and leading a high-performance team.  • Defined, implemented and trained conversion team on process for all order-to-cash data conversion objects.  Systems Analyst  • Mfg/Pro, Distribution/Manufacturing/Financial.  • Provided technical support of multiple EDI transactions including 830, 862, 856, 846, 810 and 820.  • Project Management  ? IT project manager for ISupply, vendor visualization tool, Procard software upgrade, coordinated planned outages for maintenance and code upgrades. Education Masters of Science in Information Systems Management Ferris State University - Big Rapids, MI 1999 Skills Crm, Epicor, Erp, Mfg/pro, Sap R3, Data collection, Ms access, Ms project, SSRS Report Writing, Edi, Integration, Procad, Purchasing, Excel, Vendor Management, IT Management, Vmware, Strategic Planning Additional Information Information Systems Professional with IT Project Management experience launching, implementing and supporting complex ERP and other software systems in a global manufacturing environment. Excel in managing diverse, cross-functional teams to deliver technology solutions driven by internal and external customer requirements.    TECHNICAL SKILLS:  • Epicor ERP v10.2.0.10, v10.700.3, CRM, Sales and Distribution, Purchasing, Finance and Manufacturing with ProCad custom PLM integration, Data Collection and Label Printing  • Epicor Business Activity Query (BAQ) tool  • Advanced Dashboard Development, including updateable dashboards  • Epicor ICE Development tool for Customizations  • Familiar with SSRS report writing tool  • Familiar with Salesforce and Salesforce Community Cloud  • MFG/PRO v8.5, v9.0 and veB2 Financial, Distribution, and Manufacturing, EDI  • SAP R/3, SD (Sales & Distribution) and FI (Finance)  • PICAS ERP Greenhouse Production Software  • Quickbooks, Account Edge Pro for Macintosh  • Office 365, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Query, MS Project, MS Access, MS Outlook  • Windows Scheduled Events