Consultant Consultant Consultant - METRO-STRATEGIES Colleyville, TX Senior Leader with demonstrated experience leading and directing enterprise wide projects from initial concept, development, through implementation. Proven integrator and analytical thinker with a unique blend of experience in project management, application development, product management, and technical sales. Ability for recognizing opportunities with problem solving, business strategy, process flow, organizational and communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant METRO-STRATEGIES - Colleyville, TX February 2019 to Present Provide project management consulting services on small to medium (short term) initiates.  • Experienced leadership to help drive high-priority projects to successful completion.  • Helping small organizations implement solutions that are both effective and cost efficient.  • Expertise to mentor personal through the process of defining, and adopting, a more structured approach. Senior IT Project Manager RANGE RESOURCES CORPORATION - Fort Worth, TX October 2012 to February 2019 Senior IT Project Manager  Led Project Management initiatives, directing projects throughout their life cycle, defining project objectives, aligning project resources to achieve goals and ensuring established timelines are met.  • Drove the initial review to identify and gathers documents for business and functional requirements. Maintained an in-depth knowledge of business operations and understood the technical scope and objectives of the project.  • Provided leadership in analyzing functional requirements, procedures and problems to automate processing and/or improve systems.  • Defined detailed description of user needs, program functions and steps required to develop or modify systems.  • Developed current and future state flow diagrams.  • Coordinated with Business Partners, Technical Analysts and Developers to identify and define specifications, indicate areas of system impact and continuously communicate project status and needs.  • Followed Software Development Life Cycle policies and procedures.  • Developed, analyzed and managed project schedules and appropriate project management documentation.  • Provided leadership throughout the project development process to ensure that it meets stated requirements.  • Managed change control processes and ensured program/ project communications.  • Negotiated project plans, time frames, and trade-off with Business Partners, and apprises management of impact to project.  • Executed/Validated Test Cases for projects on a pre and postproduction basis to ensure all requirements are fulfilled.  • Coordinated testing of enhancements and developed educational tools and materials.  • Planned, allocated and scheduled resources as required.  • Assisted in development of training for project team members.  • Mentored BA's.  • Fostered strong team environment.    Manager, Application Development  Managed a team of developers and consultants to build a SQL Server based BI Data Warehouse incorporating data from Accounting (Horizon), Operations (IHS, Cygnet SCADA, AFEMS, WellView, SiteView, RigView), GIS (ESRI) and Land (Horizon Land).  • Responsible for the overall health and performance of the IT business applications and systems.  • Oversaw Implementation, utilization, maintenance and second tier user support for information technology applications.  • Coordinated with vendors who support applications to perform updates, managed projects and engaged advanced support when needed.  • Coordinated with third party IT support group to ensure priorities and environment quality was maintained.  • Worked with all departments and end-users to integrate needs, provide training and provide second level of support.  • Communicated regularly with the leadership team concerning project status and timelines.  • Designed, developed and managed complex reports  • Collaborated with users in identifying business process requirements and recommend solutions  • Facilitated testing, implementation, user-documentation and training  • Supported business users through data collecting, reporting, analysis and related projects. Project Manager EXCO RESOURCES - Dallas, TX February 2010 to October 2012 Managed high visibility projects for company rollout. projects included: SharePoint 2010 implementation, enterprise data management and integration projects involving WellView, RigView, Petra, Aries, Excalibur, ProCount, and ArcGIS.  • Identified areas of Improvement and collaborated to create Project Charters and Project Plans.  • Managed Projects from inception through delivery and support.  • Ensured Projects were on tasks and within budget. Principal, Product Manager SABRE TRAVEL INFORMATION NETWORK - Southlake, TX January 2006 to January 2009 Managed development and delivery of primary desktop point-of-sale tool MySabretm for the Sabre Travel Network.  • Coordinated all global development with teams within Krakow Poland, Mumbai India, London England, and Montevideo Uruguay. These teams delivered twenty-three product enhancements within quarterly releases over a twelve-month period.  • Managed the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities; Owned the product and develop the product vision and roadmap.  • Specified market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by ongoing visits to customers and non-customers as well as sales, support, and services.  • Drove the solution set across multiple teams including development and quality assurance.  • Wrote and managed the Agile Scrum Epics and Stories.  • Developed and maintained the product delivery plan and calendar based on product requirements, application expertise, and knowledge of Development resources and constraints.  • Monitored product adoption and customer satisfaction and pro-actively took actions to bolster and improve both.    Resume  • Developed and implemented a go-to-market plan, working with all departments to execute.  • Managed the consolidation of deliverables, in addition to the product delivery plan. Deliverables include the software, documentation, beta program, and training materials. Education Bachelor of Arts Stephen F. Austin State University - Nacogdoches, TX Skills Project planning and Execution (10+ years), Oracle (5 years), SQL (8 years), Project Management (10+ years), IT Stratedgy and Management (10+ years), Fisical Oversight and Budgetary Management (10+ years), Process and Proceedure Improvement (10+ years), Integration (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Application Development (5 years), Risk Assessment and Impact Analysis (10+ years), Analytics (5 years), Data Warehousing (6 years), Governance (5 years), Training & Development (10+ years), Technical Writing (10+ years), Agile, Waterfall, Sharepoint (8 years), Sharepoint Designer (5 years), Program Management (10+ years), Product Management (5 years), SQL Server (5 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Project (10+ years), JIRA (3 years), Visiual Studios (8 years), PowerBI (3 years), Spotfire (6 years), Tableau (3 years), Powerpoint (10+ years), Java (5 years), Javascript (5 years), Linux (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/GregoryGJones Certifications/Licenses PMC - Pragmatic Management Certified June 2007 to Present COBIT 5 (GRC) June 2019 to Present ITIL v3 (ITSM) July 2019 to Present PSM - Agile Scrum Master July 2019 to Present LSSSGB - Lean Six Sigma Green Belt July 2019 to Present