IT Project Manager / Scrum Master <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Scrum Master IT Project Manager / Scrum Master - Auto Car Houston, TX Work Authorization: I am authorized to work in the US for any employer on W2.  Dynamic IT professional with around 15 years of dependable expertise in Project Management, Business Analysis, Talent Acquisition & Customer Service. Having worked across multiple domains like the Automotive, Retail, Banking, Human Resources, Vendor Management & Service Delivery, I have adopted various managerial techniques and worked in methodologies like the Agile (Kanban & Scrum), Waterfall, etc in the areas of Project Planning, Analysis & Documentation, Project Delivery, Legacy to Active Conversions, Web Applications, Web Services, Data Migrations & Integrations etc. and successfully executed multiple small & large projects and assignments in the roles of a Business Analyst, Scrum Master & Project Manager. Proven business acumen in the areas of Information Technology ( IT), Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP).  Key Professional Skills  Highly self-motivated, people management, result & detail oriented, problem solving, process implementation & transitioning, trouble shooting, communication & analytical skills, people winning personality skills, strategic approach, empirical learning, Integrity, etc.  Professional Experience  • Certified Professional Scrum Master (PSM) with experience in managing Scrum teams and sprints.  • Experienced in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) including project initiation,  planning, requirements gathering, designing, developing, testing, Implementation and support in software  engineering methodologies like Waterfall & Agile (Kanban & Scrum).  • Understands organization structure, practices, culture, constraints and solve business problems by acting  as a bridge between the business and technology  • Collaborated with multiple teams to ensure that strategic goals and business initiatives were understood  and successfully implemented.  • Worked with cross-functional teams to allocate right resources and build knowledge sharing within.  • Handled diverse teams & resources to ensure successful project deliveries and worked with different  levels of professionals across organizations.  • Coordinating with the PMO for Project Procurement, Business Resource Assignment.  • Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  • Strong understanding and application of quality and risk management principles. Build rapport and  relationships quickly. Excellent team building skills.  • Strong multi-tasking and attention to detail. Ability to influence and build consensus, excellent financial  and project analysis and management. Clear, concise, comprehensive written/verbal communication  • Consistently utilizing a proactive approach to recognize and analyze problems and to develop timely,  practical and cost-effective solutions.  • Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise project team members and contractors, and influence them to  take positive action and accountability for their assigned work.  • Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project. Develop best  practices and tools for project execution and management.  • Trained team members to ensure that the Scrum method is used as intended, while striving for  continuous improvement.  • Avid team player with strong leadership experience, excellent communication skills and a talent to  interact with all levels of a team.    • Participate in client discussions to gather scope information and perform analysis of scope information to provide inputs for project scoping documents.  • Experienced in Onsite - Offshore delivery models with excellent co-ordination with team, senior management, clients and stake holders.  • Provided high level project plans and mile stones to executive management.  • Facilitated meetings with required Stakeholders, SME’s, External Clients, Executives, Sponsors, etc. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager / Scrum Master Auto Car - Houston, TX March 2016 to Present Worked on multiple projects like Equity Mining, Desking, Inventory, Report Builder, Internet Lead Management,  CRM and Call Center application which included Web Applications, Data & 3rd party Integrations, APIs, Vendor  Migrations and OEM Certifications.    • Lead the project team from Project Initiation phase to Project Closure by maintaining the quality of the product without impacting the timelines agreed upon.  • Review project vision and scope of work documents with Product Owner and Stakeholders to get in-depth  understanding of the project, deadlines, budget, competition & value to the organization.  • Cascade the project scope to business analysts to elicit and gather detailed requirements, write user  stories & acceptance criteria and document business rules, use cases and wireframes.  • Once the detailed requirements are approved by the stakeholders, I meet with design engineers to come up with high fidelity prototypes based on company standards and requirements.  • Prioritize tasks for the upcoming sprint with product owner's inputs and conduct backlog refinement  (grooming) with the scrum team to get estimates and story points/ hours.  • Conducted Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum Stand-ups, Sprint Review and Sprint Retrospective meetings and work closely with Product Owner to brief the progress and negotiate tasks as needed.  • Measured project performance and tracked burndown charts and raised flag when the graph seems off the track.  • Ensure appropriate project deliverables are produced and accepted after sign-off by Customer and the  Project Sponsors.  • Manage and build relationships with multiple complex clients and major stakeholders.  • Reported and escalated risks and issues as needed for overall project health.  • Conducted incremental product demonstration for product owner and other external clients.  • Subject Matter Expert for car incentives which is complex to understand.  • Shadow and assist some of the Product Owner activities by providing high level estimates, prioritizing  stories for the sprint and maintaining backlogs and release plans.  • Monitor the Sprint board and Burndown chart using JIRA to alert the team when graphs are off tracked.  • Conducted data analysis while migrating to new vendors and endured the data is accurate and consistent.  • Helped the delivery team in researching the cause of the issues and in UAT testing when deadlines were  close.  • Encouraged swarming technique during the last phase of the sprint to build cross functioning and team  rapport. Lead Business Analyst / IT Project Manager (Consulting) Houston, TX October 2013 to February 2016 Worked on building the Commissions Application, which will calculate and pay the Sales Associates commissions  earned for those who qualify and create the Accounting accrual file. It was also used for predictive analytics for  Salesman Expense and Historical Modeling Compensation Plans. Transformation of data from Microsoft Dynamics Business Analyst (Consulting) Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC April 2011 to August 2013 Worked on Multiple projects on either the upgrade of existing application or on the merger of Wachovia and Wells  Fargo applications. Conversion from Automated Clearing House (ACH) to Treasure Risk Exposure (TRE). Customer  Information View (CIV) is the call center applications that the phone bankers use. The effort involved working on multiple projects at a time having variety of needs for them, ranging from upgrades to assimilation of technology.    • Gather requirements from Business Users and Stake Holders and was liaison between the Business & Technology in Waterfall Methodology  • Worked extensively with the users and with different levels of management to identify requirements, use  cases and to develop functional specifications  • Created Use-Cases and Business Use-Case Model after accessing the status and scope of the project and understanding the business processes  • Created requirements analysis and design phase artifacts to create Use cases, Activity and Sequence  diagrams  • Used the change management from rational to track changes to multiple artifacts by versioning artifacts,  associating requirements specific change requests to streamline the defect/change tracking process  • Worked extensively on Wireframes and Prototypes to get approvals for UI of the system under development. This was done to provide end users with the look and feel before final delivery  • Acted as a Scribe and as a Facilitator in meetings  • Involved in creating, updating and reviewing Functional Requirement specifications, User Acceptance Test  Cases which improved quality of deliverables and enhanced traceability of CRs  • Generated flow diagrams for various processes and functionalities used in Cash Management Module  • Worked with Onshore & Offshore model with team in India.  • Used SharePoint to upload all the business documents and for maintaining libraries, surveys and discussions and used project management tools like MS Project for status reporting and planning  • Used SQL queries to manipulate the data in the database and generate reports to help the business users for their daily activities  • Coordinated between test team, development and business team in clarifying the functionality issue and requirement specification Assistant Manager - Campus Relations Microsoft IDC - IN May 2010 to February 2011 Planned & executed campus and off-campus hiring for India Development Center. Extensively hired for SDET / SDE  / PM / UX Design Roles. Managed internship program. Collaborated with business partners for planning and executing complete hiring process. Managed complete interactions and building relationships with the key  stakeholders at premium institutions. Worked with assessment partners for managing the evaluation process. Manager - Recruitments Versatile Solutions - IN December 2007 to April 2010 I was responsible for sales and marketing of our IT consultants on different IT domain skill sets who were on H1b  visas, EAD, Green Cards. Was also responsible for screening, scheduling, interviewing, vendor management &  coordinating to bring in new job requirements from US clients. Assistant Manager - Operations MeritTrac Services - IN December 2003 to December 2007 I was responsible for starting MeritTrac A.P. Branch Office and heading branch operations along with building a  strong team of 110 Event Coordinators and 10 English Evaluators. Independently handled varied HR hiring  practices like AD Walk-ins, Job Fairs, Campus Recruitments, Online Examinations, Consultant drives & Scheduled  events for Freshers, Interns and Laterals. Managed various assessment recruitment drives for Microsoft, Google,  Accenture, Cognizant, CA, Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education, Wipro, Adobe, SAP, Bank of America,  DELL, IBM, Convergys and Virtuza.    Environments: MS Office Suite (Excel, Word, Power Point), MS Access Vizio, Snagit, Visual Studio, Selenium, Team  Foundation Server (TFS), Tableau, Wrike, MS SQL Server, HTML, XML, JSON, SOAP, REST, C#, VB, MVC, Adobe XD,  GIT HUB, Fogbugs, Help Desk Authority, JIRA, Atlassian Suite, Confluence, Portfolio, WebEx, Jabber, Teams, Go to  Meeting, Skype, SharePoint, etc. Education None Skills Scrum Master, SDLC, PM, Waterfall