Project Manager, Fabric Management Switch Migrations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Fabric Management Switch Migrations IT Project Manager Broken Arrow, OK Work Experience Project Manager, Fabric Management Switch Migrations Verizon 2015 to 2018 Directed a $10M fiber switch upgrade and migration for 5 data centers, assigning team tasks, tracking deliverables, coordinating change management, and reporting project status to key stakeholders and executives. Managed multiple internal and external cross-functional teams.  Key Achievements:  * Completed all projects ahead of designated timelines and under budget.  * Created and implemented a Project Management group documents repository, migrating 200+ documents from SharePoint to Google Docs. IT Services Project Manager Verizon 2012 to 2018 Led all IT Cloud Services project management, determining project scope for all hardware and software upgrades and installs, VMware build-outs, data center consolidation initiatives, fabric management migrations, and SAN storage migrations. Tracked projects and presented status updates to senior leadership team. Coordinated 15 to 30 concurrent projects. Managed the Statement of Work (SOW) process with vendors.  Key Achievements:  * Delivered a $1M fabric switch refresh/migration effort migrating 100K physical and virtual servers.  * Recipient of the Verizon Trail Blazer award, received by top 2% of employees.  * Appointed Group Lead, base lining large-scale projects, creating a workable process, and leading projects to completion. Project Manager, SAN Switch Migrations Verizon 2013 to 2015 Managed onsite data center team, application teams, and database teams to recover complete systems outages during server relocations. Prepared schedules, coordinated change management, and bridged activities for each migration. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify, develop, and manage mitigation plans.  Key Achievement:  * Achieved no unplanned outages during 3K+ server moves to new SAN storage. Data Center Hardware Engineer Verizon 1997 to 2012 Executed hardware installs and maintenance for 30,000 square feet of raised floor data center. Coordinated all data center inventory. Managed power for 14 data center PDUs and battery backup units. Negotiated with vendors for all hardware change management activities.  Key Achievement:  * Sourced all floor space, power, and network needs for new hardware installs. Education High school or equivalent Skills Migrations, Pmo, Large-scale, Sharepoint, Storage area network, Scrum Master, PM, Information Technology Links http://linkedin.com/in/christopher-l-fields-project-manager Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE  • Dynamic history managing both small- and large-scale projects, programs, and migrations from scope, budget, and schedule development through risk, quality, and resource management.  • Strong track record of executing stakeholder management and influence, collaborating with business leads, managing deadlines, understanding and articulating priorities, architecting solutions, and delivering results.  • Excellent communicator with high technical acumen and the innate ability to seamlessly manage global project teams for large-scale migrations.  TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Hardware:  Data Cabling, Switches & Routers, WAP (Wireless Access Points), IDFs (Intermediate Distribution Frame), MDF (Main Distribution Frame), SAN (Storage Area Network) Switches, Fabric Switches    Software:  Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Skype, Project, SharePoint, Visio), Microsoft Operating Systems, Linux Red Hat, Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection for Windows    Core:  Project Management, Cross-Functional Team Leading, Resource Management, Network Infrastructure, Operational Process Improvements, IT Strategies, PMO Process Implementations, Vendor Management, Agile Methodologies