Domain Project Manager Domain <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Domain Project Manager - Nissan North America Antioch, TN Work Experience Domain Project Manager Nissan North America - Franklin, TN 2011 to Present Manage brand media integration with internal network sites to project and increase brand presence on the Internet.  Assist development of ecommerce websites aimed at offering automobiles pricing and configuration options to Nissan and corporate allies. Design and implement advanced web services for transmitting data to vendors with enhanced  security through internet and cloud technology. Managed overall vendor data center migration from legacy  infrastructure to cutting-edge infrastructure. Maintained effective knowledge of financial data flow from Xign / Taulia  into SAP and Clarity to offer technical assistance for tracking, integrating, and improving financial processes and operations into different projects. Assisted cross functional teams with performing day-to-day activities to strengthen  professional rapport with vendor partners.  • Played a key role in cloud infrastructure development for hosting overall Nissan's consumer websites.  • Orchestrated the procedural creation, scheduling, and reporting of numerous programs/ projects related to portfolio management for streamlining portfolio improvement processes.  • Accomplished parallel management of multiple vendors through an outsource model with at least three vendor  groups in every project.  • Managed critical business promotions worth multi millions ensuring top notch brand visibility. CEO Cagney Cleaners LLC - Antioch, TN 2010 to 2015 Directed end-to-end organizational procedures, including consumer facing systems, media buys, digital media, and day- to-day operations. Managed media buys by negotiating with media sales companies to obtain the best rates and most  appropriate media spaces in online, broadcast, and print advertising. Oversee the development, production, and review  P a g e 2    of site's content, videos, and blog posts in close collaboration with copywriters, photographers, and web designers.  Monitored weekly payroll and HR functions for company. Administered company's HR functions, including labor law  compliance, recruiting team members, staff training and development, and strengthening employee relations.  • Increased employee number from one to 15 by implementing organizational business growth strategy.  • Implemented advanced ecommerce client scheduling and automated client workflow management. Senior Global Project Manager Cummins - Nashville, TN 2011 to 2011 Communicated and instructed organizational procedures and project deliverables to departments. Provided  interdepartmental assistance related to application hosting, operations, WMS, Oracle, EDW, and Master Data  Management. Collaborated with all key stakeholders such as department directors, managers, supervisors, and vendors for identifying, discussing, and resolving issues in a timely manner. Evaluated project feasibility and requirements  through analysis of business and systems proposal.  • Managed IT operations, including designing, testing, and implementing various international Regional  Distribution Centers in North America, Mexico, and Brazil.  • Played a key role in effective decision-making regarding acquisition, development, and administration of staff. Service Delivery Readiness Program Manager Dell, Inc - Nashville, TN 2011 to 2011 Deployed HP Service Manger to transform two, 150-agents level one call centers from third-party solution to Dell hosted  solution for Boeing. Innovated call centers' systems for providing optimal availability L1 solution handling 120K calls per  month related to travel, telephony, computer hardware, and software support. Functioned as a subject matter expert for hiring, training, and developing work force as well as analyzing client's current operations and assisting future design of  system. Identified roles and security access requirements to carry out the duties. Identified training needs and conducted  training sessions matching requirements of role. Assisted with the physical setup of call center within Dell space  including, networking, cubicles, phone, headsets, badges, and computer equipment.  • On boarded over 300 new agents at one time by automating on boarding operation and creating new recursive  processes. IT Manager OHL, Inc - Brentwood, TN 2006 to 2010 Directed functional operations of Global Service Desk with 20 direct reports in 6 regional offices for delivering exceptional  Help Desk, Regional IT Local, and Level 2 Desktop support to North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia users.  Formulated and implemented policies and regulations related to Active Directory, Messaging, Service Level  Management, Customer Request Management, & Problem Management. Steered the processing of 8K tickets through email, phone, and system alerts on monthly basis to resolve and escalate the issues. Led IT operations during times during  system failure.  • Accomplished diverse projects, including SharePoint/Content Management, Incident Administration, Task  Management, Resource Administration, and warehouse/ IT implementation within two years.  Additional Experience as CEO/Operator for TIE-MART, Director Infrastructure Systems Coordination for HCA Inc., Senior Systems Engineer for ILC Dover, Inc., Systems Engineer for Delaware State University, Systems Engineer for  ComputerLand Inc., Senior Systems Engineer for Bridgestone, Inc. Education High school or equivalent Links http://LinkedIn.com/in/jimgpayne Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Obtained in 2003. Not renewed subsequently.