Director of IT Director of <span class="hl">IT</span> IT Director Huntington Beach, CA Seeking an IT leadership position where I will become an integral, lasting part of the organization using my strengths in team/ project management, innovation and customer care through process improvement, communication and integrity. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Director of IT SOUTHERN COUNTIES EXPRESS - Rancho Dominguez, CA 2015 to Present • Manage team responsible for all IT services at 5 locations including network and database administration, server and terminal services, application development, EDI, and support services.  • Establish & oversee development of TMS system, customer portals, dashboard metrics and EDI connectors.  • Expand company infrastructure from 1 location to 5.  • Develop policies and procedures to ensure "Best in Class" results. Manager of Application Support, EDI, Development DAMCO DISTRIBUTION SERVICES - South Gate, CA 2014 to 2015 South Gate, CA 2014 - 2015  Maersk Group's North America 3PL provider of customized freight forwarding and supply chain solutions.  Manager of Application Support, EDI, Development  • Managed multi-site Help Desk supporting internal/external customers using our TMS, YMS and WMS.  • Managed in-house/offshore EDI team supporting 200+ trade partners using OpenText/GXS B2B Integration Services.  • Managed the .NET Application Development team in US and Canada.  • Migrated large reporting application for Wal-Mart to the cloud (AWS) for increased system uptime & performance. EDI Project Manager VANGUARD LOGISTICS SERVICES - Long Beach, CA 2006 to 2014 • Subject matter expert on EDI mapping for ANSI X12, EDIFACT, JSON and XML (including schema design).  • Implemented EDI with 200+ trade partners worldwide.  • Project manager for B2B integration, application design, development and support.  • Executive reporting, team and user training, customer and vendor relations. Owner HELP CENTRAL - Huntington Beach, CA 2003 to 2010 IT consultant providing computer support for small businesses and residences. IT Support Center Manager EDWARDS LIFESCIENCES - Irvine, CA 1998 to 2003 Irvine, CA 1998 - 2003  Previously the Cardiovascular Division of Baxter International Inc., now the global leader in the science of heart valves and hemodynamic monitoring.  IT Support Center Manager  • Transitioned the local help desk into the corporate IT Support Center.  • Delivered world-class first and second level support, equipment break-fix and deployment.  • Established IT policies regarding computer usage and administration, electronic media and network security.  • Improved all SLA's by identifying strengths, redefining responsibilities, mentoring, and exercising performance plans.  • Streamlined the PC refresh process including deployment of 150+ laptops during offsite sales meetings.  • Started as Business System Analyst leading VB developers of Sales and Marketing app to in-house and remote users. Project Manager DATAWORKS, INC - Irvine, CA 1995 to 1998 • Led projects to customize the MANFACT II ERP software to meet the unique needs of manufacturing customers.  • Responsible for all phases of SDLC having served as business analyst, developer, QA and support services.  • Specialized in integrating custom requirements into new software releases.  • Recovered troubled accounts through personalized attention, tailored project plans and honoring commitments.  ? Orange Coast College, CA - Computer Science Education High school or equivalent Skills Customer Service (10+ years), Exchange (10+ years), Network Administration (10+ years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Management (10+ years), Call Center Management (10+ years), Application Development (10+ years), EDI (10+ years), Consulting (10+ years), Team Building (10+ years), Process Improvement (10+ years), Documentation (10+ years), Windows Server (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Strategic Planning (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Programming (10+ years), Active Directory, IT Management, Active Directory (10+ years), Wireless (10+ years), Hardware (10+ years), VoIP, Excel Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/jeffpatstone Assessments Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/xdk7gy0wy52wyvbb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.