Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager - (contract) Chicago, IL Results driven project management professional with a unique combination of business and systems experience in Marketing & Ecommerce Operations, Technology, Retail, Pharma & Data Management; Recognized for effectively fostering strong working relationships with executive leadership, business owners, product manager, technology and third-party vendors, while maintaining transparency and alignment, also keeping everyone focused and on track. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager McDonald's - Chicago, IL January 2019 to Present Sr. IT Project Manager - (contract) Redbox Automated Retail, LLC - Oakbrook Terrace, IL February 2018 to December 2018 Key strength includes working with executive leadership, business owners, product managers and technology, to insure alignment, and keep everyone focused and on track for a successful delivery redesigned mobile application  ? Recognized for managing cross-functional teams and multiple vendors, successfully delivering a project that introduced 4K digital media for rental to multiple markets  ? Successfully managed and delivered the first cloud based technology project at Redbox (RBX) -Data management and reporting- increasing the collection of data from 8K to 42K retail kiosk  ? Credited for identifying / including appropriate stakeholders during the planning process, creating and issuing clear / concise communications, and maintaining strict oversight of development and execution to insure on-time delivery.  ? Recognized for successfully, planning and managing the development of complex personalization & content recommendation project, that utilized cloud based technology (Amazon Web Services), for mobile, web, retail kiosk, and email channels.  ? Developed process roadmaps, sprint and project plans, partnered with BSA (business system analyst), product and technology to insure an understanding of the expected project flow  ? Day to day management includes, facilitating meetings, risk / issues management, escalation, sprint planning, removing bottle necks, communications, and managing the projects progression IT Project Manager - Consultant, Pharmacy closerlook, Inc - Chicago, IL December 2017 to January 2018 Developed project plans and provided recommendations to optimize the agency's working relationship with a third party technology partners-  ? Developed project plans to manage the launch of four pharmaceutical brand websites, and updates to existing brands, all directed to a central hub website working with five technology partners.  ? Identified and recommended a collaborative task management solution (MS teams), to provide the agency with a centralized channel to securely manage / exchange information working with technology partners. IT Project Manager, PMO / Ecommerce Ulta Beauty - Chicago, IL April 2017 to September 2017 Successfully utilized waterfall and Agile processes managing cross-functional teams to develop scope, manage work-flow, communications / updates, execution, defect tracking, change and risk management  ? Lead cross-functional teams in the planning, development and delivery of a Business Intelligence - Demand Reporting project. Developing a UI, that provided ecommerce, merchandising and finance with real-time sales and performance reporting  ? Closely worked with Business Owners, Product Managers, Business Analyst, Development and QA to insure on-time delivery of a solutions aligned with the project requirements  ? Program Manager of multiple delivery-streams; provided ongoing support for the delivery of digital solutions, utilizing Agile, working with DevOps, AppDev, Ecommerce, Analytics (Adobe Omniture), and SEO  ? Developed and implemented processes that created transparency and alignment between business and technology  ? As Scrum Master: Led daily stand-ups, and facilitated planning / grooming sessions Digital Account Manager (contract) YP.com - Chicago, IL December 2016 to February 2017 Key liaison between National Sales Managers and direct clients/media agencies effectively managing the workflow of cross-functional teams, to ensure the quality, accuracy and timely delivery of YP solutions  ? Developed functional requirements documentation for digital projects to ensure final solutions mapped to initial business requirements  ? Educating direct clients and agencies about the suite of products and tools available, developing a strategic vision to customize campaign management and drive product adoption Project Manager (contract) Resilience Partners nfp - Chicago, IL June 2014 to November 2016 Management of front-end web development, design, production and the launch of client and affiliate websites working with off-shore resources.  ? Recognized for successfully delivering digital product launches (from concept to completion), within scope, on time and on budget  ? Updating content using WordPress and also generating and providing reporting using and analysis to measure traffic, optimize site performance and identify trends and opportunities Project Management United Airlines, Inc January 2012 to June 2014 Successfully led cross-functional teams to develop and deliver a centralized campaign management and tracking system; Reduced processing time from 3-weeks to less than 24-hrs  ? Developed, documented, and implemented strategies and processes to managed day-to-day requests, partnering with Business, Marketing, Technology, MP Credit card, Creative, and Production to update web content, functionality and performance, within Content Management System  ? Quickly embraced an understanding of the complex suite technology platforms that supported united.com, to identify and resolve critical issues for digital campaign performance, technology, and reporting  ? Managed staffing, planning, development, trafficking, production, deployment, performance tracking and data analysis of digital campaigns and projects  ? Developed and documented united.com user process guidelines, Google analytic tracking standards, and industry best practices  ? Planned and Managed the integration / upgrade of third-party software, working with external technology partners to enhance united.com functionality and platform performance Marketing Strategy & Product Marketing - Marketing comm. United Airlines January 2008 to December 2011 ? Researched and developed turn-key market and channel strategies and product positioning that introduced On-board menu offerings and "Route launch" programs into new markets.  ? Curated ad content to ensure alignment with customers' planning and travel experience, beginning with: on-line booking, journey through airports, and concluding with options available during the flight. Project Management - Media Sales United Airlines - Chicago, IL February 2004 to December 2007 ? Managed "Non-traditional" multi-channel marketing campaigns utilizing new and repurposed media channels for blue-chip clients; Accenture, Starbucks, Wrigley, Hertz/Avis & Starwood Hotels generating a revenue stream of over $750k annually.  ? Managed the strategic planning & installation of digital signage within all United Clubs within all domestically and international airport locations, generating revenues of $1.2 million annually. Education Certification in Agile / Scrum Scrum Alliance - Chicago, IL November 2017 to December 2017 Certification in Project Management DePaul University - Chicago, IL January 2017 to May 2017 B.S. in Finance And Business Administration Illinois State University - Normal, IL Certification in Data Management & Analytics Illinois Institute of Technology - Chicago, IL Skills PM (10+ years), SDLC (5 years), Scrum Master (4 years), Information Technology (7 years), Project Management (10+ years), CSM (4 years), Waterfall (7 years), Scheduling, Outlook, budget (10+ years), Estimating, Maintenance Links http://linkedin.com/in/gthurmond Additional Information Core Competencies  * Program / Project Management * B.I. / Data Management * Forecasts / Budgets  * Cloud (AWS) Project Management * MS Project / Mavenlink * Change / Risk Management  * Applications Development - SDLC * JIRA / Confluence / Wiki * UX / UI / Pharmacy Governance  * Agile (CSM) / Waterfall & (Hybrid) * TFS / Azure DevOps * Issues / Risk Logs