Java Developer Java Developer Java Developer - Cloud Stewards PROGRAMMER-DEVELOPER/TESTER Work Experience Java Developer Cloud Stewards September 2015 to Present * Designed, documented, implemented, tested, and verified solutions in Java, Python, and C.  * Analyzed algorithmic run time and space complexities. Selected and implemented various algorithms to make  efficient code, including divide and conquer, transform and conquer, dynamic programming, greedy, graph, randomization, and string matching.  * Optimized solution usability, maintainability, efficiency, dependability, reliability, and resilience by observing  various object-oriented design principles like abstraction, encapsulation, interfaces, modularity, generalization, composition, delegation, single responsibility/open-closed/Liskov substitution/interface segregation/dependency  inversion (SOLID), DRY, high cohesion, and weak coupling to optimize solution functionality.  * Created, expressed, rendered, and utilized graphical use case, class, and sequence UML diagrams.  * Implemented various object-oriented design patterns (MVC, Observer, Adapter, Iterator, Façade, Strategy, Composite, etc.).  * Employed test driven development; documented and designed GWT and JUnit tests for regression and complete  coverage testing of given components.  * Performed functional and structural testing to verify code.  * Installed and stood up MySQL Workbench and MySQL server, loaded csv data, designed database, created tables, forward and reversed engineered SQL code.  * ETL through Workbench and DB Forge.  * Participated in continuous integration and automated using Eclipse, Git, Maven, Jira, and Jenkins.  * Stood up and administrated AWS EC2 instances.  * Experience with Java concepts and patterns including: Java/J2EE, JSP, Spring, Sling, JMS, JUnit, MVC, Eclipse, Maven.  * Experience working in projects following Agile methodology  * Able to participate in discussions with clients and team members about technical best practices and help teams  identify optimal technical solutions.  * Able to work in a collaborative team environment and participate in discussions focusing on best practices, user  experience, functional requirements etc. Enterprise IT Infrastructure Support Operations Manager Lowe's Home Improvement - Mooresville, NC October 2010 to September 2016 * Led availability event, incident, and availability management for 700 enterprise IT applications hosted on infrastructure including mainframe, network, and over 10,000 UNIX/Linux, and Microsoft servers.    * Improved ITIL/ITSM quality and efficiency, led event management upgrade, documented business requirements;  created and managed issue/risk plans, procedures, and repositories; developed and executed user training and acceptance test (UAT) plans. Enterprise IT Infrastructure Operations and Project Manager Ford Motor Company - Dearborn, MI January 2002 to March 2009 * Led 24-member UNIX/Linux and WebSphere system administration team. Saved $500K annually and improved customer satisfaction; implemented 6 Sigma application development projects.    * Initiated Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) program to improve customer satisfaction with UNIX/Linux/WebSphere  infrastructure support. Education Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering University of Cincinnati - Cincinnati, OH Skills LINUX, LINUX/UNIX, UNIX, ECLIPSE, JAVA, INTELLIJ IDEA, AMAZON WEB SERVICES, FORTRAN, Git, JENKINS, PYTHON, JIRA, MAVEN, WEB SERVICES