Implementation Project Manager Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Implementation Project Manager - Philips Healthcare Richmond, TX PMP certified Project Manager with over 10 years of experience in leading highly effective project teams,  providing cradle-to-grave project management over large-scale implementations. Superior organizational  and time management skills in successfully managing multiple complex projects simultaneously, in both  Waterfall and Agile methodologies. Excel at liaising between business and technical areas to achieve on-  time, on-budget and on-spec project completions. Strong presentation and communication skills  working with C-suite, senior executives, project sponsors, key stakeholders, department and functional  managers, as well as end-users at all levels. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Implementation Project Manager Philips Healthcare - Columbus, OH November 2013 to Present Manage Monitoring & Analytics and Therapeutic Care (MA&TC) projects involving new equipment  installs and data integration, large enterprise-wide implementations and new construction projects.  • Program Manager for all the patient monitoring projects at Cleveland Clinic Hospitals (CCH) and University Hospitals, Cleveland (UHC). Successfully managed more than 100 installation projects at  these major hospital networks.  • Managed $300M/15 year strategic partnerships between Philips and CCH and UHC involving Joint  Oversight Committee, Nurse Education Council, Nurse Education Forum, Alarms Management  Committee, and the Technology Working Group.  • Project lifecycle of 30 days to 12 months that included supply chain and resource management, creating and managing detailed project plans, as well as facilitating project meetings from Sales Handoff  to Transition to Support. Average workload included managing over 50 projects at a time with $12M  annual revenue target.  • Project scopes range from low complexity (standalone patient monitors) to advanced complexity (whole  house networked monitors, PIIC iX) to integrated (IntelliBridge Enterprise IBE sending HL7, ADT, Sure  Sign Vitals, and Wave Strip Export to EMR's).  • Solely responsible for all five phases of the project: Initiating and gathering documents based on the client issued PO, planning capital equipment arrival dates/resourcing/ project schedule, executing  against the project plan, monitoring & controlling risk/issues/ project tasks, and finally closing the project or phase while reviewing lessons learned.  • Develop integrated project plans to lead diverse cross-functional teams of internal and external  resources in coordination with the project key stakeholders, hospital C-suite, and third party vendors.  • Manage projects with Philips Supplied Clinical Networks (network designed, installed, and configured  by Philips using Cisco switches/routers), Customer Supplied Clinical Networks (Philips provides the requirements that hospital IT implements), and Hybrid Networks (Philips servers virtualized on customer  VMware environment).  • Lead over 50 wireless projects with infrastructure supporting wireless bedside monitoring using  customer infrastructure (802.11wireless) or Philips WMTS Network infrastructure (1.4 GHz smart  hopping wireless). Human Resources Project Manager Infosys Limited - Dallas, TX February 2012 to August 2013 Worked closely with Business and HR leadership in defining, prioritizing and achieving strategic  objectives and ensuring projects delivered successfully meeting the approved business strategies.  • Spearheaded the transition project for a team of more than 100 engineers from Harley Davidson, WI to Infosys. Planned and executed several hiring initiatives and projects from inception to closure for  Infosys, acquiring talent groups from various organizations.  • Designed and conducted HR workshops all across the US with talent acquisition teams. Assisted in all  aspects of onboarding and new hire training.  • Established solid working relationships and routinely interfaced with project sponsors and business  stakeholders. Created ongoing project management status and issues reports, coordinated key message and set business expectations.  • Managed the implementation and roll out project of the Infosys intranet HR site highlighting the  manager central page. IT Project Manager Tax Care, Inc - Concord, CA July 2007 to December 2011 Managed the IT projects for the entire East Bay Tax Care, Inc. operation. Scheduled and executed all  stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations. Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  • Developed and monitored several different projects simultaneously from inception through completion.  Reduced operating costs by 18% through streamlining project activities across multiple project teams and locations.  • Resolved numerous project issues including staffing shortages, tactical matters, scope creep and  divergent business and user needs.  • Moved between Agile and Waterfall approaches depending on project specifics creating detailed project  road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures. Technical Support Manager Red Hat, Inc - Sunnyvale, CA March 2004 to June 2007 Supported semi-conductor applications and software for Embedded Systems on various platforms  including Windows and several flavors of UNIX and Linux.  • Managed and supported clients including local and international multi-billion dollar companies such as Sony, Hitachi and Nintendo.  • Provided Technical Support for customers with Tier 1/2 level software issues. Reproduced customer  problems internally and validated software fixes by applying patches, on multiple platforms for UNIX/Linux.  • Supervised Technical Support teams covering different software applications on Red Hat Linux;  working closely with the C-suite and Red Hat leadership.  • Actively participated in organizing and conducting presentations at Trade shows promoting the various  products of Red Hat software. Education Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering Purdue University - Fort Wayne, IN Skills PMI, PROJECT LIFECYCLE, DATA INTEGRATION, SHAREPOINT, MICROSOFT PROJECT, VISIO, EMR, MIGRATIONS, RISK MANAGEMENT, BUDGETING, COST CONTROL, INTEGRATION, SCHEDULING, EXCEL, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, PROJECT SCHEDULING, HEALTHCARE, TEAM BUILDING Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/siddiquiaamir Additional Information KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  • Project Lifecycle Management • Enterprise Implementations • Scope Management  • System Migrations • Requirements Definitions & Analysis • PMI Methodology  • Project Scheduling • Team Building & Leadership • Risk Management  • Project Budgeting & Cost Control • EMR Data Integration • Healthcare Hardware & Software    TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Expert skills in Microsoft Project, Visio, Salesforce, SharePoint, Outlook, PowerPoint, OneNote and Excel