Software Implementation Specialist Software Implementation Specialist CA Software Implementation Specialist - Ivalua Inc Mountain View, CA Work Experience Software Implementation Specialist Ivalua Inc - Redwood City, CA March 2019 to Present and  ? Developed subject matter expertise in the Procure to Pay Source to Contract processes & got certified in these modules  to  ? Worked with business stakeholders to gather requirements optimize compliance, efficiencies, and user experience, and  ? Formulated Project plan estimates and schedules, design documents conducted weekly update meetings with clients    ? Monitored and resolved defects and enhancement  issues posted by clients using SQL skills  ? Configured insurance client portal for supplier onboarding, sourcing, contract management/authoring & spend analysis  ? Reproduced all issues posted by the client, providing guidance when needed and solved configuration requests, Business IT Project Manager Ez-Flo International - Dallas, TX June 2018 to February 2019 Developed strategies & analyzed customer/vendor data to address 25% tariff rate  increase impact on imported Chinese goods  the  ? Project managed product merchandising team in streamlining the execution of our business strategies using Asana tool  a  ? Executed ad-hoc analysis nd reporting tasks as required to assure timely deliverable of project tasks and milestones  ? Vendor and supplier data extraction, consolidation and analysis using SQL and advance Excel including pivot tables, charts  to  ? Developed Tableau dashboards track sales performance of Customer class and Business Units and optimized sales & revenue  to as  ? Created macros flag the exceptions to SAP MDM rules it relates to MRP module, purchasing and demand planning  ? Documented functional/technical requirements and User Acceptance forms by collaborating with IT & business stakeholders, IT Procurement Analyst Thales USA, Inc September 2017 to January 2018 for  ? Performed competitive bidding the purchase of Ethics & Compliance Training Software for Thales' internal customers  ? Developed a business case comparison using supplier solutions and scorecards and evaluating costs using a 5 year NPV spend  on  ? Issued contract/PO and performed negotiations to save $8000 current price by selecting the best solution at best price Procurement IT Analyst Thales USA, Inc May 2017 to January 2018 for  ? Business Project lead procurement of IT services for implementation of Procurement data warehouse nd KPI dashboard a  ? Developed business requirements through review meetings with business and IT to formulate requirement documentation  ? Supplier data extraction, consolidation and analysis from various ERPs using E xcel, Python and Tableau visualizations  for  ? Developed KPIs Supplier Rationalization, Non PO Spend, Annual Purchasing Volume, Purchasing Price Variance,  Delivery Backlog and On Time Delivery to measure, control and benchmark procurement operations    ? Developed Python scripts for supplier rationalization thereby reducing the redundant and inactive suppliers by 35%  t  ? Built category metric models o track and monitor the performance of category metrics against the strategies, SAP APO Business Consultant Tata Consultancy Services Bangalore 2013 to July 2016 Analyzed the Supply Chain planning activities of pharmaceutical and consumer product company Johnson & Johnson  and  ? Synthesized data of over 10,000+ SKUS over 400+ facilities from SAP ECC  ? Managed Demand Planning and Supply Networking Planning using SAP Advance Planning and Optimization tool  ? Supported the daily monitoring activities and for including debugging defect management SAP APO and SAP BW  ? Provided support for requirement gathering root cause analysis increasing the customer satisfaction metric to 94%  ? Generated KPIs  using SQL scripts, Excel and Tableau to provide business insights on demand, sales, and inventory, and and  ? Formulated UATs functional specification technical documents mitigated issues in all phases of project Education M.S. in Information Technology and Management in Dean's Excellence Scholarship Scholar The University of Texas at Dallas - Dallas, TX August 2016 to May 2018 Skills Project Management, Jira Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/swasti-srivastva