IT Project Manager - contract <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - contract Tamarac, FL • A result oriented Business Analyst & Project Manager with over 15 years of diversified experience in Commerce, Finance, Manufacturing, Telecommunications, Energy, Satellite Services and Gaming.  • Strong Business Analysis skills including in depth knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Waterfall, Agile and the PMI-PMBOK standards.  • Strong project management skills including planning, scheduling, monitoring and budgeting with experience in requirements gathering, gap analysis, risk analysis, effort & resources estimation, etc.  • Expertise in translating business requirements into System Specifications and mapping the process design, work flows for SDLC with documenting and managing business requirements.  • Skills in developing Use Case diagrams, Data Flow diagrams, Workflow diagram, ERM diagram.  • Experienced in the entire UAT-User Acceptance Testing cycle and development of all supporting documentation: Test Cases and Traceability Matrix.  • Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to adapt to a new environment and meet stringent deadlines.   • Manage off-shore technical teams.  • Ability to excel and succeed in diverse environment and projects with strong determination, dedication, and inclination towards customer satisfaction.  • Conducted requirement analysis techniques such as Business Process Automation, Business Process Improvement, and Business Process Re-engineering.  • Facilitated Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions and interviewed Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), asking detailed functionality aspects of business process and carefully updating the information to the requirements in an easily understandable format.  • Highly motivated team player capable enough to work and lead within a team environment besides being capable to work independently.  • Excellent communication, interpersonal & analytical skills.  • Creative and Objective person capable of forming and maintaining positive and productive team environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager - contract USMED - Doral, FL December 2016 to March 2017 Responsibilities  Development of a complete project plan for the migration of the company’s Data Center. This project is part the company’s strategic plan for IT modernization and innovation.    • Elaboration of the project charter: identification of the migration main components, processes and stakeholders.  • Elaboration of the project plan with emphasis on Data Migration, MS Access/Web Applications, Infrastructure: Database and Terminal Servers.  • Monitoring and controlling of project tasks in MS Project and JIRA.  • Elaboration and publishing of the Project Progress Dashboard.  • Planning, execution and controlling of the UAT-User Acceptance Testing.  • Conducting of project meetings with business areas and project team.  • Development of Non-disruptive Rollout plan; Rollback plan; Risk Analysis; Go Live Users’ Support.  • Development of the project knowledge base.  Environment: MS Project, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Word, SharePoint, JIRA. IT Project Manager Ortiz Gaming - Boca Raton, FL October 2013 to October 2016 Responsibilities  I was hired to start a PMO and create the Project Portfolio aligned with company’s strategy. I was also responsible for the procurement of a new CRM-Customer Relationship Management and a new ERP-Enterprise Resources Planning for the company. Other duties include software development and QA, implementation of Salesforce in offices worldwide.     • Project management of Games software development for land based and online/mobile applications.  • Use of Scrum/Agile methodology and JIRA monitoring and tracking tool.  • Conduct of New Products project management.  • Responsible for all phases of new EGM-Electronic Gaming Machines development: Designing, Engineering, Production. This project involves the procurement and management of US and International vendors.  • Manage Software Development QA/QC.  • Responsible for Salesforce implementation worldwide including users in US, Philippines, South and Central America and Mexico:  o Implementation planning.  o Data migration.  o Customization of objects such as: accounts, contacts and opportunities.  o Salesforce administration.  o Development of executive reports.  o Development and Execution of users’ multilingual training material in English, Portuguese and Spanish.  • Responsible for Analysis, Development and Implementation of workflow and procedures automation across the company.  • Manage of onshore / offshore software development and testing teams.  • Manage of multiple concurrent projects.  Environment: MS Project, MS Office, MS Visio, G Suite, JIRA, Confluence, Zephyr. Education Project Management Prep Course Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL Executive MBA in International Executive University of São Paulo USP - São Paulo, BR Databases Campinas State University UNICAMP Bachelor's in Systems Analysis Campinas Catholic University Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/reinaldo-trad