IT Director/ IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Director/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Walton, NE Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Director/ IT Project Manager Warren Memorial Hospital - Friend, NE January 2012 to Present Responsibilities  Project Manager for all IT projects including implementation of Electronic Health Record (EHR) application  Utilized Microsoft Project software to successful manage all projects  Gathered project information: schedules, data requests, assignments, tasks, and meetings.  Works with project team to understand and assist with tracking all work, task and assignments.  Worked with Department Managers and assisted in developing comprehensive workflows  Monitor, modify and set project schedule as assigned  Maintain document control, database management, track project activities, team communication and meeting minutes.  Assisted team leads in strategic meetings and follow up with meeting notes  Developed and review project status reports organization wide.  Created and implemented comprehensive communications plans  Designed a consistent organizational image in all communications internally and externally   Managed media relations with focus on building relationships with community and media  Developed successful press releases and statements to the media  Managed all new media including multiple websites and social media accounts  Wrote blog posts, website content, and other materials  Planned and schedule conferences, presentations, and fundraising events  Used graphic design tools to create market materials that generated new business  Managed IT helpdesk  Managed Microsoft Active Directory network including Exchange, System Center, Hyper-V, SQL servers.     Accomplishments  Took CIO charter, championing full network access hailed as crucial to efficiency and profits, while upgrading all areas of IT, stabilizing key systems, enhancing user confidence, reliability, security and performance.     Worked with CEO and CFO to drive IT costs down while improving quality and security of Health Information. Works with local community groups to promote our rural healthcare facility and uses traditional and non-traditional marketing strategies to promote the hospital.     Featured speaker on multiple media outlets appearing locally and regionally on radio and television discussing healthcare and technology.   Creation of the Warren Memorial Hospital strategic planning and senior leadership team led to overcoming a dysfunctional environment and put the hospital on a positive path forward.   Delivered Multi-million dollar Electronic Medical Record Implementation Project on time and under budget in only 6 months.  Recognized nationally as a Leader in IT Service Management (ITSM). Visionary leadership led the local ITSM group winning national rookie group of the year. Recognized by IT peers nationally, was nominated for the National Board of Directors of itSMF USA. Highly sought out Speaker on IT Service Management.  Featured Speaker at the NextGen UGM in Las Vegas presenting a case study on Meaningful Use and Rural Healthcare focused on Critical Access Hospitals.     Skills Used  Collaborative Executive Leadership, Business Partnership, & Solutions Management    Strategic Road-maps – IT Service Management – Community Leadership - Project Management Education BS in Organizational Communication Nebraska Wesleyan University - Lincoln, NE 2011 to 2015 Skills Certified Project Manager, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft System Center, Microsoft Hyper -V, VmWare, Gridstore, NetApps, Wordpress, Social Media, Press Releases and PMBOK Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/netmojoman Additional Information Successfully completed the Project Management Undergraduate Certificate program at Nebraska Wesleyan University  Certified in ITIL Service Management   Proven strategic communications leader in IT and Healthcare appearing on radio and television   Social Media Expert successfully leading integrated online marketing programs  Successful writing and editing press releases with articles running on local and regional media  Proven ability to lead and plan events and outreach  Led the Warren Memorial Hospital Strategy Planning and Senior Leadership Teams  Leader of the Service Management initiative for the City of Omaha  Member of Project Management Institute   Nationally recognized leader in IT Service Management (ITIL) winning multiple awards   Preparing for PMI certification test in July 2015  Microsoft Certified Professional  A+ Certified