IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Chandler, AZ Work Experience IT Project Manager Public Consulting Group - Phoenix, AZ July 2019 to Present Along with normal duties of IT Service Desk II, I have also been approved to become an intern with the PCG ITS Project Management team. Here I have a set of new responsibilities that I am apart of on a part time basis. I have also been accepted by PMI to begin the Certified Associate Project Manager certification, which will be completed this Fall 2019. I am gaining hands on experience about IT Project Management. Here is a list of my responsibilities:  • Plan, develop resources, identify the scope of the projects  • Develop clear communication goals and objectives with other roles of the project including PMO • Identify and remove any roadblocks  • Host daily Scrum meetings to log progress  • Host 2 week Scrum sprints to deliver a functional product to stakeholders and End Users  • Use Sprint Retrospectives to learn what we can improve on for next Sprint  • Work within our Cost resources to provide the best products for stakeholders  • Organize all IT related projects using Scrum methodology. IT Service Desk Specialist II Public Consulting Group - Phoenix, AZ June 2019 to Present • Adding End Users to groups in Active Directory  • Use remote software Bomgar to solve software issues  • Local Printer Setup  • Active Directory account management  • Add users to groups in Active Directory  • Grant/Connect users to Share Drives  • Granting users VPN account access  • WebEx account management  • Hard Drive imaging (PXE BOOT)  • .NET software installation  • Pushing Microsoft Office 365 updates  • Microsoft Office 365 Exchange Server Administration  • Windows Server 2012 R2  • Closed 50 tickets weekly in BMC Remedy  • Use Entrust Identity guard for MFA and password changes  • Run power shell scripts to grant access to various applications • HIPAA compliance  • Create SFTP accounts for End User  • Running scripts in AZURE for account management  • Developed Knowledge Articles for a Documentation Committee project. IT Specialist Kforce - Washington, DC October 2018 to March 2019 Client: Veterans Affairs  (Public Trust)  During this 6 month contract at the Department of Veterans Affairs I help support a Mobile Device refresh and Windows 10 migration. I was apart of a 6 person team assisting federal employees and government contractors to deliver excellent IT support. In addition to support I also worked with Asset Management, using MAXIMO to log all of end users hardware assignments. Here are the various day to day duties I was responsible for.  • ITILv3 work Environment  • Monitor Tier2 Dashboard in ServiceNow Ticketing system  • Create Groups in Active Directory/ Grant Access and Roles  • Used AirWatch for remote management on Mobile Devices  • Configure PKI encryption for iOS devices (iPad, iPhone)  • Apart of a IT support group for 12,000+ End Users  • Closed an average of 40-50 tickets per week in ServiceNow  • Set End Users Work Stations  • Assisted with Windows 10 Deployment  • MS Outlook troubleshooting for MS Office 365  • Hard Drive Imaging  • Installing external card readers for DELL Laptops Senior IT Analyst and IT Manager National Credit Union - Alexandria, VA July 2018 to October 2018 I periodically served as Service Desk Manager National Credit Union Administration July 2018 to October 2018 I was apart of a service desk team that had 7-10 analyst during my tenure at this position. From July 2018 - October 2018 I periodically served as Service Desk Manager. As manager I analyzed SOP and SLA that were set with client. Ensured that all customer facing documents were submitted to self service portal. Ensured that all service desk tickets were updated Dailey. Held meeting with each service desk agent to gain more knowledge of strength and weaknesses. Worked along side of Project Managers to meet the deadline of the Windows 10 deployment. Here are the various duties I performed:  • Troubleshooting MS Outlook 365, connecting user profiles to the exchange server  • Closed incident tickets within the SLA of 1 hour  • Monitored service desk performance in ServiceNow and created reports for federal client • Migrated end users PC's from Windows 7 to Windows 10  • Enabled/Disabled users accounts in Active Directory as well as creating groups  • SCCM management  • Create Hardware request for new PC's daily  • Closed an average of 40 tickets per week  • VPN troubleshooting  • Remote access for software incident resolution  • Cisco VoIP troubleshooting using WebEx  • MDM using MobileIron for iPhones and iPads  • Troubleshooting MS Excel issues  • Internet connectivity troubleshooting  • Connected external Monitors, local, and network printers • Ran Office scan using TrendMicro to remove malware  • Fixed PIV card readers Special Police Officer Coastal International Security January 2015 to November 2016 Client: Department of the Interior  (Public Trust)  At this position as a Special Police Officer I served as an armed Police Officer for the Department of the Interior. My day to day duties were to secure all points of entry that was open to employees as well as the public. In addition, I filed memorandums for various federal and political appointees visitation. Education Bachelor's in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice Towson University - Towson, MD September 2013 to December 2014 Associate of Arts in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice in Criminal Justice Howard Community College - Columbia, MD September 2009 to December 2012 Skills PM, Scrum Master, Project Management, Information Technology, Itil, CSM Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) Currently taking CAPM courses through Project Management Institute.