Technical Project Consultant Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> Consultant Technical Project Consultant - AMA Megarray Software Orlando, FL Work Experience Technical Project Consultant AMA Megarray Software June 2018 to Present Interface with key leadership and stakeholders to provide strategic advice and guidance in areas related to software development management with offshore vendor selection, communication and management. Specifically tasked to detect and proactively eliminate communication break downs and bottlenecks with various offshore development teams in India; with the primary objective to ensure timely execution and delivery of technical solutions that meet or exceed the requirements of the project. IT Project Manager GeoMerchants June 2016 to June 2018 Directed multiple technical teams and offshore vendors to drive web development and software development projects from planning to deployment. Instilled Agile and Waterfall methodologies to drive web and software development projects across the organization, leading daily meetings and defining user stories to effectuate change. Defined project roadmaps, controlled budgets and proactively monitored risks to adhere to internal compliance and customer expectations. National Contract Manager, Operations US Foods March 2015 to May 2016 Collaborated in the development of various enterprise management software applications and assisted in improving B2B e-commerce website and data mapping features which contributed to sales of over $500M annually. Managed financial compliance and reporting (SOX); safeguarding internal profit margins, preventing loss, and resolved vendor and customer disputes. IT Project Manager, Data Manager Bluestar Applications October 2010 to December 2014 Directed end-to-end web and software application development projects for B2B and B2C clients while performing pivotal client management and offshore vendor leadership roles. Streamlined and formulated system processes to expedite project timelines and monitored progress toward identified project milestones based on defined roadmaps. E-commerce Project Manager RPH Group September 2006 to August 2010 Developed and managed e-commerce and digital marketing projects on multiple open source (WordPress, Joomla, Opencart and Magento) and custom CMS platforms. Enhanced user experience and optimized conversions, improved SEO performance and incorporated updates to Paid Search and Affiliate Marketing performance and analytics metrics. Assistant Project Manager, Business Analyst Jive Networks June 2004 to September 2006 Developed content and managed web development and SEO projects. Efficiently monitored workflow from offshore technical teams and performed QA testing. Fulfilled customer service requests and prepared project proposals and plans. Education MBA Embry Riddle Aeronautical University Bachelor of Science in Business Administration University of Central Florida Skills Css (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Html (Less than 1 year), Javascript (Less than 1 year), offshore (9 years), Jira, API, PMO (5 years), Estimating, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, budget, Word, Outlook, Maintenance, Customer Service Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL, JavaScript.  Software: Microsoft Office (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Project, JIRA.