IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - NORTHWELL HEALTH LABORATORIES Amityville, NY Success-driven leader with a reputation for versatility and increasing process efficiencies. Logical thinker  and quick learner with excellent communication abilities.  SKILLED AREAS  • Process optimization and SOP  documentation  • Resource management  • Project scope monitoring and  controlling  • Customer support and troubleshooting  • Issue identification and escalations  • Operations management  • Translating business needs to  requirement specifications Work Experience IT Project Manager NORTHWELL HEALTH LABORATORIES - New Hyde Park, NY July 2017 to Present Regularly managing several IT and laboratory clinical implementations enterprise-wide. Interfacing with executive client sponsors and stakeholders while managing internal and vendor resources. Oversee  software development lifecycles start to finish. Facilitating recurring and operational issue response  project meetings, both in-person and via available telecommunication tools. Produce, maintain, and execute project charters, project plans, communication plans, and lessons learned. Develop and  manage project budgets up to $4 million. Schedule and lead training for end-users. Mentor fellow  colleagues in project management, stakeholder relations, and communication techniques.  Achievements:  • Reversed a 12-week scheduling delay issue on a software implementation, only 4 weeks after project assignment  • Created a collaborative working relationship between business management and project  management teams  • Promoted to team mentor in the areas of technology project management, communications,  and process knowledge    PAGE TWO Clinical Analyst/Provisioner ALLSCRIPTS @ NORTHWELL HEALTH - Melville, NY November 2015 to July 2017 Lead EPCS implementations for the Clinical Service Desk. Onboard and manage a temporary service  desk team for EPCS-specific support. Interface with clients and agents while managing vendor  escalations pertaining to EPCS. Update and maintain the Service Desk Knowledge Base for both internal  and external teams. Provide ePrescribe training to agents in an effort to promote cross-training and release EPCS project resources. Provision access to clinical applications on a per-request basis in CA  Service Desk. Provide expert-level knowledge of ePrescribe related issues to service desk agents.  Achievements:  • Coordinated and oversaw EPCS token fairs for SCM Go-Live at Huntington Hospital:  o Developed and executed a process to proactively provision 250 providers on-site before Go-Live date.  o Avoided impact on Clinical Service Desk metrics and project cost by decreasing the amount of post Go-Live support required.  • Role in reaching Service Management SLA's:  o Achieved and maintained the lowest pending Change Order request queue since January 2015 for the clinical service desk.  o Employed versatility by providing phone, chat, and remote support to end-users for both clinical and technical issues during periods of high call volume. Education CERTIFICATE NEW HORIZONS COMPUTER LEARNING CENTER April 2017 BACHELOR OF SCIENCE degree in MATHEMATICS & COMPUTER SCIENCE ST. JOSEPH 'S COLLEGE - Patchogue, NY 2015 Skills Information Technology, PM, Project Management, SDLC, Waterfall Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Platforms: Windows Family Operating Systems; Android; Mac OS X;  Languages: C++; Java; VB; HTML/CSS; HL7; AutoHotKey;  Applications: Active Directory; Adobe Dreamweaver; Allscripts Central; Allscripts Touchworks EHR;  Allscripts SHIELD; Bomgar; CA Service Desk; Cerner Millennium; Citrix; Eclipse;  Allscripts EDIS; KB Doc Creator; Microsoft Office Suites 2000-2010; Microsoft Project;  Microsoft Visio; Microsoft Visual Studio; New Innovations; OakTree Navigator &  Report Builder; Rcopia Dr First; Remote Desktop; Salesforce; SharePoint; SmartSheet;  Sunrise Clinical Manager; Surescripts; WebEx