IT Program Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Program Manager - Underwriters Laboratories Marietta, GA Experienced Information Technology Manager with extensive experience with and Application Development. Ardent about efficiency and quality. Solid success in improving efficiency, productivity, and profitability through automation and process improvement. Demonstrated success leading and mentoring cross functional teams, vendors and offshore resources to maximize productivity. Analytical, articulate and diligent. Work Experience IT Program Manager Underwriters Laboratories - Marietta, GA March 2011 to Present Manage global deployment of Enterprise applications for the Ventures Business Unit. Implemented Project Management Application, Dynamics CRM, and Customer Portal. Active member of several Project Steering Committees. Manage lab services and follow-up services applications. Plan and oversee releases and production deployments. IT Project Manager Air Quality Sciences - Marietta, GA October 2009 to March 2011 Managed Website development project. Managed vendor relationships, wrote requirements documents, created test plans, use cases, and analysis models. Conducted status meetings with project stockholders, and project team. Data Analyst/Developer AT&T IT Services - Atlanta, GA November 2007 to June 2009 Contract Consultant)    Data modeling, data analysis, ETL, SQL database administration, designed dash board for executive management. Used SharePoint extensively to collaborate with project team members. Installed IIS  component and configured on test, development and production environments. Wrote system test and UAT cases.  • Created DTS Packages for complex calculations used in Management Reporting website.  • Developed a web application using ASP that was used by regional field technicians to record their daily time. Director of Information Technology AssuranceAmerica Insurance Company - Atlanta, GA April 2003 to May 2007 Direct Information Technology operations including: network engineering, desktop support, quality assurance, data warehousing/data mining, and application development. Supervise efforts of development groups for web based policy/claims administration system and back end office automation. Facilitate Information Technology Steering Committee meetings.  Implemented web based system for project management including documentation for project requirements, development activities, testing, customer approval, and implementation that improved communication between all project team members.    Initiated procedures to define software release life cycle, software development life cycle, and version control which improved application quality and decreased release time.    • Spearheaded management of corporate data warehouse/data mining project.  Wrote test plan guidelines and incorporated testing at various states including unit code, white box, black box, integration and final delivery of product.    Lead SOX initiative in the Information Technology Department and implemented process solutions to be within compliance..    • Introduced project management principles to improve ability to meet time lines, budgets and objectives. Information Systems Manager May 2002 to April 2003 Oversaw software engineering for 50 million company writing non-standard auto insurance in the state of Georgia. Developed structured Information Technology Department to enhance application support. Interviewed, hired and trained IT personnel. Configured IIS and installed ColdFusion and SQL Server 2000 on development, test and production servers. Supported web based application.  • Established standardized processes for development, documentation, and quality assurance.  Instituted system that provided real-time data exchange between corporate distributed database and end users at insurance retail outlets that reduced administrative costs and direct labor costs while actualizing 40% increase in productivity over the prior year    Resolved issues with high rate of server downtime and application errors by managing vender access and establishing and enforcing security permission policies resulting in uptime improvement from 80% to 98%. Education BBA in Business Management/Marketing Project Management Institute March 2008 Skills DATA MAPPING, MAPPING, SQL SERVER, ORACLE, SQL, STORED PROCEDURES, ASP, COLD FUSION, IIS, SHAREPOINT, .NET, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, XML, CHANGE CONTROL, SDLC, ETL, TERADATA, ISS, PROCESS MANAGEMENT Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES  Risk Management Project Management SDLC Process Management  Quality Control Change Control Process Improvement    TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Microsoft Projects, SharePoint, Microsoft Office Suite  • Oracle, PL-SQL, Teradata  • VB, Javascript, HTML, XML  • Data Mapping/Analysis/ ETL    • SQL Server, DTS/ISS, Triggers, Stored Procedures, Backup/Restore, Performance Tuning  • Web Technologies: IIS, Cold fusion, .Net (ASP, VB)  • Agile and Waterfall Development Methodologies