IT Scrum Master <span class="hl">IT</span> Scrum Master Scrum Master/ Project Manager Tampa, FL ? 15 Years of experience in IT industry out of which fifty five months onsite experience; Ten years in Telecom (OSS and BSS); five years in e-Commerce; Web Services management domains.  ? ISEB, ISTQB, ITIL-V3, CSM, SAFe and PMP certified Scrum Master/ Project Manager with diversified fields of software development life cycle (SDLC), quality assurance processes and methodologies, defect management life cycle and specialized in software testing life cycle (STLC).  ? Experience to the various stages of SDLC and STLC - Software Testing Life Cycle starting from the Project initiation • Test Requirements • Planning • Environment set up • Designing • Automation • Execution and Defect Tracking • Reporting and Acceptance.  ? Agile Areas of Expertise- Agile Principals, Tasking Meetings/Retrospectives, Relative Estimation, Project Management, Story-Based Development, Iteration Planning Meetings, Conflict Resolution   ? Project management experience comprising of project initiation, planning, executing, monitoring, controlling and closure to ensure projects are prioritized, managed, and communicated using consistent methods, processes, tools and techniques.  ? Expertise in QA testing methods (black box/white box), Testing levels (unit, integration, system and end to end testing), Testing Objectives (acceptance, regression, sanity, alpha/beta testing), Nonfunctional Testing (stability, usability, stress and load), Test Estimation, Test Management-Onshore/Offshore Model.  ? Extensive coordinating experience with system engineers, subject matter experts and developers in different geographical locations and time zones to resolve issues in a timely manner.  ? Extensive exposure of Telecom (OSS/BSS), Finance, e-commerce, Content Management Portal, Client/Server and Web base applications.  ? Extensively worked on Agile/Scrum, LEAN, V-model and Waterfall methodologies.  ? Adept in conducting internal audits, preparing reports on audit findings and observations.  ? Have ability to work independently as well as leading team from the front on aggressive schedules and deadlines. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Scrum Master Verizon Wireless - Tampa, FL October 2018 to Present ·        Guiding the product owner around creating and maintaining backlog, managing artifacts, tracking and reporting metrics.  ·        Facilitating the planning meeting, daily stand-ups, review meetings, and backlog grooming sessions.  ·        Facilitate retrospectives at the end of each sprint.  ·        Work with product owner and business team to groom product backlog and help to determine each sprint backlog.  ·        Ensure the product owner knows how to arrange the product backlog to maximize value.  ·        Coaching the development team in self-organization and cross-functionality.  ·        Recommend changes that increase the productivity of the scrum team.  ·        Training and coaching the teams on scrum and/or Kan-ban; as needed.  ·        Help team to minimize noise that prevents them from meeting their sprint commitments.  ·        Lead scrum of scrums (SOS) meetings with involved teams.  ·        Provide performance feedback for team members.  ·        Communicate customer expectation for software release.  ·        Track team metrics and prepared status reports for management. Project Manager/Scrum Master Tech Mahindra America Inc - Schaumburg, IL June 2014 to September 2018 As a Scrum Master, I am responsible for:  • Provide leadership to the team and facilitate the team’s daily activities.  • Educate the team on the Agile practices.  • Shield the team from external interferences.  • Gather and ensure a definition of done-done.  • Iteration Capacity planning.  • Track and report metrics.  • Monitor the iteration progress and ensure successful iteration completion.  • Communicate delivery expectations to Product Owner and Scrum Team.  • Facilitate/lead all Agile ceremonies.  o Vision Planning  o Agile Release Planning  o Backlog Refinement  o Iteration/Sprint Planning  o Daily Stand ups  o Iteration Demo & Review  o Iteration Retrospectives  • Identifying, understanding & tracking impediments; help to remove them and drive improvements to optimize how the team works.  • Maximize the use of technology to encourage close collaboration of distributed (on shore and offshore) teams of product owner and developers to define and schedule activities.  • Assessing the Agile Maturity of the Scrum team and organization to coach the team to higher levels of maturity at a pace that is sustainable and comfortable for the team and organization  • Helping to build a safe and trusting team environment where problems can be raised without fear of blame, retribution, or judgement, with an emphasis on problem solving.    As a Project Manager, I am responsible for:    • Gather projects estimates\impact scores from Technical Architect, Subject Matter Expert (SME), Development and Test Managers. Follow ups with AT&T governance team for funded projects.  • Discussion with different involved vendor management to decide required resources and provide resources list to lead project manager (LPM) once application impact has been established and accepted into release.  • Hosting meetings with Development & Test Managers to have common agreement on project deliverables & baseline their responsibilities.  • Conduct meetings with stakeholders (System Engineering, Development, Testing & Production Support teams) to gather their status, discuss risks & remove impediments.   • Attend weekly project status meeting with lead delivery managers (DM) and project management office (PMO) to provide project status and raise delivery risks.   • Maintain customer satisfaction levels through service review discussion, obtaining feedback, bringing differentiator in services.  • Bringing up efficiency/value add by implementing service improvement, excelling operation and creating efficiency.  • Risk & Impact analysis and contingency plan at Project/Program level.   • Communicates with, and updates progress to, project board/senior management.  • Posted weekly status reports and performed monthly updates. Analyzed and communicated monthly statistics to team, customers and management. Consolidate projects status & update Wiki for project status.  • Ensuring that quality services are delivered regarding the agreed SLA.  • Knowledge transition planning, hiring, setting up team, training, process setup, process planning, controlling and monitoring business. Test Manager Tech Mahindra America Inc October 2013 to May 2014 Team Size Project: 10 Module: 3  Environment  (with skill versions)    Languages: PL/SQL & Shell Scripting  Database: Oracle 11.0  Tools: Quality Center (QC)/Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Toad (Quest Software), Rational RequisitePro.  O/S: Window-7 & Solaris.    Project Description:  AMNQ provide application interface to OVALS-NSP and OVALS-SAG systems. AMNQ provides U-Verse, DSL and IPDSLAM availability based on the network inventory and other network details. AMNQ uses OVALS to perform address validation and OVALS-NSP and One ATT Qual (SE) to obtain product availability information. AMNQ uses FusionBus infrastructure to communicate with clients using SOAP/JMS protocol. Clients can also communicate to AMNQ using EJB remote interface. AMNQ uses Websphere application server to implement the integration logic. The functions include: Receive address from clients, send availability information back to clients.    Contribution:  As a Test Manager, I was responsible for:    ? Managing testing efforts for five applications.  ? Requirements gathering and analysis.  ? Estimating testing efforts and update lead project managers for testing efforts.  ? Allocation projects to onshore and offshore resources.  ? Ensuring resources are properly trained and have required skills to perform assigned work.  ? Leading System, End to End & Performance testing for assigned projects.  ? Monitoring and tracking testing assignmentsprogress vs schedule.  ? Resolving team'sdoubts related to assigned projects.  ? Hosting meetings for project status collecting, discussion on project's risks and their mitigation plan.  ? Reporting projects status to required stakeholders.    5. Project Name: Broad band Network Management System (BBNMS-LS)   Client AT&T Project Lead Tech Mahindra America Inc February 2013 to September 2013 Team Size Project: 55 Module: 5  Environment  (with skill versions)    Languages: PL/SQL & Shell Scripting  Database: Oracle 11.0  Tools: Quality Center (QC)/Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Toad (Quest Software), Rational RequisitePro.  O/S: Window-7 & Solaris.    Project Description:  Broad band Network Management System (BBNMS-LS) is a distributed architecture of multiple applications that work together to provide Layer 3 IP services on top of Layer 2 ATM with GigE and DSL Transport. This application is owned by at&t Inc. and facilitates provisioning and activation of U-Verse services These services include High Speed Internet Access, IPTV, and VoIP. System Test is done in simulated environments. End To End use cases are tested in Fully Integrated Environments (FIE).    Contribution:  As a Project Lead, I was responsible for:    ? Onsite coordination between TechM System Testing Team & AT&T client.  ? Mentoring team of four team members.  ? Study and understand the requirements documents & giving estimation of test execution plan to AT&T Test Manager & Projects Managers.  ? Writing & Reviewing Test Plan, Test Sets, Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) & Review Record, Test Execution Summary and Release Note documents.  ? Planning, scheduling & hosting various testing activities. E.g. Status & Review Meetings.  ? Performing System, Integration, and Regression & Sanity testing.  ? Coordinating with development team for defect analysis & performing regression testing.  ? Effect analysis for change requests & Re-testing after fixing the variances from developers.  ? Attending meeting with development team for defect explanation & status tracking.  ? Generate daily status report of test execution & produce it to the onsite & offshore team.  ? Verification of Customer Defects & analyzing them for future projects.  ? Responsible for communicating with customers and partners, understanding technical landscape, architecture and implementation details.    4. Project Name: Network Reporting System (NRS)   Client AT&T Project Lead Tech Mahindra America Inc September 2008 to February 2011 USA  Duration (09/2008) - (02/2011)  Team Size Project: 40 Module: 10  Environment  (with skill versions)    Languages: PL/SQL & Shell Scripting  Database: Oracle 11.0  Tools: Quality Center (QC)/Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Toad (Quest Software), Rational RequisitePro, Business Object.  O/S: Window-xp, Unix, Solaris    Project Description:  CMT - A network capacity, performance and survivability planning tool used to support AT&T's Layers 2 & 3 network elements and works on various protocols like OSPF. It consists of two primary applications CMT/Web and NetView.    CMT/Web is, as the name implies, a web-based application that allows users to view information and model AT&T networks like Card, IP Router, IP Interface & IP Trunk modeling.    NetView is a PC application (easily downloaded via CMT/Web) that allows users to view the information organized by CMT/Web in the server's cache. NetView allows users to see network components such as nodes in offices and their cards and ports graphically.    Contribution:  As a project lead, I was responsible for:    ? Planning, scheduling & hosting various meetings. E.g. Defect's follow ups, testing status & testing artifact reviews.  ? Designing & Reviewing Test Plan, Test Sets, Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) & Review Record, Testing Summary and Release note documents.  ? Understanding SR, HLD & AD requirement documents & performing system, integration, and regression & sanity testing.  ? Coordination with development team for system testing & production environments defect analysis.  ? Reproducing production defects in ST environment & retesting them plus execution of relevant regression testing scenarios.  ? Participating in defect analysis meetings with development & system engineer teams for defect's explanation & tracking defect's status until they get closed.  ? Preparing daily status report of test execution & produce it to the onsite & offshore team.  ? Verification of Customer Defects & analyzing them for future release's regression suite.    2. Project Name: Process Workbench &Portal Personalization Software Engineer BroadVision, Inc April 2006 to September 2008 Team Size Project: 25 Module: 3  Environment  (with skill versions)    Languages: PL/SQL.  Database: Oracle9i&10g, SQLServer 2000 &2005, MySql 5.0  Tools: Quality Center (QC), Toad (Quest Software), Rational RequisitePro& Putty.  O/S: Windows-XP/NT/200[0-3], Linux, Solaris9&10, HP-11iV2, AIX  App Servers: Weblogic 9.2, WebSphere 6.1, JBoss 4.0.5    Project Description:  BroadVision Portal is an information portal that provides personalized information and business processes to a variety of audiences. An information portal is a website that serves as an entry point to the internal resources of an enterprise. A Portal site can be tailored to manage and deliver information to many audiences (Employees, Suppliers, Partners, Customers, Government constituents).    BroadVision Process Workbench is a tool, which helps to automate and web-enable your business processes. By using the BroadVision Process design tools, you can design models that represent your business processes. Once the models are implemented and integrated into your applications, your customers, employees, or suppliers can use the processes to conduct business, such as requesting approval for a purchase, disputing a bill, or verifying some information.    Contribution:  As a Software Engineer, I was responsible for:    ? Understanding SR, HLD & AD requirement documents.  ? Designing system test cases on basis of SR/HLD/AD documents.  ? Reviewing testing artifacts with development & system engineering teams.  ? Setup configurations and build installations of various Broadvision Products (Stand alone, Integration and Migration).  ? Performing sanity testing using QTP automation scripts.  ? Performing system & regression testing on cross matrix platforms.  ? Performing L10N, I18N and Daylight Saving Time (DST) testing.  ? Raising defects & follow ups with development team for fix.  ? Reproducing & Verification of customer defects in ST environment.  ? Execution of QTP automation scripts for sanity testing.  ? Participating in defects discussion meetings & representing ST team.  ? Preparing weekly status report & reporting management team.    1. Project Name: Catalog Management Senior Software Engineer Infogain Inc - Noida, Uttar Pradesh April 2006 to August 2008 Project Description:  BroadVision Portal is an information portal that provides personalized information and business processes to a variety of audiences. An information portal is a website that serves as an entry point to the internal resources of an enterprise. A Portal site can be tailored to manage and deliver information to many audiences (Employees, Suppliers, Partners, Customers, Government constituents).    Contribution:  As a Software Engineer, I was responsible for:    • Understanding SR, HLD & AD requirement documents.  • Designing system test cases on basis of SR/HLD/AD documents.  • Reviewing testing artifacts with development & system engineering teams.   • Setup configurations and build installations of various Broadvision Products (Stand alone, Integration and Migration).  • Performing sanity testing using QTP automation scripts.  • Performing system & regression testing on cross matrix platforms.  • Performing L10N, I18N and Daylight Saving Time (DST) testing.  • Raising defects & follow ups with development team for fix.   • Reproducing & Verification of customer defects in ST environment.  • Execution of QTP automation scripts for sanity testing.  • Participating in defects discussion meetings & representing ST team.  • Preparing weekly status report & reporting management team. Quality Engineer Nextag Inc January 2004 to March 2006 Technical Skills:  Operating Systems Windows-XP/NT/200[0-3], Linux-3.0, Solaris-5.10, HP, AIX-5.3  Languages Shell Scripting & PL/SQL Quires  Databases Oracle9i, 10g & 11g, SQLServer, DB2 and MySql-5.0  Configuration Tools Microsoft Visual SourceSafe (VSS), AT&T ITOneStop(ITOS),  Defect Management Tools Filezilla, Bugzilla, Clear-DDTS, Quality Center (CQC) & ALM 11.0 and Rally Dev.  Automation Tools Conformiq, iAF, CTM, Quick Test Professional (QTP-8.1 & 9.2)  Tools & Utilities Putty X-Manger, EditPlus, BigBrother, HP-SiteScope, Toad & SQL Developer, Rally Dev, Rational RequisitePro,  Domain Knowledge Telecom (OSS & BSS) & Finance Domains, e-Commerce & Portal solutions, Content Creation and Management.    Projects Profile:  7. Project Name: Common Service Interface-Qualification (CSI-Qual)    Client Nextag Inc. USA.  Role Quality Engineer  Organization Nextag Inc. India.  Duration (01/2004) - (03/2006)  Team Size Project: 30 Module: 2  Environment  (with skill versions)    Languages: PL/SQL.  Database: MySql 5.0  Tools: Bugzilla& Putty  O/S: Windows-xp& Linux    Project Description:  Content Dashboard is a content management tool, which is used for maintaining catalog of Nextag organization in production environment. This tool performs Re-classification, Category mapping, Manufacturer Mapping, Content editing & normalization.    Contribution:  As a Quality Engineer, I was responsible for:  ? Designing and Executing Test Cases and Test Data.  ? Involved in reviewing the Test Cases, developed by Team Members  ? Performing Manual Testing of NexTag website (Live site QA)  ? Monitoring and Keeping track of various jobs by using big brother &sitescope tool.  ? Receive alerts and perform first-level troubleshooting  ? Reporting bugs through Bugzilla.  ? Preparing weekly Reports bugs   Client AT&T Education B.Tech. Kurukshetra University - Kurukshetra, Haryana June 2003 Skills Scrum Master, Scrum, CSM, Agile Scrum, Jira, PMP, Certified Scrum Master, Rally, Kanban, PM, Quality Assurance, QA, Test Architect (3 years) Certifications/Licenses ISTQB June 2008 to Present ISEB July 2008 to Present ITIL v3 May 2009 to Present Project Management Professional (PMP) June 2013 to June 2019 CSM October 2013 to October 2021 SAFe September 2017 to September 2018 Driver's License