Project Manager - Software Development <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Software Development Project Manager - Software Development Cypress, TX • Project Management (PMP) • Vendor Relationship Management • Analytical Problem Solver  • Six Sigma Black Belt • Business/Client Management • Exceptional Facilitator  • Lean Six Sigma  • ITIL V.3 Foundation  • Agile (CSM)  • CISSP Certified    • Risk Management & Assessment  • SLA Management  • Business Relationship Management  • Change Management    • Training Curriculum Development  • LAN/WAN Network Technician  • Global /Virtual Team Coordination  • U.S. Navy Veteran Work Experience Project Manager - Software Development Hewlett Packard - Houston, TX September 2016 to April 2017 Responsible for leading multiple project teams, utilizing SLDC, to implement a variety of application deliverables for HPE business units and tracking/archiving all documentation and project milestones in Microsoft Project Server  ? Provide project team leadership ensuring that L1 and L2 milestones are met  ? Produce status reports and other documentation as needed for management (DMO office)  ? Responsible for Change Management to ensure proper asset disposition Infrastructure Project Manager Men's Wearhouse - Houston, TX March 2015 to March 2016 Responsible for assembling and leading multiple project teams to implement various infrastructure projects supporting the Enterprise environment. These projects ranged from server virtualization, DR site creation, technology refresh and upgrading corporate phone systems for improved customer support  ? Responsible for the infrastructure conversion after the acquisition of Joseph A. Bank's over to Men's Wearhouse infrastructure and applications, $4.6M project over 9 months. Led the cross functional project team through multiple layers of process analysis and improvements for both J. A. Banks and Men's Wearhouse in terms of combining Business interests and store adoption of the unified Point of Sale's System  ? Facilitated workshops for requirements gathering, JAD, Risk, and Lessons Learned  ? Trained fellow PMs in the PMO on DMAIC and Lean methodologies as well as vital Six Sigma tools used to define, improve and control process improvements  ? Managed the third-party Contact Center conversion project saving Men's Wearhouse $1M/monthly  ? Managed all aspects of Infrastructure project budgets from initial estimation to end of year accruals, CapEx and OpEx purchase approving and tracking. Led Infrastructure and Procurement managers through process improvement workshops to reduce lead times on ordering/receiving needed equipment and software  Selected Major Accomplishments:  ? Managed the successful conversion of 646 Joseph A. Bank retail stores to Men's Wearhouse infrastructure and POS application three weeks early and $900k under budget  ? Successfully converted the JAB Contact Center - saving Men's Wearhouse $1M/month  ? Collected POS business applications testing requirements against IE11 to establish a corporate browser standard to maintain PCI compliance  ? Partnered with the CISO to organize a Data Security Maturity assessment to prioritize data/infrastructure security projects. This included facilitating security team workshops to gather requirements, map out current state processes and provide vendors with approved future state process Project Manager / Business Analyst Vidant Health - Greenville, NC March 2011 to September 2014 Responsible for assembling and leading multiple project teams to implement a variety of software and hardware projects supporting Vidant's network of 9 hospitals and 250+ Ambulatory clinics and educational affiliates using various methodology  ? Co-chaired the creation of a PMO Office through the development and standardization of project artifacts used by the project managers - project charter, solution requirements and design documents, communication plan, issues/risk tracker, scope, WBS, project plans, status reports, budget, change requests, stakeholder analysis, tollgates, agendas, minutes, test plans, test scripts, go - no go readiness, stake holder acceptance, lessons learned, and dashboards  ? Aligned and trained IT staff in PMI, SDLC, DMAIC, and Lean Sigma methodologies. Also, embedded the DMAIC and Lean fundamentals into the PMO service delivery framework  Selected Major Accomplishments:  ? Saved Vidant Health $500,000 per month using DMAIC Six Sigma methodology by implementing process improvements identified for the 340B drug compliance processes, resulting in additional drug discounts purchased through this program for an overall Enterprise savings of $13M a year  ? Used Lean Six Sigma to correct vendor payment processes within PeopleSoft to ensure timely payments for purchases made for the hospitals. This included waste walkthroughs, identifying value added work and eliminating waste. Within six weeks, launched a pilot used by the Central Billing Office staff which reduced aged accounts payable from over 120 to over 30  ? Used DMAIC to lead the project team on developing new workflows for hospital staff for the process improvement project to implement Epic's Closed Loop Medication Administration. The resulting new workflows dramatically improved medication accountability for the patients and the hospital  ? Using Six Sigma tools, worked with senior hospital staff to determine current state process flow and the future state to implement a new armband and bedside specimen labeling system in all 9 hospitals to directly improve patient safety. Led the IT project team and key business representatives in delivering the final approved process to the Executive Steering Committees and senior nursing/ provider decision making groups for approval and implementation  ? Led cross functional teams using Six Sigma tools to map current Provider Credentialing processes improvement requirement for the CVO office and designed future state processes to implement, drastically reducing revenue loss, patient safety risks, and potential HIPAA violations  ? Led cross functional teams to implement Enterprise Content Management process improvement utilizing new hardware/software to digitize patient records to meet compliance with Affordable Care Act requirements Project Manager / Business Analyst Target Corporation - Minneapolis, MN March 2006 to March 2008 Responsible for leading multiple project teams to implement a variety of application and infrastructure deliverables for Target's Financial Services and Stores Development business units utilizing various project management methodology  ? Facilitated workshops for requirements gathering, JAD, Risk, FMEA, and Lessons Learned  ? Through workshops, provided training to fellow PMs in the PMO on basic Six Sigma tools. (Charts, FMEA, House of Quality, Fishbone diagrams, RCA, SIPOC etc.)  ? Created and facilitated training courses on Target's SDLC methodology (TSD) to all departments within Target's Technical Service business unit  ? Consulted with project managers to troubleshoot projects that were missing any of the triple constraint milestones  Selected Major Accomplishments:  ? Led project teams through OCC compliance efforts to secure PCI standards in finance. This process improvement promoted Target Corporation into government compliance while ensuring customer personal credit card data information security.  ? Facilitated PMO (PMI and SDLC) methodology classes to broad audiences quarterly during "Smart Week" sessions  ? Managed a process improvement project in the Stores Development pyramid to reduce overnight restock times using RFID for inventory control and loss prevention. Furthermore, this Six Sigma effort ensured that items in one store were in the same location within in every Target store leading to a much-improved customer experience  ? Managed a Six Sigma project team to analyze the loss in sales of Target branded potato chips. Used DMAIC and Lean with this highly trained team and determined the changes needed to improve sales of the product. Followed up with management to track the process improvements which resulted in a much greater amount of product sold in the local Minneapolis pilot stores. Later deployed the same process to the balance of the stores in the U.S  ? Selected as a principal facilitator in the newly created "Idea Lab" to triage teams for project workshops, such as Requirements gathering, Risk and Lessons Learned. Through the success of the project it was added to the PMO as an additional service offering  ? Promoted to Business Analyst in 2007 IT Network Data Center Engineer/ Project Manager Hewlett Packard - Houston, TX December 1999 to March 2006 Provided L1 & L2 network support for the Houston NOC supporting the Enterprise infrastructure of HP  ? Assisted in developing the Global Network Operations team designing/supporting HP/Compaq consolidated world data centers  ? Introduced HP's Open View monitoring application into Houston NOC and worked with IT and Engineering teams with new device restoration processes to drive improvement in reducing network downtime  ? Developed and implemented SAN fabric solution for in-house secondary storage  ? Improved business processes for 3rd and 4th level support teams working with the Command Center during outage engagement. This work minimized network downtime and improved overall staff morale  ? Project Manager for major infrastructure network related changes within the data centers across the Enterprise  Selected Major Accomplishments:  ? Developed network diagrams of all Houston data centers and trained the NOC staff and management on traffic flow and areas of importance when troubleshooting outages to improve first contact resolution  ? Managed vendor relationships for network data circuits in regards to maintaining the agreed SLA commitments to reconcile financial management  ? Co-developed the Global Network Operations team consisting of members from all of HP's worldwide business offices  ? Refined and improved Service Level Agreements and engagement processes with vendors and in-house support groups in alignment with Key Performance Indicators Branch Manager Paranet - Houston, TX February 1994 to December 1999 Began work as a technical support analyst in a start-up company. Assigned to work onsite supporting customer's network equipment within the Oil & Gas industry providing trading floor oversight and technical support for spot and futures natural gas liquid trading in Houston and Louisiana  ? Promoted to Site Leader and then to Branch Manager providing outsourced consultants to various managed service accounts  ? Managed a branch of 46 Technical Analysts, responsible for all aspects of running the business, from hiring to profit and loss financials for the branch, providing service delivery and responsible to maintain customers' SLAs    United States Navy -Electronic Technician First Class  ? Served as an Electronic Technician First Class on radar and communication systems on both overseas and shipboard locations  ? Final duty station - U.S.S. Enterprise (CVN-65) as leading petty officer of the Combat Systems Communications department with 26 direct reports; honorably discharged Education Black Belt Certification Villanova University Master in Project Manager George Washington University Project Management St. Thomas University Certification Naval Post Graduate School - Monterey, CA