IT Manager/Systems Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Systems Administrator I La Habra, CA Information technology specialist with talent for keeping projects moving on schedule, according to budget  and with the highest quality standards. Results-driven and systematic professional with a big-picture  mentality. Prepared to offer ten plus years of experience to multiple fortune 100 companies as a Consultant. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager/Systems Administrator Fire Net Security, LLC - La Habra, CA January 2018 to Present IT Support and management. Project Manager IQ Logic - Irvine, CA March 2016 to December 2017 • Maintained schedules to ensure that key milestones were being met at every phase.  • Collaborated with the Executives to meet deadlines.  • Managed up to eight plus Enterprise projects per year.  • Directed planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.  • Defined clear targets and objectives and communicated them to other team members.  • Conducted meetings with clients to determine project intent, requirements and budgets.  • Reviewed sales, customer concerns and new opportunities to drive business strategy at weekly  planning sessions. Director of IT Trojan Professional Services Inc - Los Alamitos, CA December 2007 to March 2016 • Directed departmental primary technological objectives to drive production and profitability goals.  • Ensured organizations complied with state and federal privacy and breach notification laws.  • Developed and authored Corporate HIPAA Policy and Procedures.  • Reduced Capital expenses over $70,000 by virtualizing production server environment to MS Hyper V.  • Increased production uptime by 45% leveraging new virtual technology.  • Implemented and maintained Help desk system averaging over two thousand tickets per year.  • Maintained on-site data center uptime of 99.99% monthly uptime.  • Obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. 4 Disciplines of Execution trainer Named "Star of the Quarter" January 2007 to January 2009 Accomplishments  • Installed and managed FM Audit Central system.  • Installed FM Audit at client sites.  • Coordinated Managed Print Services deployments and lease returns.  • Served as a 4 Disciplines of Execution trainer.  • Managed multinational site implantation.  • Named "Star of the Quarter" in 2007/2009/2015.  • Developed and communicated Web site usage and company HIPAA policy and procedures to all users.  • Established policies/procedures for HIPAA compliance completed EHNAC certification.  • Awarded EHNAC Crystal Mark award for HIPAA compliance efforts. Radio Operator / Intelligence Specialist (Sgt.) U.S. Marine Corps. Reserves - Encino, CA January 2000 to January 2008 • Served in Operation Enduring Freedom  • Managed inventory of all cryptographic equipment and radio equipment for Battalion operations Education Bachelor's in Information Security Systems American Military University - Virginia Beach, VA 2019 Aveta Business School - Anaheim, CA 2011 Associate in Liberal Arts East Los Angeles College - Los Angeles, CA 2007 Skills DATA BACKUP (7 years), DISASTER RECOVERY (7 years), FORENSICS (1 year), GHOST (7 years), HELPDESK (10+ years), Project Management (6 years), SDLC, Restoration (7 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/oscarealvarez/ Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Seargent Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ Present CompTIA Network+ Present CompTIA Security+ Present Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Present Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) September 2018 Six Sigma Green belt Present Computer hacking forensics inventigator October 2018 Computer Information Systems Security Professional December 2018 CompTIA Server+ Present Driver's License Additional Information Skills  • Hyper V Management • Computer Forensics  • Spiceworks helpdesk • Network upgrades  • Screen Connect • Disaster Recovery  • Ghost Images • Remote access technology  • Wi-Fi deployments • Data backup and retrieval  • Customer-oriented • Planning and implementation  • Spanish speaking • Project management  • Workflow analysis • Risk management  • Process implementation • Former Secret Clearance