Senior Project engineer Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> engineer Senior Project engineer - GE Johnson Construction Colorado Springs, CO Senior Project Engineer with over 12 years of experience managing multi-million-dollar projects, coordination a workforce team of 90+ subcontractors, perfuming budget allocation and analysis. Aim to leverage considerable experience and efficient expertise into your project management role. Work Experience Senior Project engineer GE Johnson Construction Present Review and interpret the contract document and verify that it does not deviate from the architectural drawings e.g., dimensions for connections, suitable thickness of door frames.  Track submittals to match the Critical Path Method (CPM) schedule to ascertain procurement and delivery of all material for the job.  Review and interpret documents from the architect on an on-going basis. Determine additional costs, the impact to the schedule, etc.  Ascertain a complete and updated contract by logging and tracking all project documentation; e.g. shop drawings, request for information (RFI), architectural supplemental information (ASI), proposal requests, and change orders.  Develop the job schedule by meeting with all subcontractors and assist in developing their schedules. Incorporate subcontractor schedules with job schedule.  Maintain job cost control and verify production quantities by matching invoices to the budget and change orders to the contract.  Participate in and maintain project compliance of activities such as scheduling, quality control, and safety control.  Accomplish project completion (close-out) by securing documents including as-builts, warranties, O&M's, and punch list control. Interpret and understand dates and contract impact regarding lien rights.  Understand and interpret the Operations & Maintenance (O&M) Manual for the customer.  Observe all areas of the construction jobsite in performance of the above duties. Project Manager Excellus Dept of Defense 2012 to 2019 Spearheaded a 12.5 Million Dollar Server infrastructure build- out and upgrade.  Advised the Medical Review Board for the Pentagon on technology, development and design for all projects.  Ongoing accountability for all processes, resources, budgets, forecasts and deliverable related to IT projects. Oversees the team of internal and external IT resources as they plan, track and execute the project from start to completion.  Managed all procurement related activities including quote acquisition, purchase requisition placement, PO and accrual management to achieve project goals. Project Engineer Lockheed Martin 2008 to 2012 Manage all project documentation including Contracts, Drawings, Subcontract, O&M's, Daily Reports.  Processing submittals from vendors to working through revisions and equipment releasing  Tracking and coordinating all equipment deliveries  Assisting Project Managers with monthly billing activities and submitting monthly pay applications  Supporting the field with coordinating RFIs and providing project information  Takes part in preplanning and ensuring project execution  Oversees project cost accounting by issuing and tracking PO's, subcontracts, and change orders  Scheduling and attending project meetings  Communication with General Contractors, Vendors, Subcontractor, and Management Staff.  Request, package, and submit any and all close-out documentation (including IOM's, warranty letters, as-builts/red lines, and to General Contractors Education Masters in UCCS CSU May 2020 Skills Documentation, Accounting, Problem solving Additional Information SKILLS    ? LEADERSHIP  ? DOCUMENTATION  ? ACCOUNTING  ? CONFLICT RESOLUTION  ? PROBLEM SOLVING  ? ORGANIZATION  ? PLANNING  ? COMMUNICATION