IT Help Desk Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Help Desk <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Help Desk Manager - Amtrak/Digital Intelligence Lawrenceville, GA Dear Hiring Manager,    With extensive experience managing telecommunications projects and operations for Comcast, I integrate my technical and leadership skills to deliver results on time and within budget. In my role as Comm Ops Manager, I oversaw 4 teams providing service to our residential and commercial customers. In addition to directing escalation resolution, work order management, customer service and special work order accuracy efforts, I lead special projects to ensure that our internal operations support optimal customer-facing activities.     Having gained invaluable experience in building relationships at all organizational levels to devise, plan, and execute projects for both internal partners and our commercial clients, I am ready to transition into a role solely dedicated to project management.     Please consider the following highlights from my resume:    • Background in project planning, scheduling, customer service and communication to ensure that all stakeholders are on the same page and timelines are met.  • Tapped to oversee recovery efforts after Hurricane recovery, leading projects to repair damaged networks throughout the Comcast territory.  • Led multiple facilities relocation projects, completing on time and within budget to optimize operational continuity.     With specialized expertise in the telecommunications industry, I provide not only team leadership and relationship management skills, I also possess the technical knowledge to deliver on our value proposition.     I would welcome the opportunity to discuss how I will fulfill the unique characteristics of this position. In the interim, I thank you for reviewing this letter and the accompanying material. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Help Desk Manager Amtrak/Digital Intelligence - Sandy Springs, GA August 2018 to Present Manage IT support team of 25 members. Supported employees on all IT trouble shooting or access for software/applications.  • Monitor live and recorded calls  • Create call (Avaya ACD phone system) metric reports to ensure daily/monthly goals are met  • Submit corrective actions or coaching when necessary to improve behaviors  • Create schedules (break, lunch, work) to ensure proper coverage 24/7  • Lead, Develop and Training  • Create KB (Knowledge Base) articles for process improve, Technical writer  • SAP COMMUNICATION OPERATIONS MANAGER COMCAST February 2016 to March 2018 Manage daily operations and special projects to consistently deliver exceptional value to commercial telecommunications  clients. Hire, train, and develop team members across four distinct teams. Oversee escalation resolution via online chat or phone with customers. Work order accuracy team corrected orders prior to the scheduled date. Support residential  and commercial technicians with provisioning, troubleshooting and dispatching while in the field. Identify and implement  efficiencies while achieve service level goals. Monitor, evaluate, and improve team performance in a metrics-driven  environment.  • Strengthened troubleshooting practices and response to increase cancellations of in-person technician services,  generating profits and enabling return of 15 in-house positions previously outsourced.  • Oversaw major office relocation projects, managing contractors, timelines, logistics, facilities, and IT to facilitate  a smooth transition.    • Selected to direct post-storm recovery efforts to resolve network damage.  • Guided team to surpass escalation resolution standards, outperforming 80% metric by 9 percentage points.  • Instituted work order management practices to ensure seamless coordination among technicians. COMCAST - Norcross, GA December 1999 to March 2018 COMMUNICATION OPERATIONS SUPERVISOR COMCAST April 2004 to February 2016 Promoted to lead over 100 dispatchers (60+ internal team members and 40+ contractors) supporting activities of over 500  communications technicians. Liaised with management teams, division leadership, and cross-functional partners to facilitate logistics and deliver a seamless customer experience. Transitioned into role supervising commercial technical  support operations in a high-volume environment in 2011. Trained and coached a 28-member team on customer service,  technical skills, and company standards.  • Orchestrated logistics to provide troubleshooting services and provisioning to all commercial clients.  • Steered team to meet and exceed all key performance indicators.  • Led team to uphold corporate performance standards for call volume, time-to-resolution, and outage  restoration timelines.  • Engineered, installed, and serviced residential internet networks (both static and dynamic) in compliance with local and federal requirements.  COMCAST, ~~~~~~~~~~~    • Helped expand accounts by leveraging product and service knowledge and applying a consultative approach to client relationships.  • Developed and implemented new policies and procedures to improve efficiency and service levels.  • Oversaw service center relocation project from Decatur, GA to Tucker, GA, and managing logistics to minimize  disruption and maintain operational continuity.  • Created reporting to monitor our inbound customer support line for Service Level and Average Call Handle Time  (AHT). TEAM LEAD | TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE SPECIALIST COMCAST July 2000 to April 2004 Transitioned into role charged with identifying, troubleshooting, and resolving network issues. Responded to outages and service interruptions, liaising with service and maintenance personnel to accelerate resolution. Promoted to oversee team of technicians responding to client service requests.  • Coached and supervised technicians, allocating resources to sustain high performance.  • Produce accurate service and maintenance reporting to streamline logistics and route support staff. COMMERCIAL PROJECT MANAGER COMCAST December 1999 to July 2000 Oversaw new T1 circuit installation projects for commercial clients. Served as principal point of contact to assist clients  with additional features, technical issues, and service needs. Partnered with internal engineering, provisioning, and installation teams to exceed service and quality goals. Coordinated circuit installation and testing with BellSouth and  Media One. Led and developed technical team members.  • Provided responsive, tailored assistance to customers, driving account expansion, increasing profits, and enhancing customer satisfaction.  • Collaborated with internal partners and vendors to deliver seamless installations and service upgrades,  consistently delivering projects on time and within budget. PROJECT MANAGER CONVERGENT COMMUNICATIONS - Atlanta, GA 1994 to 1999 Coordinated telecommunications service installation projects. Oversaw 10-member installation team. Liaised directly with customers. Trained groups of employees on customers' sites prior to installation. Analyzed sales orders to identify unique  requirements and determine required equipment. Managed multiple concurrent projects to strict timelines. Education ASSOCIATE OF SCIENCE in BUSINESS MANAGEMENT SHORTER UNIVERSITY Skills Active directory (Less than 1 year), Amdocs (Less than 1 year), billing (Less than 1 year), budget. (Less than 1 year), telecommunications (7 years), Help Desk, Service Desk, Desktop Support, Tech Support, MAC, Helpdesk Support, MSP, VPN (10+ years) Additional Information • Technical Proficiencies: Remedy Ticketing System, CSG Customer Intelligence and Amdocs/Comtrac (billing system),  Business Element Manager, Number Portability Administration Center (NPAC), PathTrak (troubleshooting),  DOCSIS/HSD Tools, WatchTower, Einstein360, IMS, BTS, ICOMs, Microsoft office    AREAS OF EXPERTISE:  Telecommunications Projects - Project Planning & Execution - Client Service Delivery - Budget Administration  Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) - Project Scoping & Scheduling - Resource Allocation - Team Supervision  Quality Assurance - Workflow Management - Compliance - Process Improvements - Cross-Functional Partnerships  Active Directory