PMO Advisor PMO Advisor PMO Advisor Hackensack, NJ Highly effective and result-driven professional with over 20 years of Project, Product and Release Management  experience in Information Technology and Pharmacy Benefits Management fields. Confident and proactive  leader with a proven track record of driving all phases of large-scale IT projects to successful completion.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills for building strong alignment between business, technology  and operational stakeholders. Work Experience PMO Advisor CVS Caremark - Florham Park, NJ March 2018 to April 2019 Responsible for auditing health of the PBM portfolio utilizing custom reports and metrics. Performed analysis, provided actionable recommendations and led to issues resolutions by collaborating with responsible stakeholders.  ? Analyzed and audited portfolio performance against the goals by creating custom reports and utilizing  metrics dashboard  ? Addressed risks in Supply/Demand and Planned/Actual areas with responsible team leads  ? Supported new initiatives and Ad Hoc requests such as resource ramp up and ramp down and annual  planning activities  ? Managed budget reallocation process, including meeting agenda and minutes, approvals and reporting  ? Created and managed Opportunity SharePoint site for tracking projects through planning and approvals  ? Produced Monthly Walk files to ensure that the checkbook is balanced  ? Streamlined Clarity generation of custom reports, reducing manual intervention by 80%  ? Led Engagement activities, such as iSuggest, Lessons Learned and Tip of the Month  ? Organized and tracked Training Sign-up and Contractor Conversion activities Senior Project Manager, IT EXPRESS SCRIPTS - Franklin Lakes, NJ January 2012 to August 2017 Lead a global change management team in planning, prioritization, monitoring and deployment of over  60 applications on various platforms, including e-Service Delivery, Interactive Voice Recognition, Business to Consumer, Mail Service Pharmacy, and Point of Care. Transformed Release Management process from SharePoint  to orchestrated platform using JIRA/XL Release. Adapted company-wide change management process to Agile  Software Development Methodology.  ? Managed risk, collisions and dependencies between concurrent release cycles for CICS/Batch, Unix, DataPower, Broadvision and Sofia based applications  ? Lead company-wide effort to migrate developed and implemented standards to Agile Methodology  ? Developed new process flow in ServiceNow system in order to streamline Change Management process by systematically tracking required milestones and approval  ? Coordinated upcoming changes at the Change Advisory Board by insuring that all required artifacts and approvals have been logged in the ServiceNow  ? Oversaw release deployments to ensure timely implementation within allocated window and with minimal  disruption to production environment  ? Developed and enforced standards for production validation procedures  ? Facilitated root cause analysis and implementation of preventative measures  ? Created reports and presentations for IT and business partners to illustrate processes, workflows and failure points in order to drive meaningful measures for quality and process improvements IT Development Manager MEDCO HEALTH - Franklin Lakes, NJ April 2006 to January 2012 Managed a global team of software engineers on multiple development projects for Mail Service Pharmacy system throughout various stages of SDLC. Oversaw scheduling, technical direction, project planning and standard  development practices. Ensured that projects were delivered on time and within budget.    ? Managed analysis, design, development, testing, implementation and maintenance stages of development  cycle  ? Coordinated complex deployment paths through various project stages and multiple environments  ? Ensured that all production deliverables adhered to Compliance standards  ? Interfaced with various users and business leads in order to understand requirements and translate them  into technical specifications  ? Developed and maintained detailed project plan with milestones and roll out plan for multiple projects of various complexity, cost and time-constraints  ? Tracked critical paths and dependencies between various applications  ? Balanced project staffing plans based on the estimated level of effort to properly level resources Senior Application Architect MEDCO HEALTH, Franklin Lakes, N May 1990 to April 2006 Lead a team of up to 12 developers in supporting various upgrades for the Mail Service Pharmacy system.  Liaison between business users and development team for cross-functional projects.    ? Analyzed and interpreted business requirements into technical specifications  ? Provided design solutions and created technical documentation  ? Developed new features for Master Files, Managed Care and Customer Service application  ? Supported all phases of design, development, testing and implementation  ? Mitigated production issues Senior Programmer Analyst MUTUAL OF NEW YORK - Teaneck, NJ March 1988 to May 1990 Supervised up to 5 team members in developing and enhancing online and batch functions for the Human  Resources system.    ? Developed online and batch subsystems for the Human Resource system.  ? Provided production support, user guidance and documentation for the implemented software.  ? Supported issue resolution for implemented software  ? Implemented online Journaling for activity tracking and debugging purposes Senior Programmer Analyst CHASE MANHATTAN BANK - New York, NY June 1986 to March 1988 Developed online and batch subsystems for the Master Files application. Provided production support, user  guidance and documentation for the implemented software.    ? Coded, tested, implemented and supported various upgrades for the Cash Management, Account  Reconciliation, Automated Services and other financial systems.  ? Developed procedures and supervised implementation of CICS Journaling for the on-line systems. Education Fashion Institute of Technology Skills Sharepoint, Pmp, Jira, Systems development, Visio, Life cycle, Sdlc, Remedy, Business process improvement, Process improvement, Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Word Additional Information Skills  ? Project Management (PMP)  ? Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  ? Cross-functional team leadership  ? Business process improvement  ? Microsoft Word, Excel, Office, Project, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio  ? Clarity, SharePoint, Service Now, Remedy, JIRA, XL Release