INDEPENDENT BUSINESS CONSULTANT INDEPENDENT BUSINESS CONSULTANT Technical Management Professional Parker, CO TECHNICAL MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL  Program Management / Operations Management / Project Management  Goal-oriented Telecommunications Management Professional with a strong record of excellence building support operations, delivering services to customers, driving process improvements, and developing highly productive teams in Customer Support, Service Order and Delivery, and IT Project Management. I leverage entrepreneurial drive, customer focus orientation, and effective project management capabilities to drive successful planning and implementation of the full range of enterprise and mission-critical support activities, including all levels of telecom technical support organizations. I cultivate productive relationships with internal and external stakeholders to optimize process implementation, technical operations and vendor account management and take ownership of project management and team development to consistently support long-term company growth. Work Experience INDEPENDENT BUSINESS CONSULTANT Parker, CO June 2018 to May 2019 Professional consulting for small business owners on process improvements, marketing, technology, and telecommunications upgrades. SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS - Greenwood Village, CO July 2017 to May 2018 Managed enterprise wide core and backbone operations network deployments.  • Project managed phase 1 of the core backbone segment of a new $43M cloud video record/playback platform for a 3rd quarter regional launch.  • Created the project management platform in JIRA/Chalk for the internal PMO organization.  • Successfully recovered two neglected regional internal and external projects that had experienced significant delays, completing both on time and within budget. TECHNICAL ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR AT&T - Centennial, CO June 2015 to December 2016 Provided decisive leadership and direction to Tier 3 VoIP engineers to effectively support the Federal Government U.S. Social Security Administration Unified Communications platform, Department of Justice, and also the city of Dallas call centers. Position required government general security clearance.  • Initiated a full facility remodel and cleanup effort that included a full office space refresh and network data center/warehouse equipment recycling program that removed 20 tons of unused and outdated network equipment. This completed project created enough space for a new Cisco network lab.  • Co-designed a process for trouble ticket deep-dive review sessions that led to a much needed customer account page standardization refresh project.  • Successfully resolved escalations and realized a 10% improvement of total KPI's on service level agreements. TECHNICAL DIRECTOR AT&T MOBILITY/CRICKET WIRELESS - Greenwood Village, CO December 2014 to June 2015 Cricket Wireless Infrastructure Transition Team - responsible for the migration and decommissioning of various telephony, Internet, and VPN data services to integrate the Cricket retail environment with the AT&T Mobility infrastructure.  • Retained as the SME for maintaining 24/7 tracking on the core network, phone systems, and remote Internet access for all retail and administrative facilities, with oversight on a $21 million dollar annual budget.  • Worked with a large transition team that included outside vendors, Network Engineering, Accounting and Finance, and Legal Department during the network infrastructure decommission processes.  • Successfully completed all projects and related tasks on-time, within budget, and ahead of schedule. IT INFRASTRUCTURE OPERATIONS MANAGER AT&T /CRICKET WIRELESS - Greenwood Village, CO June 2012 to December 2014 Enterprise Cisco VoIP Unified Communications team and core backbone operations. Corporate and retail voice and Internet/data connectivity. Vendor/Carrier management. Circuit inventory and network finance management.  • Managed VoIP and network engineers supporting the corporate and retail voice and Telepresence services.  • Project managed the network engineering team in support of the data network backbone, including circuit ordering and delivery, network equipment replacement, and service upgrades.  • Engaged with external service providers for service delivery including MACD orders, billing disputes, and monthly finance reporting, maintained circuit inventory accuracy and ensured consistency in monthly billing. SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER AT&T /CRICKET WIRELESS - Greenwood Village, CO January 2010 to June 2012 • Dedicated subject matter expert assigned to research and reconcile 4000+ circuit records.  • Analyze and reconcile monthly vendor invoice records on a 1.2 million dollar (MRC) circuit inventory.  • Net savings achieved during 2010 exceeded 1.5 million dollars through billing disputes, financial reconciliation, and circuit disconnects. Received the company annual excellence award for this project.  • Managed a network augmentation project to expand Internet traffic capacity in 14 major metropolitan markets, focusing strict attention on financials and overall budget improvement. PROJECT MANAGER TEKSYSTEMS - Greenwood Village, CO September 2008 to January 2010 • Contracted to Cricket Wireless to manage internal projects for the IT Department.  • Successfully managed a SQL server upgrade project from SQL 2000 to SQL 2005 utilizing HP Polyserve enterprise platform.  • Coordinated all relevant activities between IT and Application Development teams.  • Completed a network monitoring system upgrade project utilizing Netscout data flow monitoring equipment.  • Developed a strong working relationship with the company field service team and outside vendors to ensure smooth equipment deployment, activation, and coordination of software training. SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER XO COMMUNICATIONS - Lone Tree, CO April 2006 to August 2008 • Led a team of Project Coordinators responsible for a dynamic workload of 700+ voice and data service changes and upgrades for small to medium size business accounts.  • Proactively conducted root cause analysis and reporting for executive management to identify process improvement opportunities.  • Acted as point of escalation for executive management to address urgent customer circumstances and project course-corrections.  • Assisted program management team to identify process deficiencies, as well as training templates for team development programs. Education BS in Business Management Metropolitan State University - Denver, CO Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Leadership (10+ years), ITIL (2 years), Vendor Management (10+ years), Process Improvements (10+ years), Telecommunications (10+ years), Project Management (10+ years), Program Management (10+ years), Powerpoint, Word, Strategic Planning, budget Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidbutler01 Awards Cricket National Excellence Award 2011-05 Awarded for my work as a project manager on the core backbone network upgrade project. Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundations January 2014 to Present Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Expert May 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/wq-gko-sz4glnct8 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information RELEVANT SKILLS  Extensive computer hardware and software background including: MS Office Suite (20+ years' experience - tested as an advanced/expert user on all programs.), business intelligence, JIRA/Confluence, order tracking and service provisioning software (TBS, Remedy, Siebel and Symphony), REACT - Circuit testing software, ARIN - IP Registration Management, Tellabs 'DACS' - Titan 5500 and 6400 (certified 2002), IBM System 38 mainframe operator, U.S. Government general security clearance(2015).