Scrum Master Scrum Master Marysville, OH Work Experience Scrum Master Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company - Columbus, OH April 2014 to Present Nationwide  Scrum Master • Manage large projects and internal efforts for the agile lines.  • Lead Agile team to support over 20 Enterprise applications through projects and continuous improvement items.  • Support business critical applications including the Informatica ETL suite, FileNet and Docusign.  • Design and maintain project plans and documentation including project scope, work break down and risk documents using a variety of tools including Clarity and RTC.  • Manage day to day activities of project team to budget and schedule using Clarity • Manage day to day work for a mix of 15 employees and contractors • Assist in developing roadmaps for new technology uses and direction • Lead DevOps and test automation change efforts Project Manager IBM - Columbia, MO November 2011 to April 2014 IBM  Project Manager • Lead on and offshore project teams in a matrixed environment - both virtual and in person teams.  • Design and maintain project plans and documentation including project scope, work break down and risk documents.  • Manage infrastructure and security projects for a remote state client.  • Manage relationship with telecommunications sub-contractor • Develop efficient creative solutions to systems and process problems.  • Manage system upgrades. Java Developer INU Technologies - Amherst, TX December 2008 to November 2011 INU Technologies, Amherst TX  Java developer/Team lead • Led on and offshore project teams.  • Designed and maintained project plans and documentation including project scope, work break down and risk documents.  • Developed custom enterprise level Java applications for medical and insurance companies • Designed and developed online payment system for insurance company.  • Updated billing system for an insurance company converting to a DB2 system from VSAM and GUI interface to mainframe environment • Participated in software system reviews, identifying and addressing existing and potential issues and create proactive repairs, upgrades and enhancements for optimal results. IT Manager MetroGroup - Mount Pleasant, IA February 2008 to December 2008 Metrogroup  IT Manager • Contributed dynamic leadership skills in managing mission critical IT projects across multiple businesses/divisions while leading and motivating 23 IT staff, playing an instrumental role in the development of top performing team members.  • Reported to senior executives on status of IT projects and strategic plan.  • Managed IT vendors from RFP through acceptance of deliverables.  • Administered SharePoint site for company.  • Strategically defined, developed and executed corporate-wide hardware and software standards instrumental to boosting productivity, efficiency and quality of multi-site operations.  • Applied IT expertise, as well as administrative talents, toward strategically developing and implementing policies and processes that optimized containment of threats, risks and vulnerabilities compromising computing environment integrity.  • Steered the structuring and implementation of results-driven information system policies and procedures as well as the selection, procurement, installation, configuration and maintenance of servers, workstations and other computer hardware, substantially improving performance. Lead IT Application Analyst Principal Financial Group - Des Moines, IA May 2005 to February 2008 Principal Financial Group  Lead IT Application Analyst • Led project to develop an ERP system using Informatica, Business Objects, Java, DB2 stored procedures and a DB2 warehouse. This was a first of its kind project for the company.  • Manage vendor relationships from RFP through end of project and continue to maintain contacts with key vendors.  • Exhibited solid leadership qualities in managing development teams of 5-15 people for various projects, with strong focus on optimizing productivity, efficiency and performance.  • Led project to install and customize security and project management applications for the Pune India office. This involved working with offshore project team.  • Demonstrated advanced communication and interpersonal relation skills in building, establishing and managing key vendor relationships from request for proposal through ongoing support of applications.  • Conducted comprehensive review and analysis of industry trends and technologies to maintain up to date systems for corporate security and project management departments.  • Improved efficiencies, security and best practices by directly training, mentoring and motivating employees. Software Developer III NCS PEARSON - Iowa City, IA December 1998 to May 2005 NCS Pearson  Software Developer III • Managed software system reviews, identified and addressed existing and potential issues and created proactive repairs, upgrades and enhancements for optimal results.  • Innovatively designed, developed and implemented COBOL programs to print images captured by ePEN, directly resulting in increased efficiency, a reduction of 150 man-hours of work per cycle and eliminated the need to handle documents after the scanners read them.  • Automated file creation through the design and execution of COBOL programs, resulting in a repeatable process and an approximate reduction of 20 hours development time.  • Collaboratively worked with senior management and cross-functional teams to develop best practices and standard operating procedures. Education MS in Applied Computer Science Dakota State University M.B.A. in Management of Information Systems University of Iowa B.S. in Computer Science Iowa State University Skills Java (3 years), Project Management (10+ years), IT Management (10+ years), Agile (6 years), DevOps (1 year), Microsoft Office (10+ years), SQL (10+ years), CSM, Scrum Master, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Jira, PMP, Certified Scrum Master, Kanban, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Customer Service, Exchange, Vmware, Excel, Active Directory, Vendor Management Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) December 2003 to December 2018 CSM July 2015 to December 2018