Process Expert/ Project Manager, E Process Expert/ <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, E Process Expert/ Project Manager, E - Trade Jyvhyshkarr has several years working in multiple positions as a Project Manager, Process Expert, and HR Assistant. Obtaining a duel M.B.A in Management Information System and Human Resource Management. Jyvhyshkarr has the passion, drive, and attitude to bring a positive turn around to any company. Specializing in relationship management and team work proficiency to promote productivity in an efficient manner. Designed, Planned, Implemented, Monitor & Controlled and Closed various applications by developing skills to improve company goals in an innovative and technical style. Work Experience Process Expert/ Project Manager, E Trade - Jersey City, NJ January 2018 to Present • Execute a macro to expand financial department's compliance reports.  • Execute compliance requirement reviews to ensure activities to external agents within the conditions of internal/external  compliance requirements; REG SHO 204 rule and CNS fail fulfillments.  • Monitor & controlling trades status reports that have a high probability to fail through SIAC, Segregation Deficit, & SIAT  reports by appropriate recalls.  • Contribute to the lessoned learned close out processes of Issues, kills, returns, and canceling loans and borrows for regulatory compliance purposes. HR Official/ Project Planner NJIT - Newark, NJ January 2017 to July 2017 • During the initiation of the project; conducted exploratory of labor, immigration and employee relations matters.  • Orchestrated multiple management department meetings to ensure US immigration compliance.  • Designed, initiated, planned, executed and monitored HR generalist training initiatives and policy development for the University. IT Project Manager ADP LLC - Roseland, NJ July 2015 to September 2016 • Planned, executed, monitored & controlled, closed and updated multiple applications through portfolio management.  • Executed and monitored & controlled client & business development request through various infrastructure project phases, including planning, IT build, Production & development systems, and system rollout.  • Designed, initiated, planned, and delivered development project plans for application patches & release updates to the deployment engineering and release coordination team.  • Agile scrum project management, designed and managed change orders, maintained, schedule and track sprints project  plans for deliverables across the board.  • Designed, initiated and planned mitigations for user acceptance testing through Support break/fix, maintenance and operational changes (reboots, production-only changes)  • Identified impacts and resources for work requests for wholesale organization. Human Resources Assistant/ Project Coordinator Anne Fontaine - New York, NY December 2014 to June 2015 • Designed, initiated, planned, executed, and monitored & controlled various job descriptions, recruiting initiatives, background checks, meetings, interviews, online investigation requests and on-boarding processes.  • Initiated and planned committee meeting to analyze compensation process for the increase of employee salary by 4%.  • Implemented employee's payroll; benefits; severance packages; and termination process. Sales Associate SMCP - Short Hills, NJ March 2014 to November 2014 • Built and managed client relationships and expectations through personal interaction and attention to details which brought in over $100,000.00 in gross revenue to store expectations in an eight months span.  • Achieved financial objectives by executing plans on annual budgets; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions and meeting deadlines.  • Planned, executed, monitor & controlled, and prioritized store operations such as customer service; prevent shoplifting;  visual merchandising; training programs; and financial analysis. (Including; cash handling and refunds & returns). Sales Associate Michael Kors - Paramus, NJ August 2012 to March 2014 Planned, managed and trained employees on store operations; customer service; shoplifting prevention; store values  and visual merchandising. (Including; cash handling and refunds & returns).  • Executed and monitor & controlled stores floor set for the seven different fashion season of the company. Administrative Assistant/ Project Coordinator Claire Caring Institute - Elizabeth, NJ May 2007 to July 2012 Planned and developed systems and procedures to improve the operating quality and efficiency by researching market trends as a result company was able to increase student enrollments.  • Cultivated and maintained excellent business relations with partnering agencies to increase client satisfactory.  • Designed, initiated, planned and managed operational & fiscal activities, prepared cost analysis & quarterly and annual report.  • Monitored the HIPAA health care application process through the introduction of innovation in training. Education Master of Business Administration in Management Information System Saint Peter's University - Jersey City, NJ May 2017 Master of Business Administration in Human Resources Management Saint Peter's University - Jersey City, NJ November 2016 Bachelor of Science in International Business & Trade Saint Peter's University - Jersey City, NJ May 2012 Skills Ms project, Sharepoint, Visio, Data center, Jira, Planview, Service desk, Windows 10, Windows 7, Windows 8, Excel, Ms visio, Macos, PM, Waterfall, PMP, Waterfall, PM, Information Technology, ITILv4, PMP, Project Management, CSM Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) April 2019 to April 2022 ITIL v4 May 2019 to Present Assessments CRM Skills with Salesforce — Proficient June 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/y-pgawcqzuqnaqvl Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, MacOS  Software: PlanView, SharePoint, MS One Note, MS Project, CA Service Desk, Data Center, JIRA, MS Visio, Excel, Taleo, Banner.