Network Engineer Network Engineer Network Engineer Oceanside, CA LAN/WAN  I am a loyal company man driven by leadership and growth. I have many talents in the Networking  Hospitality field as well as the Networking field. I have worked in the IT Industry for over Cisco Routing  20 years. I am a great team builder and motivator. I have management and training Cisco VOIP  experience and would like to find something that fits my talents and skill set. Cisco Unity  Cisco Switching  Cisco Wireless Meraki Work Experience Network Engineer Vista/XP - Mira Mesa, CA 2017 to Present OSX MAC  Windows Server  Xceptional: Network Engineer responsible for trouble shooting tickets using 2003/2008/2012/2016  Exchange Server  Connect Wise for MSP clients. MSP clients include medium to large corporations, 2003/2007/2013/2016  multiple locations and some government contractor clients. Healthcare and bio MS Office Suite Project Coordinator DevOps 2017 to January 2017 Instances. Worked with IAM, S3, Cloud Front, and Route 53. Worked with App Dynamics A/V Lead Technician  Monitoring Application. Focused on Training for DevOps role. Training for Linux Director/Producer for  Administration, AWS, DevOps, Puppet Administration.  Corporate Events Network Engineer Wireless Systems 2015 to 2017 IPHONE IOS  Systems. Android Device  UPC Backup Power  Virus Removal  Network Engineer to (DevOps Engineer Jr Level) 2015 - 2017 Security / Spam IT support Maintenance Net Purchased by Cisco Systems Inc - Carlsbad, CA August 2015 to August 2015 Carlsbad, California Documentation IT Glue  Video Security Devices  Maintenance Net: Started as Network Engineer supporting office with over 110 users. AWS Skills:  Maintaining on Premise and Co-Location Server environment. Installed hardware and EC2  setup Laptops / Desktops. Level 1 and 2 IT support for Office. Responsible for Daily IAM  Backups, setting up Users, Managing Licenses, IT Support. S3  Cloud Front  Route 53  Cisco: (Cisco Impact Team) Helped Cisco Engineers build out the Server room after acquisition. Setup Wi-Fi, Copier, Cisco IP phones, Integrated Video conferencing DX and Certifications  MX Units. Setup VPN connections. Migrate all 110 users onto the Cisco Platform. Provide A+ Certificate  IT support on to the new Cisco Environment. MCSE NT 4.0 Production Support Manager Data Bank IMX - Sacramento, CA 2014 to 2015 Data Bank: Supported Office with over 80 Users. Worked with customers to ensure that  projects were delivered on time. Daily responsibilities included maintaining servers and workstations. Installing and setting up high volume scanners. Technical liaison to sales  staff working with clients on upcoming projects. Focused on Security and Secure FTP  transfers. IT Director Alizadeh Enterprises - Roseville, CA 2005 to 2014 Alizadeh Enterprises: Daily IT Director Duties include Maintaining Server hardware, Windows tech firms Microsoft Azure January 2003 to January 2007 2015  Office 365  Microsoft Azure  Trouble shooting tickets for Wireless issues, Networking issues, Hardware issues, Platinum  software issues. Setting up and terminating users. Trouble shooting Office 365 Abra Suite  issues, Azure server installations. Managing Meraki installations. Installing BlackBerry Enterprise  Blackberry Devices IT Specialist Diablo Retail Systems - Concord, CA 2004 to 2005 Diablo Retail Systems: Sales support Engineer. Responsible for implementing of POS software for restaurants. Worked with clients to help install and support hardware / software for restaurants.  Installed credit card software and worked with merchant services to get clients up and running.  Provided 24/7 support for clients. Using my experience, I was able to save the clients' money on contracts by negotiating contracts with the merchant services group. IT Specialist Golden Gate Doughnuts - Sacramento, CA 2000 to 2004 Krispy Kreme Doughnuts: I supported 17 locations, some travel was required. Built and maintained severs related to daily operations. Microsoft Exchange, Blackberry Enterprise Server,  Micros HQ Server, FTP Server, and Remote access. Supported Local corporate office as well as remote users. Fixed and repaired laptops, Desktops, Printers and blackberries to save the  company money. I started the company when we had 5 locations. I helped to build 12 more  locations. This included reading plans and making sure that all IT contractors stayed on task to complete their jobs before or on opening day. I also helped setup and installed the POS systems,  Video surveillance, Audio Systems, Alarm systems, And Setting up the Cisco Routers to connect  back the corporate office. Director, I Cisco Wireless Aironet Devices 2003 to 2003 2003 -2008 Server, Built and Supported Microsoft Exchange Cluster environments, Exchange 2003 and 2007. Supported and maintained Cisco VOIP Phones System, Cisco Wireless Aironet Devices.  Supporting Blackberry and smart phone users, Supporting Remote Users Laptops and Server  connections. Installing and maintaining Printers, Fax, Copiers, Televisions, Projectors and Video  Surveillance. As Director, I am responsible for all IT contracts which include Telephone lines,  Internet, Copier Contracts and anything that falls under the IT umbrella. Supporting over a 100+  restaurant environment. I am well trained in empathy, patience, and problem solving.    Daily Hospitality IT Duties. Support multiple restaurant chain POS systems. Support Hardware,  Software. Work with contractors when building restaurants to ensure that IT portion is built to owner specification and is on plan. Provide 24/7 support for restaurants. Experience in multi-unit  chain restaurants, full serve and quick serve. Install and support Alarm system, Video surveillance, and audio systems. Education Certification in Course Computer Education Institute - Riverside, CA 1996 to 1998 High school or equivalent Skills IT Management, Active Directory, VoIP, Citrix