IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - BOLONGO BAY BEACH RESORT St. Thomas, VI Work Experience IT Manager BOLONGO BAY BEACH RESORT - St Thomas, VI June 2019 to Present Utilize and implement application of standard business best practices in relation to information technology. Deliver active functional support to ongoing operations in a production environment and guarantee availability of services, while maintaining systems as well as planning for future expansion, upgrades, maintenance and configuration. Manage all the aspects of service process including but not limited to point of sale, property management systems, retail sales, VOIP PBX, switch management, wireless technology, windows 2003-2012 server administration, backup management, and firewall and network management active directory and layer 1 to 3 network infrastructure support and design.  • Leveraged astute technical skills in upgrading wireless systems, configuration of firewalls added more security, rebuild camera systems, property management systems, and POS systems. Network / Telecommunication Engineer GSB- GLOBAL SERVICES BUSINESS - St Thomas, VI 2019 to Present Develop expert level of knowledge and understanding regarding systems and recommendations for improvements. Supervise projects operations from inception to completion with the collaboration of several departments. Ensure the smooth running of process by maintaining high level of response to high priority situations and maximize flexible schedule to include nights and weekends. Execute all critical decision on a strategic business level to maximize benefit/ROI vs. investment in technology. Advise and guide user through the utilization of enterprise level application of active directory, group policy, access rights and domain management. Render exceptional tier III support to all end users. Conduct and execute updates, patches, maintenance when most convenient for property. Steer efforts toward maintaining daily and monthly backups as well as store off-site in addition to disaster prevention backups. Credit for installing, troubleshooting, and maintaining wired devices, connections, and infrastructure.  • Enhanced the integrity and efficiency of all IT systems, including email, voice, data, and financial transactions for smooth and reliable access.  • Negotiated, secured, and closed contracts and licensing for software, hardware, and vendors, while ensuring the compliance under terms of use.  • Increased senior management decision-making process by designing and documenting all IT related processes.  • Played a vital and essential role in recording and logging all events and requests for support for historical data and trends using Spiceworks help desk. Senior IT Engineer /Senior Network Support Engineer/ Project Manager ROSS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF MEDICINE - DM 2009 to 2018 Oversaw the installation, configuration, and alignment of all network infrastructure equipment such as Cisco routers and firewalls and switches, as well as physical/virtual Windows 2008 servers. Configured and installed all desktops, laptops and network printer/ camera. Tackled the evolving challenges by supporting the backup and recovery operations. Built, defined, and formulated test disaster recovery plans and procedures. Initiated adequate system of internal control by creating, delineating, and enforcing policies for IT operations. Planned and managed the migration of over 3000 machines from windows XP to windows 7. Upheld superior level of expertise in maintaining and troubleshooting L2/l3 LAN switches such as Cisco 2960x/ Cisco 3750 Series/3850 series. Executed comprehensive routine network maintenance checks as well as configure and manage printer's copiers, and other miscellaneous network equipment.  • Regarded as a core individual and provided recommendation regarding the purchase of new systems by using procurement best practices.  • Assessed the impact of system performance and recommended continuous improvements.  • Created a successful bid proposal and documents as well as exhibited keen eye for details during reviewing and revising contracts and proposals as per set specification.  • Revitalized and optimized performance and efficiency by troubleshooting Cisco Routers, Switches, Voice Gateways, Gatekeepers, CUCM, and Unity Connection.  • Drove continuous process improvement by analyzing, designing, configuring, supporting, and implementing LAN/WAN networks, VoIP networks, Cisco Unified Communications, IT telephony networks, and VPN.  • Commended by senior management for exemplary performance and received promotion to project manager role to devise, schedule and execute all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations Education Master of Science in Network & Communications Management DeVry University Bachelor of Science in Network & Communications Management DeVry University Asc Dominica State College Skills Active directory, Aironet, Cisco, Lan/wan, Router, Switching, Vmware, Data center, Wireless, Firewall, Routing protocols, Sip, Maestro, Linux, Change management, Property management, Budgeting, Project scheduling, Windows 10, Windows 7, IT Management, Network Administration, Vendor Management, Strategic Planning, Customer Service, Excel, Exchange, Citrix, VoIP, SQL, Disaster Recovery, HTML, SQL, VoIP, Disaster Recovery, HTML, Itil Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-bontiff-msc-ccna-b4941495 Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Technologies:  CISCO, Data Center, LAN/WAN, ROUTING PROTOCOLS, SIP protocol/voice network, PBX, Fiber Optic and UTP cable installation, Cisco routing and switching, , VMware, Windows Server, Active Directory, Linux Server, Project Management, Project Scheduling, Team Building & Leadership, Project Budgeting & Cost Controls, Windows migration (windows 7 & windows 10), Fluke Networks DSX-5000 Versiv Cable tester, Change management, Cucm, Cisco unity, CME, CUE, ServiceNow, DAPTIV, Exacqvision, Cisco Aironet Wireless, Cisco Meraki cloud, E-College, LMS Routing protocols, SonicWall Router, SonicWall Firewall, Property management system, Maestro, Silverware, POS systems, Point of sale, Ubiquiti Networks -Unifi,