Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> AVP - Stae Street Corporation, MA Quincy, MA ? Single accountable party for defining, planning, orchestrating, and delivering a given strategic initiative  ? Directs large-scale, complex projects often involving multiple internal and external constituents and matrix partners  ? Accountable for one or more initiatives including business, operational, and IT scope  ? Defines and tracks project milestones while developing, maintaining, and reporting on an overall integrated delivery plan  ? Develops the project/program charter, integrated project plan, resource plan(s), and other related project management artifacts  ? Directly manages all aspects of the project life cycle and works with matrix IT partners to oversee all Solution Development Lifecycle (SDLC) phases of a project  ? Rigorously manages scope to ensure commitments are achieved within agreed upon time, cost, and quality parameters  ? Creates and maintains project financials including forecasts and budgets  ? Develops and manages communication plans to ensure all stakeholders are kept informed  ? Serves as a project Subject Matter Expert (SME) routinely briefing key stakeholders on different aspects of assigned initiatives  ? Represents the project in various project governance and cross-department forums  ? Publishes periodic project status reports  ? Chairs regular core team project and status meetings and any steering or operating oversight committees to review progress with key constituents  ? Ensures end results are of the highest caliber with a clearly articulated scope and quantifiable business benefit  ? Proposes recommendations and adjustments to project delivery and related solutions throughout the life of the initiative  ? Highly organized and excellent multi-tasking skills. Managed multiple high-profile projects in parallel.  ? Expertise in cross functional team management and working with relevant stakeholders to deliver the business products with various priorities and good experience in working with operations team to ensure a smooth transition of projects into production.  ? Good experience in vendor relationship management for required software and hardware procurement for the team and FTE/Contract resources.  ? Comprehensive experience in collecting and analyzing Quality Metrics and creating business value with mature QA Practices.  ? Experience in HP Quality Center (ALM) administration, including setting up roles, permissions for QC users, customization of entities, developing templates and customized reports.  ? Providing guidance and training for project resources with the best practices and processes for usage of HP Quality Center/ALM  ? Test Strategy development and implementation that encompasses all phases of the software development lifecycle and test areas including system test, unit, regression, load, performance, automation and acceptance testing.  ? Responsible for hiring, training and coaching QA staff for successful individual and team job performance and professional growth and development. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Cognizant Technology Solutions, MA - Boston, MA May 2010 to Present Team Lead Wipro Technology October 2007 to May 2010 Worked as a Consultant for State Street Corporation, Milton MA. IT QA Lead CSC April 2007 to October 2007 Worked as a Consultant for State Street Corporation, Milton MA. IT QA Engineer CSC December 2005 to March 2007 Software Engineer Prosoft Programs, IN June 2002 to December 2005 Education Bachelor in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering Amravati University Additional Information TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS  Testing Tool Set: HP ALM / Quality Center / Test Director, HP QTP, IBM Rational Clear Quest, Bugzilla, Clear Case.  Databases & DB Tools: Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, MS Access, SQL, PL/SQL, TOAD, JaySQL, WINSQL  Programming & Web Technologies: Java, J2EE, VB.NET, C#, COBOL, ColdFusion, HTML, JSON, SOAP Web Services, ASP.  Operating Systems: Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows 2003, Windows 2008 Server, UNIX, Linux, iOS  Others: MS- Project, MS-Visio, MS-Office, Share Point, SSO tools, Rational Clear Case, Mobile testing, Multibrowser Testing  Scripting Language UNIX shell scripting and Perl