Sr. Project Manager / Business Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst Project Manager / Business Analyst San Jose, CA Work Experience Sr. Project Manager / Business Analyst Apple - Cupertino, CA March 2015 to January 2019 As a member of Global Business Process Reenginnering team, coordinated and led projects for Partner Relationship Management (PRM) suite of applications and BI / Reporting.  • Managed parallel major and minor releases end-to-end for web and mobile applications with multiple integrations. Coordinated production issues resolution for global user base.  • Designed and delivered BI / Reporting solutions on Tableau, Business Objects, ThoughtSpot, custom html Dashboards and other internal reporting platforms.  • Worked with global, cross-functional stakeholders on requirements, prioritization, analysis, solution development, business process improvement and worldwide implementation.  • Designed and implemented solutions optimized for global partners. Sr. Project Manager / Business Analyst Polycom, Inc. - San Jose, CA September 2014 to March 2015 • Led Service track for a global, cross-functional Oracle ERP implementation with multiple interfaces to Siebel using SDLC methodology.  • Managed project life cycle activities (planning, requirements gathering, solution fit, communication, testing, training etc) in a multi-vendor environment. Sr Project Manager, Ad Operations Yahoo Inc - Sunnyvale, CA 2009 to 2014 • Designed and implemented management reporting in Microstrategy and Excel, using multiple data sources (data warehouses, Siebel CRM, Salesforce.com).  • Developed ad hoc Microstrategy and Salesforce.com reports to track initiatives' success and measure KPIs.  • Prepared support applications portfolio to streamline global support processes and designed task tracking in SalesForce.com.  • Managed time critical Customer Data tasks and established Data Quality/Customer Support processes for complex, cross-Organizational Yahoo-Microsoft Search Alliance implementation.  • Developed Customer Data Management multi-phase solution (application & business process changes, data enrichment with Dun & Bradstreet interfaces, data governance, data quality processes, metrics, team  definition) to clean existing customer data and maintain data quality. Analyzed customer data flows and reporting requirements. Director of Operations SOLIVAR, Inc - San Jose, CA 2007 to 2008 Solivar provides software solutions for insurance and healthcare companies. I was responsible for managing US business operations and project management processes.  • Collaborated with offshore teams to design and implement efficient, standardized project management processes to analyze client's business requirements and deliver appropriate services.  • Established sales, back-office processes and conducted periodic financial analysis. Senior Program Manager (Global Sales Operations) SUN MICROSYSTEMS Inc 2000 to 2007 As a member of CRM Program team, coordinated and led multiple concurrent projects in global, cross-functional environment to implement Siebel application aligned with sales processes (account management, opportunity management, forecasting etc) to 5000+ global users. The program had a well-defined roadmap with a series of major and minor releases.    Siebel CRM:  • Coordinated 3 CRM releases to improve application usability and quality. Used standardized release process based on Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  • During Siebel 7.8 upgrade, led analysis, redesign and implementation of 10 interfaces between CRM and boundary applications and 3 batch load processes. Coordinated with boundary application teams to ensure smooth transition. Led multi-vendor, global team including offshore developers.  • Designed and implemented process to improve application quality resulting in reduction of defects by 40% over a period of 18 months. Process included metrics to track quality with periodic reviews, strategic relationship with Siebel, roadmap management for enhancements and product defects.  • Developed proposed boundary systems architecture for CRM indicating high-value interfaces.  • In multiple releases, managed design and implementation of 4 interfaces between CRM and other applications. These interfaces supported existing business processes and enabled more efficient processes.  • Led design and implementation of 3 batch load processes to maintain CRM reference data. These processes were heavily used during first-time deployment to each selling unit and for updates due to business changes.  • Designed and implemented processes to support global user base for user data and reference data maintenance to align with business changes and security requirements. Implemented user data setup process with the offshore vendor resulting in 35% reduction in costs. Trained offshore vendor team.  • Managed Siebel reference data and user data.  Siebel Analytics:  • Led Siebel Sales Analytics 7.8 implementation for CRM Business Intelligence reporting. The release included 50+ BI reports for executive managers, based on out-of-the-box reports or fully customized. Used standardized SDLC release process.  • Interfaced with end-users to define performance criteria and facilitate performance analysis and testing.  • Provided recommendations for Sun and CRM reporting architectures.  • Managed gap analysis of existing reporting tools and proposed Sales Analytics roadmap.  • Coordinated development with multi-vendor team including offshore development team. Resolved communication challenges by setting clear communication guidelines. Principal Project Manager ( IT) SUN MICROSYSTEMS Inc 1998 to 2000 Served as lead PM to develop and implement sales forecasting application to improve global sales forecasting. Managed cross-division, cross-functional, global team during multiple release cycles to develop a web-based, 3-tier, Java application. Project Manager/Sales Systems Architect / Software Engineer ( IT) SUN MICROSYSTEMS Inc 1993 to 1998 Coordinated release management for a 30-person international sales force automation project to develop the next generation of web-based, 3-tier, Java application to be used by Sun's worldwide sales force.  • Developed strategic system architecture & roadmap for sales productivity systems.  • Worked in a cross-functional, inter-division project to provide service quotes with sales quotes, as a part of "Single Face to the Customer" initiative. Implemented interfaces between quoting and configuration systems for Sun's high-end servers.  *** *** ***  Additional experience as Software Engineer with Versant Object Technology, CA and Consilium, CA. Education Bachelor of Electrical Engineering University of Pune - Pune, Maharashtra Leadership, Management UC Berkeley Certifications/Licenses PMI - PMP January 2008 to January 2017 Project Management industry standard methodology SAPM - Stanford Advanced Project Management Present Strategic Project Management , Program Management and Portfolio Management training from Stanford University