Infrastructure Implementation Project Manager, Contractor - Caesars Entertainment Infrastructure Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Contractor - Caesars Entertainment Infrastructure Implementation Project Manager, Contractor - Caesars Entertainment - APEX SYSTEMS Henderson, NV A competent, skilled, results and performance-driven professional with over 18 years of experience, and  a strong record of achievement in providing the necessary Project and IT Operations Management  expertise to ensure streamlined operations, significantly increased proficiency and profitability.    Expertise includes: IT Project Management; Change Management; Logistics Management;  Business Process Improvement; Strategic Planning; Requirements Gathering; Iterative  Development; Project Planning and Development; Documentation; Systems Development Life  Cycle (SDLC); ITIL and IT Security Best Practices    Technical:  Large Computerized Networks, OS: Windows XP/7/10, Mac OS X, Linux  Microsoft Office Suite, Power BI, Visio, Project, Active Directory, SharePoint, ServiceNow, Remedy,  OnTime, Aloha: Point of Sale Hardware/Configuration Center/Aloha Insight    Excellent interpersonal communication, listening and negotiations skills, coupled with the ability to  establish and maintain rapport with all levels of personnel, contractors, IT professionals, and  governmental agencies.    Proven background at highest levels of leadership, team building, planning, organizing, and advanced  problem-solving, all of which realized significant contributions to bottom-line results. Work Experience Infrastructure Implementation Project Manager, Contractor - Caesars Entertainment APEX SYSTEMS - Las Vegas, NV June 2018 to Present • Perform a diverse range of responsibilities to include, but not limited to: "hands-on" management of a large-scale infrastructure transition with a $5 million budget; currently at 2,400 hours of managing project. Coordinated with 40 server management teams which includes approximately 210 Server Architects, Application Developers, IT Support, Security, Networking and Vendor personnel; all of which resulting in highly efficient, and smooth flowing project management operations.  • Solely managed planning phase of project gathering requirements for server upgrades.  • Design project implementation process of Implementation Phase, and provided process of communications improving collection of data while providing both checks and balances of progress to increase overall project performance by 90%, saving approximately 30% in cost and labor.  • Identify risks and obstacles causing delays and failures affecting production progress of newly imaged servers, and obtaining solutions to overcome and adapt to each situation.  • Provide mentorship and counsel to managers enhancing their decision-making process and increasing overall project performance. Infrastructure Implementation Project Manager, Contractor - Desert Radiology CONNECTION - Las Vegas, NV February 2018 to May 2018 • Managed 5 projects simultaneously with a $2.5 million-dollar budget, and directed all phases of infrastructure projects from planning to implementation.  • Identified and corrected performance issues, and followed internal procedures for change management, incident management and escalation purposes.  • Implemented set of comprehensive tracking processes to monitor large scale deployment performance.  • Completed final stages of system operation for deployment to 9 clinics with 220 PC desktops deployed, and 30 remote users. Associate Software Development Project Manager, Contractor - HMS ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS INC - Las Vegas, NV August 2017 to December 2017 • Managed up to 9 projects with potential revenues of 300,000 per month. Provided sole leadership and planned a variety of small scale projects, cross-functional initiatives and operational activities.  • Developed project plans, defined project tasks and resource requirement. Assembled and built out implementation team, and coordinated client implementations from both a business and data/ IT perspective.  • Served as liaison with project stakeholders on a continual basis.  • Produced, managed and executed an internal project to improve Project Manager performance by creating an interface between Microsoft Project and OnTime project tracking system reducing slowdowns with projected savings of $30,000 annually.    2257 Heavenly View Drive • Henderson, Nevada 89014 • 702.883.8604 • robgonavy@yahoo.com IT Project Manager CAPRIOTTI'S SANDWICH SHOP INC - Las Vegas, NV January 2015 to August 2017 • Conducted weekly meetings with President of Capriotti's, Vice President's and Directors pertinent to projects, while providing feedback on both ideas and proposals. Served as an effective liaison between corporate, franchisee and vendors.  • Implemented a solid practical ticketing system reducing trouble ticket backlog by 85%.  • Increased response time to critical issues and request resulting in 95% customer satisfaction earned; saved tens of thousands of dollars in lost revenue due to prolonged down time and late reaction to request.  • Promoted franchisee retention and satisfaction by working with business owners to solve long standing IT issues between corporate and/or vendors.  • Provided value streaming solutions to lower cost of IT operations and corporate operations.  • Conducted strategic cost analysis using our Point of Sale database.    IT Specialist  • Managed daily I.T. operations for end-user and shop level support, and provided updates to Aloha Point of Sale database.  • Implemented a system for disaster recovery and business continuity.  • Normalized database tables in order to procure most accurate cost analysis possible.  • Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules.    PRIOR EXPERIENCE CHRONOLOGY Special Project Technical Support, Contractor - POS, Desktop Support CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT - Las Vegas, NV October 2013 to January 2015 Hospitality Customer Engineer 1 NCR LOCAL- LAS VEGAS - Las Vegas, NV January 2012 to October 2013 POS, Desktop Support, Hospitality Desktop Support Analyst, Contractor - POS, Desktop Support MGM RESORTS INTERNATIONAL - Las Vegas, NV June 2011 to January 2012 Hospitality IT Contractor - IT Service, Repair, Maintenance, Configuration of Network & Host Devices TEKSYSTEMS - Las Vegas, NV October 2008 to June 2011 Education Masters in Business Administration UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX - Las Vegas, NV Skills Strategic Planning Military Service Branch: United States Navy Rank: Petty Officer Second Class