SENIOR IT CLUSTER MANAGER - SOUTHERN REGION SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> CLUSTER <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> - SOUTHERN REGION SENIOR IT CLUSTER MANAGER - SOUTHERN REGION - HILTON Houston, TX Work Experience SENIOR IT CLUSTER MANAGER - SOUTHERN REGION HILTON - Houston, TX August 2014 to Present Based at Hilton Americas-Houston, I also oversee the IT operations of the C. Baldwin Downtown (previously known as the Doubletree Downtown) and Hilton Post Oak hotels in Houston, TX, while working Task Force throughout the southern region of the US when needed. My main objective is to keep the properties compliant with corporate initiatives and to maintain compliance as technologies advance.  • Accomplishments include:  • Installation of EMV (chip and pin) terminals at the Front Desk and Retail Outlets to maintain PCI compliance  • Working together with the Corporate Network team to install and implement physical firewalls to Hilton LAN standards  • Installing and maintaining a "back of house" wireless network for team member use  • Upgrading of onsite Point-Of-Sale systems in accordance with Corporate requirements  • Promoted to Senior IT Manager position 01/2019 (first person in Field IT for Hilton to earn the Senior distinction)  Manager of the quarter – Hilton Americas-Houston – 1st Quarter 2017    • Daily responsibilities include:  • User Desktop Support  • Workstation/Laptop renew/refresh  • Telecom (Avaya 6000 PBX)  • Point-Of-Sale (Micros 3700/9700)  • Soundweb Sound System  • Crestron Lighting System  • Meeting Space Internet  • Wireless and Wired Networking (utilizing Cisco Meraki) SR. SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR/ IT PROJECT MANAGER ROBERTSON ANSCHUTZ VETTERS ("RAV") February 2007 to August 2014 Maintained a 150-user Windows Server 2003/2008/2012, Microsoft Exchange 2007 Domain Network and problem-solved all network and computer equipment problems, including network access control, email, network access security, remote VPN access to organization, network printing (setup, configuration and maintenance), hardware and software related support. This also includes remote (off-site) setup, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance for networks in satellite offices and personal "home" offices for employees in Dallas and Houston areas.  • Accomplishments include:  • Installation of Barracuda Web Filter at Houston location  • Installation of new VOIP phone system - utilizing Logix MPLS system to patch Houston, Austin and San Antonio offices together  • Upgrade and migration of ISP at Houston location from copper-backed internet line to fiber-backed line  • Upgrade and migration of ISP at Austin and San Antonio locations from low-end cable line to high- speed fiber line IT ASSOCIATE/PROGAMMER GREGG & VALBY, L.L.P January 2002 to February 2007 JANUARY 2002-FEBRUARY 2007    Maintained approximately 3500 Real Estate Loan Closing Documents and over a thousand loan programs. Assisted with 80+ different client offices by customizing document packages to meet their needs. Assisted in maintaining a 100-user Windows 2003 Server/Exchange 2003 Domain Network, including off-site setups of LAN networks, which connected to local domain via VPN clients. Supported office staff by overseeing all software and hardware needs PURCHASING OPERATIONS ASSISTANT SYSTEMNET CORPORATION November 2000 to January 2002 Assisted field technicians in a commercial cable-solutions company. Maintained computerized inventory of all supplies. Maintained a network of over 125 users on a company Nextel account including maintenance of units and service issues. Coordinated material pick-up and delivery for all jobs associated with organization. Purchased material for service jobs when needed.    Technical Expertise:  • Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003/2008/2012  • Microsoft Exchange Server 2000/2003/2007/2010  • Microsoft Windows: All released versions  • Microsoft Office: All Products - all released versions  • Networking infrastructure: Hardware, cabling, lower level CISCO routing/VPN support  • Oracle Micros 3700/9700: Hardware related issues, administrative changes in EMC and security  • Meraki Wireless Dashboard and wireless technologies  • BASIC programming: Including Batch file/script file commands  • HP Printing Commands  • Corel Wordperfect 12: Document creation and manipulation, logic based coding  • Basic HTML/XML coding/programming  • PC hardware maintenance: PCI cards, video cards, hard drives, power supplies, motherboards, CD- ROMs  • Telecom tasks: Troubleshooting cable terminations (cat 3 and cat 5), replacing jacks and face- plates, running cabling  • Knowledge of 10-key, fax and copy machine  • Typing speed with accuracy: 70 wpm. Education DIPLOMA LAMAR HIGH SCHOOL 1996 Skills Microsoft Windows Server (all releases) (10+ years), Microsoft Exchange Server (all releases) (10+ years), Microsoft Windows (all releases) (10+ years), Microsoft Office (all releases) (10+ years), Network Administration (10+ years), Oracle Micros 3700/9700 POS (6 years), Meraki Wireless Technologies (6 years), BASIC Programming - Batch file/script commands (10+ years), Telecommunications (10+ years), Structured cabling as pertains to network environments (6 years) Awards Hilton Americas-Houston Manager of the Quarter 2017-04 I received the Hilton Americas-Houston "Front of House" Manager of the Quarter award for the first quarter 2017. This is a rare distinction as I am considered a corporate employee and this is a hotel-based award. The Executive Committee for the hotel voted on it.