Partner Partner Partner - IBM Katy, TX Jeremy is an experienced, innovative & adaptable technology executive with a successful track record of delivering complex business and transformation initiatives. He is a proven leader and excels in building relationships with C-level executives & challenging stakeholders, as well as motivating global teams.    Jeremy has 20 years of experience in Oil and Gas related implementations with a special focus on SAP projects. Jeremy has managed entire project lifecycles including project strategy and planning, requirements gathering, process design, security design, configuration, disaster recovery, (string, integration and UAT testing), user training, cutover approach planning and deployment activities, as well as post go-live warranty and transition to support. Jeremy's skills allow him to quickly develop respectful, productive relationships with co-workers and clients alike. He has always taken pride in becoming an immediate asset in whatever job or project he's involved. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Partner IBM September 2015 to Present Responsible for creating the technology approach and strategy for top energy companies using SAP Production Revenue Accounting and supporting applications.    As a Partner for IBM I developed the global Go-to-Market strategy for Upstream Hydrocarbon Accounting and developed the PRA as a Service model that utilizes IBM's extensive cloud infrastructure and the Watson cognitive computing platform.    I am currently working to develop IBM's Enterprise as a Service model. EaaS is a world-class way to deploy IBM's industry leading products and services within a flexible Opex driven cost model that gives our customers the ability to meet changing IT demands.    • Reviewed current upstream practice and developed a GTM strategy utilizing IBM's strengths  • Assembled internal teams to build a delivery model and center of excellency  • Responsible for $20 million net new revenue in the first 12 months. Sr. Manager Accenture June 2014 to September 2015 As a Senior Manager for Accenture I managed a critical re-planning effort for a 2 billion dollar oil and gas IPO and helped to organize the delivery team to achieve the deadlines and meet all requirements. In addition I was also a member of the Client Leadership Team and worked to find and staff skilled resources, manage annual performance reviews and build good team cohesion for a $100m account. In addition I managed an internal effort to build a product line for Mid-tier oil and gas companies in the Production Revenue Accounting module of SAP.    • Lead RFP preparations for $12 million dollar contract  • Assembled several 10-15 consultant teams to deliver IT requirements.  • Managed development of $65 million dollar multi-team work plan and deployment strategy.  • Managed vendor and business stakeholder relations  • Managed a critical re-planning effort for a 2 billion dollar oil and gas IPO Sr. SAP Program Director Halliburton - Houston, TX August 2013 to June 2014 Project Completed    As a Sr. SAP Program Manager for Halliburton I led multiple onshore and offshore teams to deploy several successful projects within Halliburton's internally developed SAP application named AMI (Asset Management Integration). In addition I deployed a series of major enhancements to their GTS module within SAP and managed financial reporting and monthly leadership updates. Ensured all Halliburton's procedures and methodologies were being followed. Managed internal employees and external consultants    • Managed financial reporting and monthly leadership updates  • Ensured all Halliburton's procedures and methodologies were being followed  • Completed 4 large deployments  • Managed internal employees and external consultants  • Deployed SAP GTS enhancements to all logistics users SAP Program Manager BP - Houston, TX February 2009 to August 2013 As a Sr. SAP Program Manager for BP I deployed CATS time entry (SAP HR) module for the entire company and deployed a series of projects as part of the 1b and 2a PRA Strategy Program. In addition, I worked to build on-shore and off-shore expertise for a niche specialty within SAP's PRA module. I provided guidance on overall testing strategy and deployment approach.    • Managed vendor and business stakeholder relations  • Improved team cohesion between all vendors and service providers  • Managed $50 million program budget with over 50 team members  • Managed all aspects of financial reporting  • Ensured all BP procedures and methodologies were being followed  • Completed 9 deployments over approximately 3 years  • Deployed SAP CATS portal to 60,000+ employees Mobil Sr. SAP Project Consultant Exxon - Houston, TX October 2008 to February 2009 Contract - Project Planning Phase Completed    As a Sr. SAP Project Consultant for Exxon Mobil I have completed the project P&B (Planning and Budgeting) forecast for a 450 million dollar portfolio of downstream SAP projects. I also designed and executed the estimating process for stage 3,4 and 5 activities as well as the resourcing plan, demand forecast and risk analysis.    • Designed WBS for time writing system  • Completed initial P&B forecast  • Developed complete estimating and resourcing process and tool sets  • Completed Risk analysis and Monte Carlo simulations to recommend contingency levels  • Developed multi project dependent project plan Sr. SAP Project Manager Shell Chemical August 2007 to October 2008 Contract - Project Completed    As a Sr. SAP Project Manager for Shell chemical I successfully completed 9 projects during my contract. The project budgets ranged from 350k to 1.9mm. Every project was on-time delivery and under budget. Of the 9 projects approximately half were SAP development projects with a full SDLC while the remainders were implementation projects. My project team consisted of internal Shell staff as well as embedded contractors and off-shore developers. I managed each project from stage 1 through to completion including; Requirements gathering with the business organizations, estimating costs for demand council approval, selecting a working team and steering council, creating and maintaining all project tasks and schedules, developing and managing all budgets and forecasts, presenting all steering team reports, change management including user communication and training, as well as working to develop UAT (User Acceptance Test) scripts and mentoring developers to solve all development issues.    • Managed enterprise IT projects for Shell's chemical division.  • Managed large 4 tier BW performance improvement project for 30,000 users  • Designed and Documented BCP (Business Continuity Plan) and DRP (Disaster Recovery Plan)  • Developed strategy for complex funding agreements  • Managed global project teams of up to 20 members  • Implemented Bugseye and Emerge catalog systems  • Ensured the project followed Shell's PDF ( Project Delivery Framework) methodology Engagement Manager Chevron Enaxis Consulting - Houston, TX February 2005 to August 2007 Contract - Project Completed    As an Engagement Manager for Enaxis Consulting I had two main responsibilities; first was my responsibility to the Chevron client engagement and second was my responsibility to Enaxis firm development. As the engagement manager for Chevron I was in charge of 3-5 consultants from Enaxis that were brought on as-needed. I was also the Manager in-charge of the PMO service offering which included internal methodology development and Enaxis staff training. As the Sr. Project Controller for the client I was responsible for the financials, schedule and weekly staff meetings for a $300mm dollar project to build the IT infrastructure and deploy a 52 floor high-rise office building in downtown Houston. During my time on the project I lead a team of consultants to document over 500 inter-related processes and create the current evergreen standards. I also created a complex financial reporting model that integrated real-time floor by floor status to forecast spend against the schedule for monthly reporting. In addition I lead monthly reconciliation meetings with each department head to ensure proper change management and to maintain the budget within a less than 10% variance.    • Member of the PMO leadership team  • Created internal Project Management Methodology and lead internal instructional seminars  • Managed 300 million dollar budget for large IT implementation  • Created financial modeling process for monthly reporting and forecasting  • Managed deployment of 6,500 Cisco VOIP phones and network equipment  • Developed WLAN infrastructure design requirements and managed 52 floor implementation  • Managed Inner-wireless cellular deployment  • Engaged business organizations and stakeholders to ensure project success  • Ensured the project followed Chevron's CPDEP (Chevron Project Development and Execution Process) methodology Sr. IT Project Manager Shell Chemical - Houston, TX February 2004 to February 2005 Contract - Project Completed    As a Sr. IT Project Manager for Shell Chemical I was contracted to manage several SAP projects that were in scope for SOx remediation. I handled every aspect of the projects including; analyzing SOx requirements and building software development specifications, creating and managing all budgets, tasks and schedules, user communication, change management and off-site training. During my contract I also managed a full design through implementation release of an SAP eBpro catalog system including capacity studies and analysis, 3 tier hardware architectural design and deployment.    • Managed enterprise IT projects for Shell's chemical division.  • Managed multiple SOx (Sarbanes and Oxley) remediation projects.  • Maintained project budgets with values over $1mm.  • Developed solutions for Global SAP and EBP systems.  • Managed virtual teams up to 15 members and resources all around the world.  • Ensured the project followed Shell's PEC ( Project Excellence Center) methodology Sr. IT Project Manager Pangea Design Inc - Houston, TX 1997 to 2004 As a Sr. IT Project Manager for Pangea Design I was responsible for pre-sales engineering including; hardware design and deployment and software design and documentation. My role was to act as a liaison between our in-house software development team and the clients. I designed the high-level solutions, created the estimates and proposals for the sales staff and managed every aspect of the project after the proposal was executed. I mentored the software development team when technical issues arose and in many instances wrote software code to solve complex requirements. In addition I handled all of the high-end hardware maintenance including; configuration of all Cisco 3600 series Routers and Switches as well as Cisco Pix firewall changes.    • Managed a team of graphic designers and software developers to create the industry standard for webware solutions and advanced network architecture.    • Managed a 12-person team to Develop Track-Down TM GPS Vehicle Locating System. This Patented system enables you to track any vehicle equipped with Track-Down TM Vehicle Locating Units using a web browser. Personally engineered server and wireless telecom architecture. Managed all hardware design changes and manufacturing. Work with the legal patent team to patent interface and hardware design.    • Clients Include: Rice University, Dresser, CoachUSA, and Ernst & Young LLP  Managed over 200 separate web development projects, ranging from graphical sites to Dynamic SQL driven sites. Technologies utilized include. ASP, .NET, DHTML, JAVA, SQL, Coldfusion, VB6, Flash.    • Managed 4 separate network migrations over 6 years. Developed all Budgets and worked with vendors to create a fiber optic DS-3 Internet infrastructure. Created and overseen all protocols for security using redundant Cisco Pix firewalls.    • Developed capacity study baselines for large fiber storage migration    • Managed the creation and evaluation of all software documentation and support documentation projects including post launch version documentation. Education Executive MBA Cornell University 2008 Executive MBA Queen's School of Business 2008 Bachelor of Science in (BS) Information Systems & Technologies Weber State University 1997 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) January 2005 to Present Driver's License December 1993 to Present IBM Design Thinking Certification September 2016 to Present