ERP Project Manager ERP <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> A goal-oriented senior financial executive with a thorough understanding of technology  and a proven track record for successfully managing and completing complex financial and information  systems changes in large organizations.  • Combined strategic vision with strong financial, accounting, technical, analytical, communication and  presentation capabilities.  • Demonstrated experience in business management and working with others to achieve organizational  objectives for growth and profitability. Proven ability to manage multiple, complex projects to meet  deadlines and budgets.  • Extensive background in business strategy, business process design, ERP systems implementations,  financial analysis, projections & forecasts, budgeting, cash management, corporate tax and financial  reporting in a broad range of industries.  Industry experience includes manufacturing, distribution, construction, public sector, cellular communications  and professional and industrial services. Work Experience ERP Project Manager Deloitte, Arthur Anderson, CSS International June 2019 to Present Extensive experience in ERP sales and implementation management services with numerous world-class  organizations including Oracle, Deloitte, Arthur Anderson, CSS International. Expertise in ERP "rescue"  efforts where existing ERP project implementation efforts had stalled or failed. ERP implementations require  a blend of "hard" and "soft" skills. I have a proven track record of demonstrating the necessary blend of these  skills to start and finish projects or rescue projects and bring them to successful completion. ERP Project Manager Harris County Auditor's Office October 2015 to June 2019 In 2014, Harris County initiated a project to select an ERP implementation partner to implement the already  selected PeopleSoft ERP system to replace its legacy system. As ERP Project Manager for the Auditor's  Office, my responsibilities and accomplishments included leading the effort for the Auditor's Office to:  • Define, confirm and document Harris County's requirements at large for the new PeopleSoft ERP  system. Requirements were extensive as Harris County employs more than 18,000 people; has a budget of more $2.5 billion dollars and has more than 80 departments with diverse and extensive  requirements. The Auditor's Office is a majority stakeholder in the implementation of the new  PeopleSoft ERP solution and would rely extensively on the system's ability to meet Harris County's  requirements.  • Lead the process to evaluate and recommend a System Integrator consulting firm to assist the County  with the PeopleSoft implementation.  • Together with the selected System Integrator, confirm the capabilities of the Peoplesoft ERP system  to meet the requirements of Harris County and develop a gap analysis to be addressed by the System  Integrator in developing a project framework and implementation plan.  In 2017 it was established that Harris County's IT Services group would own the budget and responsibility for the implementation of the PeopleSoft ERP system. In the first quarter of 2018, the Harris County Auditor  who had hired me in this critical role as the Auditor's Office ERP Project Manager, retired. What ensued over  the next year made it clear that the Harris County technology group (now Universal Services) owned the budget and the management of the project exclusively and my role was restrictively limited. Although I tried to develop required new business processes and procedures for the Auditor's office that would be compliant  with the PeopleSoft application capabilities, it was clear that my role was limited at best. As such, as of June  3, 2019 I resigned my position in the Auditor's Office to seek a position where my expertise would be more  appropriately valued and utilized. TX CSMART Program Director City of Houston - Houston, TX January 2013 to October 2015 The City of Houston was in the process of creating a custom application to automate and streamline the operations of its Municipal Court System. The initiative was branded as CSMART (Court System for  Management of Resources and Technology) and was intended to provide effective and efficient management of the City's more than 1.2 million citations per year and all of the related judicial processes and procedures.  The development of the application stalled when the City CIO who had taken full ownership and  responsibility for the project failed to complete the project within the expected timeframe and budget and retired from his CIO position. Upon joining the City, I took over as the Program Director for the CSMART  project. I worked with the City attorneys to rewrite and re-negotiate a multi-million-dollar fixed fee contract  with the primary consulting firm who had been involved in the application development. I then directed and managed all the associated technical and functional activities required to complete and deploy this new  application. This involved a complete recommitment and reconnection with the City's IT services group and significant City IT policy changes to facilitate the needed operational changes I determined to be required to  move the project forward. After two and a half years of intensive development efforts using a combination of agile and waterfall implementation methodologies with offshore and onshore development teams, the  application successfully went into Production April 2, 2015 and is being continually incrementally improved with a structured and carefully managed defect resolution process and feature enhancement process. This is  the largest application the City of Houston has ever built and deployed and it is and will continue to be a  tremendous improvement to managing the operations and the effectiveness and efficiency of the Municipal  Courts of Houston. Senior Project Manager CSS International, Inc - Charleston, SC June 2011 to January 2013 Oracle | Platinum Partner and Three-time Oracle Titan Partner of the Year  Responsible for managing Oracle ERP implementation projects from planning through completion.  Completed a multi-million-dollar JDEdwards 9.0 implementation at an Engineering and Road Construction  Company on time and under budget over the course of 13 months. Consulting team included 25 consultants  that were a blend of employees and subcontractors. Project included complex organization and business  process changes, extensive end user training and developing numerous complex interfaces with field  operations applications and 3rd party payroll and benefits providers.  Also assisted CSS International, Inc.'s management with transitioning to Oracle's Unified Method (OUM) for application implementations which is a more iterative approach to the implementation process and aligns CSS  more closely with Oracle's approach. Manager Oracle America, Inc June 2007 to May 2011 The Communications Global Business Unit (CGBU) sells software and implementation services to the largest  wired and wireless telcos around the world. Products include applications for Billing and Revenue  Management, Technical Provisioning, Intellectual Property Management and Network Management. As part of the PMO, I have overseen projects in North and South America from both a bid review and approval  perspective and a services delivery perspective. This includes interaction with senior client executives  sponsoring or responsible for large IT and business process transformation projects in their organization. It also includes conducting structured and systematic project and program quality assurance evaluations  throughout the project lifecycle, managing key performance indicators, providing executive-level  management reporting on the status and performance of CGBU projects and developing and managing action  plans to improve project and program performance when needed. I also spent significant time mentoring and training our Project Managers to improve their skill sets and effectiveness especially in managing large,  complex fixed price projects. Project Manager, North America Consulting Oracle America, Inc June 2003 to May 2007 Joined JDEdwards shortly before it was acquired by PeopleSoft. Transitioned from the role of JDEdwards  Senior Global Enterprise Director to PeopleSoft Project Manager. Managed multi-million dollar, multi- country implementations of Oracle EBusiness Suite, PeopleSoft HR and Payroll applications and JDEdwards  EnterpriseOne ERP and Manufacturing and Distribution applications. Arranged and managed large global  project resource teams balancing local and offshore resources for the most cost-effective service delivery.  Recruited and managed 3rd party and partner resources for data migration, technical and functional interface  design and development, training and organizational change management Corporate IT Program Director Stewart & Stevenson Services, Inc. Corporate Headquarters - Houston, TX March 2002 to May 2003 Responsible for JDEdwards Implementation, Training and Support Services  • Re-started and completed the JDEdwards implementation across this $1.2 billion dollar public  company with 3,500 employees. Planned and executed the rollout of the JDEdwards OneWorld  application to 35 Power Products division locations across the central and western United States over an 11 month period, training approximately 800 operations personnel in the process. Included  Manufacturing, Distribution and CSMS (Customer Service Management System) product suites. Senior Manager - Management Solutions & Services Deloitte & Touche - Houston, TX January 1995 to May 2002 Responsible for business development and achieving multi-million-dollar revenue budgets. Pursued and won business in various industries and service lines ranging from IT strategy and tactical planning to  implementing or trouble shooting large ERP systems. Formed and led the development of the JDEdwards  consulting practice in the Houston office. Led the national effort to establish Deloitte & Touche as a Tier  1 consulting partner with JDEdwards. Education B.B.A. in Accounting University of Texas at Austin - Austin, TX M.B.A. in Finance University of Houston