Senior Director, Payments Senior Director, Payments Senior Director, Payments - SHOPKEEP INC Northbrook, IL Successful start-up founder and COO with extensive experience creating medium scale organizations, managing diverse and large teams and generating million dollar EBITDAs. Possesses deep knowledge in operations, technical implementation, payments, software, hardware and regulation. Manages cross-organizational initiatives in a demanding environment while maintaining a calm, thoughtful and solutions-oriented approach. Operates with a strong, proactive sense of urgency and thrives in fast-paced settings. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Director, Payments SHOPKEEP INC - Northbrook, IL 2015 to June 2019 ShopKeep is a cloud-based, iPad point-of-sale software and merchant processing company for over 25,000 businesses.    ?    Responsible for creating the ShopKeep Payments brand and growing revenue, transaction count and volume from zero in 2015 to over $14 million in revenue, over $3 billion in merchant volume, and over 15,000 payments merchants in 2019  ?    Supporting EMV chip acceptance integration, and launching new PCI (Payment Card Industry) Compliance standards program for a growing merchant base  ?    Manages the firm's payment strategy, hardware and product upgrade opportunities, and 3rd party software partnerships with Discover, Clover, BigCommerce and Yext  ?    Leads the firm's growth through collaboration of sales and promotional programs, creating enhanced feature requests, and surpassing customer satisfaction and engagement goals  ?    Drives strong quality control initiatives through merchant onboarding procedures, account maintenance activities, and comprehensive account reviews and analysis Chief Operating Officer, Founding Partner PAYMENT REVOLUTION LLC - Northbrook, IL 2009 to 2015 Payment Revolution is an organization designed to simplify the merchant service experience and provide full service and cost effective solutions with a consultative approach.    ?    Built company from ground zero to over $2 million in EBITDA, over $1 billion in merchant volume and over 7,000 merchants in under six years with no external funding  ?    Established Payment Revolution with an objective to simplify the credit card acceptance process while affording merchants superior personal service at a wholesale price  ?    Created a streamlined digital Sales and Onboarding process to enable prospective merchants to become active clients within one business day  ?    Developed an industry leading customer care team to support the increasing client demand  ?    Sales, Operations, and Support expert throughout the company’s existence Project Manager, HR Consultant TOWERS PERRIN - Chicago, IL 2007 to 2009 Towers Perrin was a Global solutions company focused on employee engagement and strategy to improve internal business processes and overall company satisfaction.    ?    Developed and maintained client relationships to help design and implement custom employee engagement surveys  ?    Partnered with the Project Director to comprehensively understand each client’s motivation and goals to maximize the firm’s project delivery potential  ?    Worked across the organization to fully manage survey deployment, tabulation, and statistical results to deliver industry leading analytics and corporate strategy initiatives  ?    Served as primary project manager to facilitate operational deadlines and exceed customer expectations while delivering timely presentation results and recommendations IT Project Manager SUN MICROSYSTEMS - Newark, CA 2001 to 2006 Sun Microsystems was a Global solutions firm offering high powered workstation and server solutions with expansion to better service a growing ecommerce environment while establishing the first universal platform for developers.    ?    Managed system integration solutions for Sun’s internal data warehousing, supply planning, breakthrough supply chain, and mission critical applications and hardware  ?    Guided cross-functional teams during planned and urgent server related outages  ?    Implemented and supported processes to increase efficiency, enhance customer satisfaction, and provide accelerated turnaround on project deliverables  ?    Delivered on time project requirements resulting in multi-million dollar cost reduction goals  ?    Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) auditing and strategy support promoting use of ITIL best practices Education Bachelor of Science in (B.S.) - Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS - Urbana-Champaign, IL May 2001 Links http://linkedin.com/in/erickalman Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/lie-cqfcgqrfxuff Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Life Interests  ?    Commitment to exercise: yoga, biking, running, tennis, softball and basketball  ?    Cooking, baking, and barbecue aficionado with a love for fine dining and eclectic cuisine  ?    Love of family, hosting parties, traveling, and enjoying live music with friends  ?    Coaching daughters in soccer, softball, basketball, and explaining the importance of the countless life lessons available every day