VP of Operations & PMO, Co-Founder VP of Operations &amp; PMO, Co-Founder VP of Operations & PMO, Co-Founder - Cloudely, Inc San Jose, CA Work Experience VP of Operations & PMO, Co-Founder Cloudely, Inc - Sunnyvale, CA April 2017 to Present Managing the Cloudely operations and responsible for Sales and Service Cloud Implementations. SME in Service Contracts, Installbase/Assets, CPQ, CLM and billing including the integrations. Responsibilities includes managing the PMO and Customer success teams. Champion in employee and customer onboarding.  Products: CloudSync - M R C (Migrations, Release manager, CPQ-CLM Connector), iComply and iPrivacyHub - Helps with GDPR and Enterprise compliance needs.  Clients: RICOH, Bio Fire, Helix, Pharma Cyclics, PlayAGS, Fibrogen, Symmetry, Shutterfly, Team Industrials, AMPAC, BoomTown, EntrustDataCard, NorthStar Financials, American Phycological Association (APA) etc. IT Consultant Cloudely, Inc - Sunnyvale, CA December 2015 to March 2017 Cloudely, Inc) / BizApps Operations Support Manager  Managing the LinkedIn Support operations for O2C, H2R, P2P and R2R business functions. The scope of application support includes Oracle Applications, Integrations with Workday, Get Paid, Beeline, SFDC. Mentor the team members in all the month, quarter and year-end timely issue resolution with minimal escalations. Advocacy of ITGC/SOX audit controls, worked with Auditors on risk mitigation strategies. Key contributor to CCB (Change Control Board) and Jira ticketing process improvement. Participated in the MSFT and LNKD integration discussions & support, Played a key liaison role with LinkedIn Management (Execs and Track Managers), Cross functional Business teams (BPOs, GBPOs), auditors and the the Vendors (support and development team's). IT Consultant (Functional SME) TIBCO - Palo Alto, CA July 2015 to November 2015 Salesforce and Oracle system integrations solution design to support Opportunity, Order, Account integrations to accommodate the Mergers and Acquisitions. The BOSS project also includes the discovery and design sessions around APTTUS CLM/CPQ implementation initiatives. IT Consultant FACEBOOK - Menlo Park, CA October 2014 to June 2015 Salesforce and Oracle system integrations that support the processing of $3.5B in quarterly revenue from US, IE and Brazilian countries. Oversee and re-design bi-direction integrations between SFDC and Oracle applications. Manage month, quarter, and year-end OTC support and issue resolution. Lead the customer merge integration support and process improvement. Drove efficiency by conducting billing integration design reviews, testing, and post-deployment support.  • Streamlined the billing process and improved performance from 8 hours to 1 hour, saved 20 man-days per month by influencing the production billing process change to run billing in the draft mode in place of mock billing runs.  • Streamlined Scheduler jobs through failure identification and root cause analysis. Assisted the build team in the development of long-term fixes. Introduced best practices with ITC Brazilian Support team.  • Upgraded the Oracle ERP to the latest version (12.2.4). My role included gap analysis, SFDC to Oracle Integration management, Order to Cash functional testing, and period close process testing and issue identification, analysis, and resolution. Senior IT Manager MERU NETWORKS - Sunnyvale, CA March 2010 to September 2014 Managed the development, support, and DBA operations for this leader in virtualized wireless networking solutions and services. Responsible for the entire back office applications and salesforce integrations. Built and managed the Development, Support, and DBA teams.  • Led the implementation of the global Concur Travel & Expense Management system and its integration with Oracle ERP. Additionally, managed the Concur SaaS (Concur Corporate Express) implementation,  • Improved credit processing by enabling a credit-check functionality and compliance alerts in Oracle R12.  • Led billing, sales tax, POS, pricing, Revenue Recognition, Channel Data Management and POS integration with ZYME. Managed all the integrations between SFDC, oracle, ARENA PLM and ZYME  • Streamlined Order to Cash workflow by automating critical business processes, Serial# generation for Entitlement, Service contracts, Install base and shipping integration with Flextronics.  • Managed Oracle EBS upgrade, including gap analysis, instance planning, unit testing, integration testing, production support, and post-deployment enhancements (Internal IT project done by just 3 of us).  • Implementation of Service Contracts and install base modules in R12.0.3 and upgraded to 12.1.3. Managed the global P2P and GL rollout that encompassed 8 countries.  • Managed Workday HR, ADP Payroll, APTTUS CPQ and Adaptive Insights implementations.  • Completely responsible for SOX/ITGC Controls in defining, managing. Also IT owner and business liaison for internal and external auditors Functional Systems Analyst/ Project Manager/ IT Technical Lead JUNIPER NETWORKS - Sunnyvale, CA October 2006 to March 2010 Carried out and managed the design, development, and leadership of EDI integrations between Juniper and various trading partners like INGRAM MICRO INC, VERIZON, LUCENT, MAGIRUS, ACAL, AZLAN in the North American, EMEA, and APAC regions. GXS and SPS Commerce are VAN's and transactions types are PO (EDI 850), Invoice (EDI 810), ASN (EDI 856) and POACKN (EDI 855)  • Enabled $2M in recurring savings by bringing partners onto EDI and automating processes.  • Actively involved in the design and re-implementation of iCRM to cover Siebel-related functions and Quotes integration with Oracle EBS (design/re-implementation of iCRM with integrations around Siebel opportunity, quote, Siebel order/Oracle order and Siebel agreements)  • P2P track EDI Integrations of AP Invoices and Positive Pay with functional acknowledgement for BofA and CITI Banks through GXS VAN translations (EDI 820, 828, 824 and 997).  • Served as a Functional analyst for P2P track and implemented the receipt imaging integration using 170 (Mark view) systems for US, EMEA and APAC regions in 3 phases.  • CCB (Change control board) track lead for defining and managing the controls for all the EBS (OTC and P2P) tracks including the change approvals for the weekly production migrations IT Manager, IT&S/Techno-Functional Lead EQUINIX - Foster City, CA June 2000 to September 2006 Led the implementation of entire Oracle EBS, Hyperion planning and HRMS for this provider of co-location, interconnection, and managed services.  • Eliminated check clearing fraud and improved collections efficiency by automating the transfer of files from Equinix to Comerica Bank and SVB.  • Designed and led the Billing & Invoicing integration, including invoice consolidation this resulted in 800K savings per anum.  • Service contracts & Install-base implementation in 11.5.6 and upgraded to R12.Improved the contract renewal efficiency by spearheading a solution to automate service contract renewals. Implemented the Hyperion Planning  • Managed and supported the integration of 3 companies (Pihana, Asia Pacific and Equinix) into a single company. Led system integrations in the US and in Singapore. Also, conducted user training.  • Supervised a staff of 20 as part of the re-implementation of the Oracle EBS on a single global instance this includes Oracle HRMS, O2C, P2P & R2R business functions.  • IT Owner for all the SOX Compliance needs including implementation of Oracle GRC. held positions of Systems Analyst CAREER NOTES - Singapore 1998 to 2000 Project Lead at CAPRICORN SYSTEMS for clients like Lucent Technologies, Gear for Sports, LifeStyle Furnishings (1998-2000) and Systems Manager/Sr. Systems Analyst at WIPRO SYSTEMS for the clients like Seagate Software, FL, USA and Seagate Technologies International, Singapore (1997-1998) Skills Oracle, Oracle forms, Pl/sql, Sql, Ebs