Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Xator Corporation Vienna, VA • 15+ years IT Project and Program Management  • Project Management Professional (PMP)  • IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Practitioner  • Top Secret Clearance (February 2016)  • Federal Acquisition Community Project Program Manager Level II (FAC-PPM)  • U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Work Experience Senior Project Manager Xator Corporation - Alexandria, VA September 2018 to Present Currently serve as the Program Operations Manager to provide leadership for 130 professionals, including project managers, resource managers, design engineers, program analysts, electricians, technicians, and administrators. Manage operational support functions (travel, admin, training, resourcing, and scheduling) for a $50M Government contract. Assist the Program Manager to manage a portfolio of 75 technical security system projects at State Department high threat posts. Provide system maintenance services through 14 Field Service Representatives in Afghanistan and Iraq. Collaborate with stakeholders to develop plans, solve problems, mitigate risks, and ensure quality deliverables.  • Initiated an internal R&D project to develop Business Intelligence capabilities and a dashboard.  • Authored and implemented policies for rest and recuperation leave and preventive maintenance. IT Project Manager Federal Bureau of Investigation - Arlington, VA August 2016 to September 2018 Evaluated IT programs and advised FBI senior executives on IT management processes and IT procurements. Led cross-functional working groups and integrated planning teams (IPT) to develop project scopes, elicit requirements, estimate costs, assess alternatives, and identify risks. Developed project management plans, requests for proposal, independent government cost estimates, statements of work, service level agreements, operational level agreements, business cases, executive briefs, and project status reports.  • Authored a business case to improve IT support for expeditionary command posts for special events.  • Led working group to identify and resolve IT service management and IT Service Desk issues.  • Led IPT to conduct market research on open source intelligence social media exploitation tools. Research & Development Manager City of Arlington - Arlington, TX May 2015 to August 2016 Led 7 professionals to plan, develop, and manage police IT systems, including; records management systems, computer aided dispatch systems, electronic citation writing systems, body-worn cameras, dash-mounted video recorders, SharePoint and internet applications. Developed policy and procedures to ensure compliance with Criminal Justice Information System (CJIS) standards. Collaborated with City attorneys, State officials, victim advocates, and the municipal court to process digital evidence per data retention laws, privacy laws, freedom of information laws, and court orders. Participated in industry forums to maintain awareness of contemporary IT issues and served as a principle advisor to the Police Chief. Sponsored and navigated Police Department projects through the City's IT Governance process.  • Managed a pilot project for body-worn cameras with cloud-based evidence management services.  • Integrated a new electronic citation writer with existing SQL databases and Municipal Court systems.  • Elicited requirements and designed a unique police mobility application for detectives. Telecom Program Manager Headquarters U.S. Marine Corps - Arlington, VA June 2011 to August 2013 Led a staff of 23 professionals and synchronized a portfolio of 9 telecommunications projects. Provided stewardship for a $78 million annual budget. Represented the Marine Corps as a consumer of Defense Information Systems Network Subscription Services. Advised the Chief Information Officer (CIO) on Department of Defense and Department of the Navy telecom policies and plans. Served as the Process Owner for the Network Capacity Management Process and advised the IT Governance Board on the development of Change, Release, and Configuration Management processes.  • Developed life-cycle management processes for 5,942 telecom circuits  • Directed network upgrades for 24 Marine Corps bases and air stations  • Increased wide area network bandwidth by 25% and reduced annual circuit lease charges by $4 million  • Composed the 2013-2014 Enterprise Network Campaign Plan to develop the next generation network Director, IT Operations NATO Training Mission Afghanistan June 2010 to June 2011 Led 102 U.S. and coalition military personnel and contractors. Supervised the delivery of voice, video, and data services for 5,000 customers at 4 forward bases and 23 remote sites throughout Afghanistan. Supervised the execution of an $8 million budget. Advised senior leaders on the capabilities, limitations, costs, and risks of coalition IT systems. Collaborated with US Forces Afghanistan and the U.S. Embassy to plan and execute IT improvement projects throughout Afghanistan. Supervised IT Service Desk operations, developed standard operating procedures, and set customer service standards.  • Supervised the installation of structured cabling and outside plant for 21 new buildings  • Connected 20 remote sites via Broadband Global Area Network (BGAN) and Iridium services  • Planned a 1 petabyte network storage system for the official archives of the Afghan Security Forces  • Negotiated contracts with local service providers for Wi-Fi hotspots at all forward bases Battalion Executive Officer 8th Communication Battalion - Camp Lejeune, NC January 2009 to June 2010 Led 48 officers and 231 non-commissioned officers to maintain operational readiness, discipline, and family support services for 1,230 Marines and their families. Advised the Commanding Officer on all aspects of military administration, including; award nominations, re-enlistments, administrative separations, legal proceedings, investigations, inspections, security clearances, medical readiness, skills training, exercises, deployments, and physical training. Led operational planning teams to provision tactical communications and IT support for 3 afloat Marine Expeditionary Units, 2 Marine Expeditionary Brigades forward deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan, and 1 rapid deployment to support humanitarian operations in Haiti. Senior Advisor Iraqi Police (Anbar Province) August 2007 to January 2009 Led a team of 12 Marine advisors and 20 American police officers to shepherd the Anbar Provincial Police Headquarters and Detention Facility. Served as the senior Marine advisor within the Anbar Police Operations Center and coordinated the operations of 8 Iraqi Police Divisions throughout Anbar Province. Coached Iraqi Police leaders to develop a budget and financial management processes. Negotiated with Iraqi leaders for the transition of training facilities, vehicle maintenance activities, fuel distribution, and personnel administration. Initiated and drove the ID card program which produced 23,000 ID cards, enhanced Iraqi Police esprit de corps, and transferred the ownership of administrative processes from the Marines to the Iraqi Police. Awarded a Bronze Star Medal. Education M.S. Management Science in Management UT Dallas 2015 M.B.A Strayer University 2010 Marine Corps Command & Staff College 2008 B.S. in Business Admin HI Pacific Univ 1997 Skills Microsoft Project, Estimating, budget, Outlook, Scheduling, maintenance Military Service Branch: United States Marine Corps Rank: Lieutenant Colonel