SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Acworth, GA restrictions. Administrative professional with strong documentation skills, report  writing and file management. Proficient in all phases of project management  work with solid experience managing all levels of small to large-scale IS/ IT  projects, including budgeting and administration. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience SENIOR IT PROJECT MANAGER Shaw Industries Group Inc - Dalton, GA October 1999 to October 2018 Managed various types of projects within designated timeframes.  Responsibilities included assembling teams, conducting interviews for project  requirements, coordinating all project related tasks and documentation. Tracking progress and deliverables for each project with weekly  status briefings. Communicate with all project stakeholders and management as well as all business partners and groups. PROJECT MANAGER Shaw Industries Group Inc - Dalton, GA March 1997 to October 1999 Responsible for coordination, acquisition, and overall project management.  Responsible for installation of computer and data networks across multiple  locations across the US. Coordination of phone system installations, data and telco circuits. SR. FIELD ENGINEER Shaw Industries Group Inc - Acworth, GA November 1989 to October 1996 Responsible for servicing and maintaining all IT and IS related equipment at Shaw facilities. This included manufacturing facilities and warehouses. SYSTEMS ENGINEER - IS Shaw Industries Group Inc - Ringgold, GA November 1989 to February 1991 Responsible for repair and maintenance of all computer hardware, printronix  printers, and other network equipment. LEAD SERVICE MANAGER / ENGINEER The Computer Shoppe - Chattanooga, TN August 1984 to November 1989 Lead technician and engineer for the service department at Computer Shoppe which was a chain of computer stores, owned by the former Service  Merchandise company based out of Nashville Tennessee. My responsibilities  encompassed all aspects of repair, maintenance and support of maintenance  contracts for customers, sales of maintenance contracts, and for ensuring staff was current on all support  measures. We were primarily dealers with IBM / COMPAQ / APPLE / HEWLETT  PACKARD / TEXAS INSTRUMENTS. One of our larger customers during this  time was Shaw Industries. FIELD ENGINEER Texas Instruments Inc - Memphis, TN July 1983 to July 1984 Responsible for repair and maintenance of TI mid level computer systems for farm tractor dealers across West Tennessee / Eastern Central Arkansas /  Northern Mississippi. Education Chattanooga State Community College - Chattanooga, TN 1981 to June 1983 Associate of Arts in Computer Science And Programming Chattanooga College - Chattanooga, TN 1983 High School Diploma Kirkman Technical High School - Chattanooga, TN 1974 Skills Data entry (Less than 1 year), liaison (Less than 1 year), Process implementation (Less than 1 year), project management. (2 years), Report writing (Less than 1 year), PMP, PM, Information Technology Additional Information SKILLS Project Management Interpersonal and written  Team leadership communication  Strong verbal communication Extremely organized  Methodology implementation Team liaison  Report writing Process implementation  Self-motivated Data entry