Project Engineer & IT Support Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> Engineer &amp; <span class="hl">IT</span> Support <span class="hl">Manager</span> St. Louis, MO Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Engineer & IT Support Manager Materials Management Concepts Inc. - St. Louis, MO August 2013 to Present Responsibilities  Create and manage integration of MMCI’s custom conveyor systems throughout the project cycle. Cultivate relationships with customer and vendor organizations through effective communication. Create system layouts in AutoCAD and ensure proper specification and selection of equipment. Review engineering documents and drawings to resolve technical problems throughout project lifecycle. Coordinate and supervise independently the objectives of multiple projects to completion simultaneously. Schedule and manage multiple functional teams to facilitate system installation and commissioning. Expand and adapt my role in anticipation and service of executive leadership directives and challenges. Communicate regularly with internal stakeholders, external customers, and suppliers to resolve issues. Support expansion into robotic automation and equipment development for palletizing business. Maintain MMCI’s in-house Customer Relationship Management database system. Develop system pricing across hardware from multiple vendors and process equipment orders. Operations Engineer Lockheed Martin - Camden, AR May 2011 to August 2013 Responsibilities  Directed FOD Auditing/Prevention initiative for program and oversaw completion of corrective actions. Reviewed and updated operation time standards and gathered weekly workstation efficiency reports. Facilitated Risk/Hazard analysis studies and Lean/Six Sigma Kaizan events. Oversaw a production floor organization overhaul, improving floor utilization by 8%. Communicated Performance Metrics data to senior leadership across multiple functions. Influenced and developed the talent pipeline by training and mentoring new hires in my role. Adapted to team leadership role to fill in for my direct report during a 5-month absence. Coordinated and submitted Enterprise Savings packages totaling more than eight figures over 11 months. Designed and improved workstations throughout the production floor to enhance safety and ergonomics. Education MSIE Master's of Science in Industrial Engineering University of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR 2009 to 2011 BSIE Bachelor's of Science in Industrial Engineering University of Arkansas - Fayetteville, AR 2004 to 2009 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Autodesk Autocad (4 years), Autodesk Inventor (2 years), Solidworks, Solidworks (1 year), Java Script (1 year), Visual Basic (2 years), R (Less than 1 year), Project Management (10+ years), Lean Six Sigma (3 years), Lean Manufacturing (3 years), Six Sigma Green Belt (3 years)