team working member team working member team working member - CITIBANK N.A Pembroke Pines, FL • Highly skilled and dedicated professional with extensive experience in project life cycle (PLC) and system development life cycle  (SDLC); aligning PLC processes and standards with SLDC to ensure a successful implementation.  • More than 10 years of experience in project management in different industries such as health, education, telecommunication,  infrastructure, call center and banking.  • Experience in Waterfall and Agile methodologies.  • Leadership in the overall direction of the project, management, communication, coordination of status reports, stability of project-  oriented work efforts and success of their projects across the technical team and business organization.  • Utilize project management processes and methodologies to track budget and tasks to ensure projects deliverables are on time,  within budget, to meet customer expectations according to scope of the project.  • Proven ability to work under pressure, analyzing different situations and providing multiple feasible solutions.  • Meet with stakeholder on monthly basis to provide status report showing milestone, budget and next steps; meet daily with project  team members to provide direction of the project and meet on a weekly basis with managers/peers to provide project status  progress, risks, project issues and deviations.  • Managed the implementation of CORE Banking applications on target and budget for Latin America and the Caribbean for Citibank,  Temenos USA and JP Morgan Chase.  • Managed multiple (10) projects simultaneously of different level of complexity, including cross-departmental projects. Work Experience team working member CITIBANK N.A - Fort Lauderdale, FL 2012 to Present Self-starter, confident, attention to detail, ability to mentor and train others, positive attitude, sense of ownership, strong sense of responsibility, problem solving skills, team working member, service focus, professionalism, aptitude and desire to keep learning.  Experience with the following tools: MS-Office Suite (MS Project, Visio and Power Point), JIRA, SharePoint, Arc Archer, Lotus Notes, among others.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AS PROJECT MANAGER  CITIBANK N.A., Fort Lauderdale, FL 2012-Present  Project Manager - VP  - Participate in two committees for the acquisition of a security tool and services for mobile application security.  - Responsible for the development and upgrade of the SOP and Process Guidelines.  - Support ( project manager and product manager) 80% of the workload with less than 1% of error, provided the flexibility  accommodating Asia, Europe, Latin America and USA Citibank Business in the processing of all the mobile application.  - Provided remote training/coaching to the new resources located in Hungary, Singapore and USA including mobile application  processing in all the platforms, quality control, analysis of the different situations and impact that we found on a daily basis.  - Wrote BRD and developed test cases for the automation of daily process to simplify the daily operations. Project Manager - VP 2011 to 2012 Responsible for the integrations of the project plan of Brazil business, Singapore developer and region business analyst work  streams for a banking retail initiative; reporting PMO, LATAM business and operation/technology executives.  - Opened in Plainview tool the project plan budget, integration of project plans of work stream (agile and waterfall).  - Personalize, update and maintain a MS SharePoint application to be used as a depository tools for all the project documents  generated (BRD and Technical Specification Documents) by all the work streams.  - Managed the implementation of a global banking system in Latin America; BRD definition, risk management and constrain that  may impact implementation date. Project Manager TEMENOS USA, INC - Miami, FL 2007 to 2011 - Managed the implementation of T24 TEMENOS core banking system in Latin America.  - Managed cross-functional teams in varying geographical locations to produce project dashboards.  - Managed the implementation for client's with portfolio of 1.5 million of accounts with more than 400,000 loans and over 120 branches.  - Reorganized project plan activities to ensure tasks are assigned to the resources with proper skills  - Manage client expectations and ensure implementation is within the agreed scope and timeframe.  - Provided project status, project strategy, issues, risks and action plan to client executives and managers.  - Coordinated and support the data migration of the legacy system to the new core system.  - Managed and directed analysts and technical staff to ensure project plan activities are met.  - Directed UAT client team; evaluated incidents report to determine if there is any defect.  - Provided training and coaching of TEMENOS Implementation Methodology to our business consultants and project managers. Senior Project Manager CORNERSTONE SYSTEMS, INC - Irvine, CA 2005 to 2007 Managed multiple concurrently projects for different clients.  - Develop RFP (Request for Proposal Reponses), SOW (Statement of Work) and Project Change documents to meet client's needs  in coordination with Account Executive, Finance and Senior Management.  - Actively participate with IBM and clients during the System Assurance Process; documenting, monitoring and follow up every  project task until completion.  - Coordinate the installation of IBM hardware and software products (CICS, DB2, WebSphere, operating systems, among others).  - Meet with clients on a regular basis, document meetings to identify business opportunities or risks. Senior Project Manager PM ADVISORS CORP - Miami, FL 2002 to 2005 - Directed the installation of an IBM mainframe, system engineers for the OS and product installation and programmers for the applications migration and certification of the applications.  - Managed and implemented a Call Center and a Web application.  - Analyzed and documented the operational process flow for the development of training sessions, test scenarios to certify the applications and operational procedures.  - Coordinate and plan activities between business and vendor, such as UAT environment setup, user test scripts and execution, production rollout, reports and service level agreement.  - Meet with client managers and bank executives to provide project status, project strategy, incident, risks and action plan.  - Evaluated the operational area of credit cards ( IT, vault, emboss, security) and reorganized operational organization, setup  operational metrics and identified savings opportunities for an International Spanish Bank. IT Operations Manager - VP TRACFONE WIRELESS INC - Miami, FL 2001 to 2002 - Stabilized and improved production environment during the first three months in office; improving phone response by 20%.  - Negotiated services with external contractors for software and hardware purchase/lease.  - Managed and guided the operational area resources using project management methodology.  - Developed and implemented Disaster Recovery Plan. Senior Project Manager - VP FIRSTBANK PUERTO RICO - San Juan, PR 1998 to 2001 Directed the reengineering project to achieve over $85 million in savings for Consumer Loans, Mortgage and Marketing under Tata  Consulting methodology.  - Managed and implemented Internet Banking and Call Center projects.  - Directed the system test and user acceptance test; track problems and report it to vendor; created SOW; managed the implementation of the PBX, infrastructure hardware, recovery process, software and training.  - Proactively work with managers and end-users to implement information technology solutions that are cost effective and enable the corporation to achieve cost related goals and objectives. Application Developer Manager - 2VP JP Morgan CHASE - San Juan, PR 1990 to 1998 - Managed the implementation of Systematic Core banking applications for Latin America and the Caribbean bank/branches  - Managed the implementation a check imaging and computer optical laser disk images technologies to reduce operating expense.  - Managed, implemented and tested an EDI application and a collection application (Melita). Education Bachelor in Business Administration University of Puerto Rico Certificate Villanova University