Project/Service Delivery Manager <span class="hl">Project</span>/Service Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project/Service Delivery Manager - Aptos Allentown, PA Work Experience Project/Service Delivery Manager Aptos - Allentown, PA October 2016 to Present Project/Service Delivery Manager in a managed services role supporting customer expansion into the US Market.  Setup USA managed service program to interface with the model used by clients in EMEA countries.  Service Delivery Manager on a team supporting various retail brands located in the US and globally.  Run preventative maintenance program for stores worldwide to include, IT Infrastructure, generator, electrical, UPS vendor management and scheduling.  Primary point of contact with the client in dealing with Escalations, Relationship Management, and overall Service Improvement Programs.  Key activities include problem and change management, the introduction of new services and root cause analysis.  Manage third party service contract SLA requirements and suppliers/vendors in Relationship Manager role for the customer including Budget, SOW's, Billing and RFP functions for both US and Global customers.  Provide a range of services to the customer which includes a 1st line and 2nd line help desk, handling software and hardware incidents.  Liaise with 1st, 2nd and 3rd line support on system issues and escalations providing guidance and troubleshooting expertise.  Responsible for the service provision and delivery across the account providing weekly and monthly reporting at Governance.  Completed 9 large department store implementations in the last 2 years, to include all related infrastructure hardware and software.  EMV project team member during deployment to USA sites.  SDLC deployment of POS software for new installations and product change/fix projects.  Responsible for Data Circuit Provisioning to include MPLS, ISDN, 4G troubleshooting and escalation of communication issues.  New Build release and patching management across the enterprise.  JIRA, Confluence and Agile project management, NetSuite ERP, HEAT, Kronos, Clarity, Remedy, Service Cloud, SalesForce, Microsoft products.  NCR, Dell, Cisco, and AWS experience. Project Manager Independent/Experis/BT Expedite Aptos - Allentown, PA January 2013 to October 2016 Project Manager for software deployment /changes, and hardware infrastructure for BT Expedite customers.  Setup US Service Management program for customer expanding operations to the US from EMEA  Change Management, SOW, RFP and Budget management for both EMEA and USA regions.  Project Manager on 40,000-77,000 Square foot site infrastructure implementations. Regional ITA Manager 2, IT Desktop Administration Northeast Region USA T-Mobile USA - Allentown, PA December 2005 to July 2012 Managed daily Level 1 and Level 2 IT support, ticket escalation, telecommunications and customer support for markets in Maine, Central Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh, Detroit, and Upstate NY including Buffalo, Syracuse, and Rochester markets. This market consisted of 123 retail stores/ mall kiosks, 3 Regional Business Offices, 3 Call Centers and 3 Engineering switch locations. Total store count 2200 nationwide. Supported 24 Call Centers nationwide.  My team was responsible for all IT infrastructure in our region to include connectivity of all T-Mobile facilities to Nationwide data centers. This included troubleshooting and maintenance of all Network equipment, Servers, Server rooms and thin client systems, UPS and generator systems for facilities. The team supported issues both within the region and nationwide when on the help desk.  I was responsible for hiring, staffing and performance evaluation of my team. The market was supported by 10 IT Technician direct reports (ITA) and additional contractor support. My team was responsible for Desktop/Application support for 4000 plus systems in a Group Policy Environment. Enterprise Computer count over 35,000.  Project Steering Committee Member - The Committee acts as a management decision-making body providing leadership, process, and guidance for the development of best-practice support models within the IT Administration organization.  Project Management/Resource Examples: IE Deployment to 24 Call Centers, Inventory Scanner analysis for Retail Stores, Circuit upgrades for Switch, PBX VOIP Conversion at Call Center Locations and desktop computer /Avaya phone deployment and testing in new Call Centers in Augusta GA, Frisco TX and Richmond VA, National mall Kiosk remodel project, Deploy tablet to retail stores project. New retail store setup and Current retail store remodel project.  Experience supporting MS Windows, Microsoft Office Suite of Applications, Exchange, Outlook, BMC Remedy, Enterprise Servers, Avaya CC Manager in VOIP sites, CA-Clarity PPM, SCCM, Routers, Firewalls, generator and UPS systems.  Develop and manage in a liaison role a close working relationship between the I.T. organization and the customer's Operations groups. Communicate enterprise change management to in-house customer base and impact to the business.  Main escalation point for Customer Care Directors, District Retail Management and area VP personnel in my region of responsibility.  Responsible for facilities management of main computer rooms and switch locations in Northeast. IT Support Manager Magazine Division Rodale Inc - Emmaus, PA October 1995 to December 2004 Publishers of Men's Health, Prevention, Runner's World, Bicycling, Organic Gardening, Mountain Bike, Backpacker, and Scuba Diving magazines    Managed 5 Project Manager/Business Analyst's and 5 Technical Analysts who provided Tier 1 and 2 desktop support, project management, application deployment, and quality control, for 600 plus Windows and Macintosh systems in both corporate and remote office locations.  Developed professional, technical, training and project goals for each team member.  Purchased all hardware and software. Administer software license contracts and manage upgrades. Implement third-party support contracts.  Instrumental in building PC deployment structure based on client needs, desktop standard image and software scripting.  Implemented new Windows Server 2000 share structure for client sets during Novell to Windows Server 2000 migration, to include the design of active directory structure, all application testing, training and roll-out to client desktops.  Served in Sr. Business Analyst role within a cross-departmental team to select, acquire and deploy new Advertising Management system.  Reviewed help desk reports with upper management monthly, showing: call volume, closed calls, open calls, time to close, time to client contact, resolution steps taken, problem or high call area's and provide steps to improve overall client support. Was responsible for all problem call management from initial client contact with the help desk and any hand over to technical analysts.  Managed and supervised large-scale desktop upgrade projects. Examples: Windows 3.11 to Windows XP conversion, Oracle Financial deployment, MS Exchange conversion, MS OFFICE and SQL desktop version upgrades, Microsoft patches, and Q&A testing for internal application development team.  Project Manager for Enterprise print optimization project budget responsibility for $1.3 million copier leases. Education Mavo in Institute Project Management Essential Tool and Techn Pennsylvania School of Business Information Computer Systems Institute University of Washington Security Skills Customer Service, Strategic Planning, Excel, Vendor Management