IT Governance Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Governance <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Governance Project Manager - Guild Mortgage Company San Diego, CA Work Experience IT Governance Project Manager Guild Mortgage Company 2018 to Present • Serve as Change Manager for all enterprise IT changes. Authored IT Change Management P&P's based on ITIL best practices, provide training to all IT personnel on IT Change Management procedures, and review and approve/deny requests for change on a daily basis.  • Oversaw the 2018 SOC 2 Type 2 audit which included tracking of all control evidence requested by external auditor, following-up on evidence requests from both business and IT stakeholders, and served as main point of contact for all IT Change Management controls.  • Spearheaded and managed both the evaluation and successful implementation of a new IT Service Management solution (Samanage.) Included the completion of a feasibility study, vendor assessments, contract negotiation, requirements gathering, initial tool configuration and build-out, QA testing, UAT, end user training, and go-live support. Senior IT Project Manager Qualcomm 2016 to 2017 • Awarded Qualcomm QualStar award for successfully managing the launch of a custom in-house built secure file transfer solution hosted on AWS.  • Collaborated with IT leadership to streamline the requirements gathering and documentation, backlog grooming, and project risk management processes.  • Managed projects of varying degrees of complexity using waterfall, agile and hybrid project management methodologies. All projects required the coordination of multiple global business stakeholders and technical resources (both in-house and outsourced.) Technical Project Manager Cox Communications 2013 to 2016 • Managed the delivery of new external facing sales agent web application. Also performed impact assessment and coordinated the development of 30+ BI reports which supported the new solution.  • Managed the migration and tech stack upgrade of 5 business critical applications to a new data center.  • Facilitated the submission of all technology (App Dev and BI) requests by meeting with business stakeholders to capture and document their high level concepts, coordinated with IT functional leaders to provide level of effort, and worked with senior business leaders to determine feasibility of requests based on budget, technical assessment, and overall alignment with business goals and long term strategy. IT Service Management Reporting Specialist The Walt Disney Company 2012 to 2013 • Solely responsible for the design, development and support of Disney's HP Service Manager Business Objects universe including the management of UAT, updating release notes and change log.  • Served as the reporting/database technical subject matter expert in the design of Disney's enterprise service management data warehouse.  • Developed advanced SQL Server SSRS/SSIS reporting solutions such as executive scorecards, SLA dashboards, operational search tools and data extracts used to feed third party tools. Business Intelligence Lead Cox Communications 2008 to 2012 • Served as BI lead for a team of 8 employees including reporting analysts, developers, and DBAs.  • Oversaw and managed the team's project pipeline of over 200 projects by facilitating on-going meetings  with directors and senior management in order to prioritize their project requests as well as to set overall  expectations for project feasibility, scheduling, and resource availability.  • Served as project escalation POC by facilitating open communication between stakeholders and BI  analysts as well as resolving issues that may arise throughout the project lifecycle.  • Managed and participated in the development of dashboards, scorecards, KPI and ad-hoc reporting  utilizing SSMS, SSRS 2005/2008, Oracle 10g, OBIEE, and Informatica. Business Systems Analyst Bear Stearns 2005 to 2008 • Identified customer requirements, developed functional specifications, conducted walk through meetings, and conducted UAT for Commerce Velocity's underwriting rules engine.  • Participated in the development of automated pricing rules engine by analyzing and translating underwriting rules and business workflow into specifications for developers and QA analysts.  • Played key role in company acquisition by performing gap analysis of business rules, business and system process flows, user administration, and requirements elicitation. Application Support Analyst Argent Mortgage Company 2004 to 2005 • Utilized Oracle SQL Developer to identify and remedy issues within the Empower production databases.  • Mentored and trained junior analysts on customer service and application support best practices. Programmer Analyst Walt Disney Internet Group 2000 to 2002 • Developed a Java application which aided in a 30% reduction of manual pre and post production tasks.  • Managed national data center migration consisting of coordinating closely with technical staff ensuring 0% system down time and a seamless handoff of physical servers and applications. Education B.A. in Computer Science Pace University Skills JIRA, UAT, PROJECT PLANNING, ITIL, SQL SERVER, MYSQL, ORACLE, SQL, SHAREPOINT, SSRS, TABLEAU, POWER BI, VISIO, BEST PRACTICES, BI, DOCUMENTATION, GOVERNANCE, MENTORING, POWERPOINT, PM, Project Management, Scrum Master, Waterfall, SDLC, PMP, Information Technology, Software Development, Excel, Business Intelligence, access, MS Office, testing Links http://linkedin.com/in/kristinachiara Certifications/Licenses PMI PMP November 2013 to November 2022 IIBA CBAP February 2016 to February 2022 ITIL v3 August 2012 to Present Scrum Master February 2014 to Present