Lead Associate Lead Associate Lead Associate - Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc Bayside, WI My objective is to keep learning and make a positive difference every day. With more than 25 years working with healthcare clients and stakeholders at the executive level and behind the trenches, as Health IT project manager, medical equipment customer support engineer, IT manager, consultant, and business development manager; I strive to utilize my knowledge and experience in helping customers get maximum ROI on their technology & business investments by helping them identify optimal solutions that best serve their objectives and business strategy, and successfully manage their projects.  Project management: Worked with various vendors and solution providers, consultants, and project teams onshore and offshore to achieve quality objectives within time and budget. Successfully managed very challenging, high risk, and complex projects by identifying and quantifying objectives, establishing project management methodology and tracking tools, managing change, identifying and managing risks and issues, and maintaining communication with stakeholders all the time. Used SDLC Waterfall and Agile methodologies in managing Health IT and business Solution project and program teams in healthcare and other industries such as retail, manufacturing, and government.  Change management: Helped and enabled the adoption of automation and new processes by listening and working with stakeholders, identifying change agents, encouraging leadership support, maintaining organizational alignment and developing appropriate interventions to minimize business disruption.  PMO experience: Worked with customer on identifying PMO model, mission, budget, process methodologies, and resources. Established governance and appropriate structures and processes for program and project selection and execution, work allocation, performance management and reporting. Managed delivery of programs and projects involving cross functional teams according to PMO guidelines, with effective leadership on direct and non-direct reports. Managed PMO auditing and helped team by training, coaching and direction.  Solution customization and delivery management: Managed cross-functional teams in the delivery and implementation of IT solutions and infrastructure projects. Worked with clients in selecting best customized technology solutions that pertained to efficiency, connectivity, integration, and alignment with clients' strategy, people and process with risks of change in mind.  Customer support: Worked as a customer support engineer for IT and medical equipment for more than 14 years installed, connected, and supported healthcare medical equipment, devices, and solutions from GE Healthcare, Fuji, and other vendors during my work at ATC in Kuwait, and worked on medical device integration to hospital network and clinical solutions. Also managed help desk services and worked on maintaining best customer/employee support.  Business development and marketing: As part of my duties during my work with ATC, ATG, Masiya, Ventures Healthcare, and SysLogic; I managed or participated in business development and marketing of products, solutions, and services. conducted market studies and created business plans with projected sales and budgets.  Leadership: True believer and practitioner of servant leadership as a proven driver to motivate teams to meet organizational objectives and excel their own experience and careers. My responsibility as the project or the program manager is to solve problems, remove obstacles, and help everybody succeed. Work Experience Lead Associate Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc - Washington, DC July 2018 to Present Supporting the Department of Veteran Affairs on Electronic Health Record (EHR) Modernization Program.  Job Title: Clinical Council Command Center Operations Lead  • Leading a team of 16 project managers, program manager, and program coordinator running daily operations of all councils that represent all stakeholders from all disciplines of the VA hospitals, clinics, and community care Nationwide. The Councils mission is to identify and unify client requirements and scale to the EHR vendor's COTS workflows to identify any need for solution configuration and process re-engineering.  • My responsibilities were to resolve disputes and issues, monitor risks and set mitigation/contingency plans, monitor client satisfaction, optimize operations, level workloads, set KPIs and performance measures, and improve response time.  • Daily operations of the command center included:  ? Schedule and run daily/weekly meetings with each Council. Capture and track notes of progress, actions, risks and issues, and creating and adjusting schedule of events.  ? Work with council chairs on designing councils' org charts and sourcing.  ? Attend solution demos and work with EHR vendor on recordings availability for all stakeholders.  ? Maintain continues, complete and accurate updates on the program SharePoint site documentation and Tracker and make available for clients' view and input.  ? Work with councils to formalize and source workgroups of users that are needed to attend solution workshops, and workflow review and validation.  ? Create and update master calendar of all events and milestones for user workgroups.  ? Design and update command center dashboard for performance metrics and KPIs.  ? Maintain and update command center operations WBS on daily basis.  • Clinical Informatics Team Lead: Clinical Informatics is a team of subject matter experts (SMEs) who are experienced in the vendor EHR solution and have a vast clinical background. This team is necessary to work with the command center and the client to bridge the gap of content expertise and manage communication and scope deliverables with the vendor. Daily activities of the CI team included:  ? Work with command center PMs on council meetings and solution demos to address any questions or concerns related to software capabilities and clinical/business workflows. Also, review and analyze any inter-disciplinary workflows and dependencies with the client.  ? Coach client solution experts to bridge the knowledge gap in the new EHR solution and enable them to become supper users and change agents.  ? Work with client workgroups on clinical/business workflow alignment with new EHR solution.  ? Work with CTO teams from the client and Cerner on data migration from legacy systems and identify needed device interfaces.  • Project and Program management: Working with both teams on designing, updating, and managing a WBS of scheduled tasks and milestones.  ? Identify team needs and issues, and make sure they got all what the need to achieve success.  ? Participate in daily scrum meetings with team and leadership.  ? Design project management planning and tracking documents, change control, and standard Work Procedures (SWPs)  ? Identify and analyze risks. Identify impact/likelihood, plan contingency, and track triggers. Assign risk ownerships and track progress.  ? Identify issues and decide severity, ownerships, and resolution plan.  ? Track project managers' performance and resolve conflicts.  ? Work with team on maintaining a structured and secure project documentation collaboration space (SharePoint)  ? Manage productive and healthy communication with client and solution provider and resolve conflicts.  • System Interfaces Management and Governance: Working with the System Task Force to manage all different stakeholders at the VA who are involved in system interfaces needed to be developed for the transformation from legacy systems to the new system:  ? Analyze and map a scalable process to Identify and analyze critical system interfaces needed at the Go Live sites and recommend improvement.  ? Manage and synchronize all efforts from different teams. Identify roles & responsibilities, risks, resources constraints or needs, and decisions required.  ? Critical metrics identifying and reporting (dashboard)  ? Managed a team to create an Integrated Master Schedule that combined all separate schedules from different teams (i.e. Cerner, legacy, Testing, etc..) and created a new critical path based on dependencies identified between the different schedules. The project was managed using Scrum.  ? Managed central document to ensure all organizational stakeholders are aware of progress, roles and responsibilities.  ? Managed communication with all stakeholders at different levels and disciplines to map requirements for additional interfaces needed in support of deployment before go live. Project/Program Management Consultant Harley-Davidson - Milwaukee, WI October 2015 to July 2018 • Project and Program management: Working with different teams in the company on managing multiple strategic business risk management and opportunity exploitation projects, transformation, and go to market programs and projects:  ? New products Go-to-Market release, distribution, and dealer returns & inventory management,  ? Used inventory impact analysis on new vehicle sales,  ? Best Practice assessment/modeling program for customer experience/satisfaction index and sales optimization,  ? Create market sales performance dashboard using MS Power BI tool to 1- update leadership on monthly sales performance KPIs, and 2- enhance dealer managers' decision support and fast access to data,  • Process Improvement & Change management: Managed a post-organizational transformation change management project to help leadership identify negative impacts on people and how to help go through new processes and responsibilities.  Major Accomplishments:  Ability to bring diverse people from different departments with conflicting priorities to agree on and align with the same goals and objectives, which strongly contributed to all my projects and programs success. Delivery Performance Sr. IT Project Manager Accenture - Milwaukee, WI April 2015 to August 2015 • Led a team of 30 Accenture and client project team professionals onshore and offshore. Worked with them on optimizing an Agile/Scrum project delivery performance by leveraging maturity and best practice.  • Managed daily Scrum, weekly sprint, and release planning meetings with project team and business stakeholders.  • Updated the program schedule according to managed and prioritized function stories in the backlog (Workstreams), and enhanced delivery forecast visibility for leadership from 4 weeks to 10-12 weeks.  • Organized and enhanced project management documentation for multiple workstreams release delivery tracking and reporting.  Major Accomplishments:  Saved a client's enterprise data warehouse migration program from running late and over budget by fixing the Agile/Scrum project management practice, project governance, documentation, and communication between business stakeholders and offshore/onshore teams accordingly. Sr. IT Project Manager Trissential - Milwaukee, WI June 2014 to February 2015 • Managed multiple solution development, upgrade, transformation and integration small - medium projects, working with local, national onshore and offshore teams.  • Managed projects' schedules and resources, reported status and progress using company enterprise project management tool, MS Project, Excel, and Google Docs.  Major Accomplishments:  Was able to deliver all projects on time and within scope and budget.    • Managed multiple solution development, upgrade, transformation and integration small - medium projects, working with local, national onshore and offshore teams. HIT Sr. Project Manager and Senior Consultant SysLogic, Inc - Brookfield, WI October 2012 to June 2014 • Project Management: Worked with internal project team on analyzing the requirements of the stakeholders on software and recommend the infrastructure design accordingly. Tracked backlog development, priority, sprints timeline and participated in review meetings with customer.  • Sr. management consultant; Managed multiple online businesses IT projects for a client in Milwaukee. Worked with offshore/onshore teams from multiple vendors on upgrade and redesign projects of their commercial online customer experience.  • Health IT Business Development: Worked with company management and business development team on identifying possible business opportunities in HIT. Conducted HIT market research and worked with business development team on creating market strategy and business plan.  • Customer training: Trained and assisted clients' project managers on project management methodologies and using tools such as MS projects/Excel.  Major Accomplishments:  Managed development of a cloud enabled analytics decision support tool for measuring clinical performance using Agile Scrum from Initiation through launch and transformation to client. Ventures Healthcare HIT Projects Director and Lead consultant Abu Dhabi, AE June 2010 to August 2012 UAE  • PMO Management: Established and managed the Project PMO for the client to put a common program management framework for all vendors, stakeholders, and projects'' teams. Worked with the client and team on creating and maintaining a structure of controls, processes, procedures and responsibilities that define the initiation, management, and control of PMO and Program governance. I audited and supervised compliance and worked with team on enhancements.  • Consultant: Worked with the client throughout the whole SDLC processes from the requirements analysis stage through RFP, evaluation, solutions' selection, contracting and delivery. Worked with key stakeholders on identifying objectives by analyzing current state and desired future state. Analyzed people readiness, and requirements to achieve objectives.  • Team Management: Identified, recruited, and worked with a team of 25 professionals: project managers, business analysts, subject matter experts, and IT consultants, to work with the client throughout the whole SDLC process and maintain solutions post project transformation.  • Project and Program Management: Defined program/projects' objectives and deliverables to be quantitatively and qualitatively measured according charters and scope statements.  ? Vendors and procurement management. Identified dependencies between vendors' tasks and leveled resources in the master program schedule with synchronized consolidated milestones between multiple projects by different vendors.  ? Created a common program management workspace (portal) as a common source of information of program documentation and collaboration among all project teams.  ? Created and effective management mechanism of projects' issues. Continuously monitored issues progress for resolution, change control, and risks.  ? Analyzed, planned, and delivered all training needs for project team and stakeholders to use and adopt the different systems to be implemented at the hospital.  Major Accomplishments:  • Established the company's Healthcare IT consultancy and project management business division.  • Managed a $16 million full scale healthcare IT delivery program of EMR, ERP, WFM, other subsystems such as QMS, DSS, and Patient Entertainment deployments, including integration across multiple systems and medical devices for decision support, comprehensive service billing and regulatory compliance. Worked with my team on:  ? Analyzing current state and help customer select best solutions, device, and infrastructure that suit people, clinical and business process requirements.  ? Worked with different vendors and project teams on implementing selected solutions while maintaining a master program plan that pertained to projects' dependencies and full integration between systems and devices.  ? Leadership and communication skills where extensively and continuously utilized in this program to be able to bring multiple stakeholder groups aligned on same objectives and requirements.  ? Managed the design, implementation, and commissioning of solutions infrastructure in data center.  • Managed a $2 million project for a new screening center Clinical Application Workflow with ERP, infrastructure and user devices, including Integration with medical equipment and government insurance clearinghouse. The application was customized to allow for a LEAN and optimized Workflow to reduce time and minimize waste, to serve the maximum number of customers in the shortest time at the highest quality of service. Worked with my team and vendors' project teams to deliver total solution on time and budget. Masiya Telecom IS Business Sales and Development Manager Salmiya - KW December 2008 to June 2010 Kuwait  • Developed the company healthcare IT and integrated solutions projects division.  • Worked with infrastructure solutions and support departments on creating best available, scalable, and secure solutions and SLAs for customers.  • RFP replies, proposals writing, preparing sales/marketing material, negotiations and deal closures. Business Solutions & Business Development Manager Alalamiah Technology Group - Kuwait City, KW May 2007 to August 2008 Kuwait  • Integrated Solutions Division Management: Organized the business solutions division. Enhanced partnerships with technology partners. Responsible for my division's sales, RFP replies, proposals writing, preparing sales/marketing material, negotiations and deal closures.  • Project Management: Established project management methodology to help save and close many of the company's failing projects that were drawing resources and time.  • Business Solutions Service Management: Managed Service Level Agreements (SLA) covering support for software and hardware.  • Business Development: New business planning taking in consideration company strategy, SWOT, and the market forecasts.  ? Successfully interacted with clients to generate repeat and referral business, which resulted in new orders.  Major Accomplishments:  • Managed a $6 million Healthcare IT implementation program, comprised of HIMS, ERP, and full enterprise infrastructure projects.  • Enhanced and cultivated post- sales support and service quality to customers.  • Worked with team successfully on saving many failing projects. IT Manager Advanced Technology Company April 1990 to April 2007 Salmiya, Kuwait  • 2004-2007, IT Manager:  ? Hired and managed a team of consultants, developers and technicians to provide IT services internally and externally.  ? Transformed and re-designed the company data center to improve systems availability, scalability, and security.  ? Rebuilt and face lifted the company website using MS.Net platform to become a fully dynamic portal with many services for employees, customers, and partners.  ? Introduced the help desk services on the company portal that dramatically improved support performance and customer satisfaction.  ? Created training plan for users and creating simple visual content that shows how to use the intranet.  ? Worked with vendors on assessing customer technical staff needs to be able to do basic systems service for the infrastructure project. Created a plan and continuously assessed training quality.  ? Responsible for my department's sales, RFP replies, writing proposals and managing SLA agreements. Project Manager 2001 to 2005 2001-2005, managed the implementation of Dental Clinical Information System at Kuwait Oral Health Program and Kuwait University for value more than $2 million: This project was about deploying Dental Information System and Infrastructure over seven sites of Kuwait Oral Health Program. 200 dental providers serving more than 40,000 school students. The solution needed significant customization and localization. Then it was successfully extended to School of Dentistry. Medical equipment Customer Service Engineer 1990 to 2004 Worked as a customer service engineer on GE Healthcare and Fuji medical equipment.  Major Accomplishments:  • Established and managed the company's Healthcare IT solutions department.  • Managed $4 million HIMS and total HIT infrastructure projects for a new hospital.  • Turned my department into a profit center and Increased revenue from zero to more than $9 million in 3 years.  • Managed the implementation of interconnected Dental Clinical Information System projects at Kuwait Oral Health Program at six sites, and Kuwait University for total value of $2 million.  • Trained, coached, challenged and empowered my team. Within 2 years we had 4 Microsoft Most Valuable Professionals MVPs in our department amongst other prestigious certificates. IT Service Engineer Qirtas & Gajria - Kuwait City, KW March 1988 to February 1990 Kuwait  Installing, maintaining, and supporting PCs, computer accessories, networks and peripherals. I also trained customers on operating systems and solutions.    Major Accomplishments:  I became in charge of the company service workshop after 1 year. Education MBA in Strategic Management Kuwait Maastricht Business School 2011 B. Sc. in Applied Physics/Computer Science Kuwait University 1988 Skills Business development, Change management, Program management, Business analysis, Bi, Engineer, Process analysis, It support, Biomedical Additional Information COMPETENCIES  • Project Management (13 yrs) • Biomedical Engineer (14 yrs)  • Program Management (8 yrs)  • Agile practitioner (2 yrs)    • IT support/management (6 yrs)  • IT strategy/policy (4 yrs)    • Health IT (8 yrs)  • Change Management (4 yrs)    • Business Analysis (3 yrs)  • Process Analysis (3 yrs)    • Management Consultant (BI) Tools (9 yrs) • Business Development (4 yrs)  • IT Management (3 yrs)  • Web Development (3 yrs)    • Team Leadership (6 yrs)  • Computer Design (2 yrs)