Senior Program Manager, Large Corporate Clients - Enterprise Delivery Senior Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Large Corporate Clients - Enterprise Delivery Senior Program Manager, Large Corporate Clients - Enterprise Delivery - Bank of America Merchant Services Charlotte, NC Work Experience Senior Program Manager, Large Corporate Clients - Enterprise Delivery Bank of America Merchant Services - Charlotte, NC February 2018 to Present I partner with our business and technology to lead and direct multiple complex merchant service programs for our large corporate clients. My primary responsibility is creating and implementing change strategies and plans via change & project management methodologies. These initiatives have an influence on the quality and timeliness of products or services, and impact the financial performance of the organization.  • Analyze present-state, develop alternate future-state approaches and facilitate implementation of initiatives end-to-end. Activities include management of a project plan & budget, resolving and/or escalating issues, mitigating risks to business operations, facilitate meeting to drive decision making.  • Serve as primary contact to clients (Dunkin Brands, Starbucks, Safeway, and Dish) sponsoring the initiative. Partner with clients to ensure strategies and goals are achieved.  • Create and execute project plans, communication plans with business, technology and clients.  • Report status to SVPs/EVPs/C-level executives.  • Moved clients from Legacy APIs to RESTful APIs. Project Manager C.H. Robinson & BirdDog Logistics - NC May 2015 to December 2016 Successfully managed supply chain software integrations for the Sales & Operations department. Responsibilities included:  • Partner with the business development team to define & document business and technical requirements, new compliance standards/procedures, risks and issues log, budget forecast, monthly budget variance & financial reporting, designs, process flow, test approach/strategy, UAT, data migration plan, deployment strategy, and project closure documents. Project Manager McGladrey - Charlotte, NC July 2014 to April 2015 Led and directed the launch for 2 transformational practices: Corporate Tax Office (CTO) and Tangible Asset Relief Service (TARS) for this newly created position, including strategic planning and business development. Identify internal needs and account targets, and develop strategies to support short- and long-term account-growth plans. Lead cross-functional business teams.  • Led meetings with regional tax partners within 5 segments to identify team leaders. Developed strategic plans for sales and delivery models, outsourcing and pricing. Negotiated software licensing agreements with Thomson Reuters. Targeted existing clients with $300 million+ revenue. Collaborated with regional partners in developing business-development strategies. Result: Secured 2-year agreements with Marriott International and TGI Fridays, representing $1.5 million in annual revenue. IT Project Manager Wells Fargo - Charlotte, NC April 2014 to June 2014 Led a large and complex data migration project for the Wholesale Technology Services team.  • Authored technical and business requirements, and scope documentation.  • Worked with data team to meet the business and technology needs within timeline and budget constraints. Project Manager Bank of America Merchant Services - Charlotte, NC November 2013 to April 2014 Managed an enhancement statement of work for the bank's Global Operations department, mapping 28 applications to the Enterprise Reporting Hierarchies to become compliant with the RSA Archer program to support standards defined by Global Operational Risk. Responsibilities included:  • Executed strategic business discovery, interpreted business requirements and produced project charter.  • Defined & documented business and technical requirements, new compliance standards/procedures, risks and issues log, budget forecast, monthly budget variance & financial reporting, designs, process flow, test approach/strategy, UAT, data migration plan, deployment strategy, and project closure documents.  • Project team size, internationally located, was 16. Sr. IT Program Manager, Corporate Compliance Duke Energy - Charlotte, NC April 2013 to October 2013 As Sr. IT Project manager, I was responsible for two simultaneous, full life-cycle Corporate Compliance projects: (i) IBM OpenPages installation (ii) CATSWeb enhancement. Each project required me to create, manage, and document the following:  • Initiate Business Case, high-level requirements, Project Charter, stakeholder management, architecture checklist, solution blueprint, vendor selection & management, vendor SOW, issue and risks logs, resource plan, WBS, exit/entry criteria, change management plan, detailed requirements & traceability, conceptual design, communications plan, disaster recovery plan, configuration design, deployment approach, contingency plan, test plan, data backup and migration plan, Go-Live, and handover documents. Program Manager Radio Disney The Walt Disney Company - Charlotte, NC June 2011 to February 2013 Multiple PM roles requiring the ability to successfully manage the ongoing internal business model, organizational change, extensive project/program management, change management, and extensive project oversight.  The overall program required:  • Managed and tested continuity & disaster recovery plan with focus on continuous improvement.  • Instillation of mainframe, virtual & physical servers ( 5 Cisco UCS M3)  • Responsible for network design and support to include WAN, LAN, & RF data paths.  • Program included installation of SAS, new T1 lines, Oracle 10g, routers, SQL Developer, and middleware solutions (WebSphere). Program Manager Capitol Broadcasting - Charlotte, NC 2008 to 2011 As the Senior Program Manager I was charged with installing CRM software for multiple stations simultaneously. Program resulted in $2 million revenue growth in first year after being deployed.  • Provided program level project communication and leadership, status monitoring, change management, project manager coaching, Agile methodology training, tollgate readiness reviews. Project Manager CBS Radio - Charlotte, NC 1999 to 2008 I rapidly progressed through many roles (business operations to project manager) to successfully manage ongoing ownership, organizational change and extensive full life cycle project/program management.  • All projects required Project Charter, stakeholder management, solution blueprint, vendor selection & management, vendor SOW, issue and risks logs, resource plan, WBS, change management plan, detailed requirements & traceability, conceptual design, communications plan, disaster recovery plan, configuration design, deployment approach, contingency plan, test plan, SAS, data backup and migration plan, Go-Live, and handover documents. Education Bachelor of Arts & Science in Arts & Science University of Cincinnati Skills SQL, RSA, JIRA, SHAREPOINT, CISCO, SDLC, WEBSPHERE, VISIO, BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, COST MANAGEMENT, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, STRATEGIC PLANNING, RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT, PROCESS IMPROVEMENT, CONTRACT NEGOTIATIONS, PURCHASING, ISSUE MANAGEMENT Additional Information Core Competencies - Project Management & Delivery • Infrastructure • SDLC • Schedule Management • Cost Management • Communication Management • Risk & Issue Management • Client Relationship Management • Strategic Planning • Contract Negotiations • Business Process Improvement • Vendor Management • Purchasing and Acquisition Management • Agile • Waterfall • Clarity • Visio • SharePoint • JIRA • WebSphere • Cisco • SQL Developer • Resource Management • RSA Archer • IBM Open Pages    Experience, Key Contributions and Performance Milestones