IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - SaiFirst Corp. Information Technology and Marketing Services Company Burr Ridge, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager SaiFirst Corp. Information Technology and Marketing Services Company - Oak Brook, IL 2014 to Present Hold dual accountability for (a) managing multiple complex projects ranging from mobile development to IT services implementation and (b) leading the organization's IT service improvement practice, assist in marketing, IT governance, and service management projects.  ? Developing mobile applications and websites within budget and ahead of 6 month time frame  ? Established a simulated Scrum project for clients development of understanding Agile methodology  ? Instructed and proctored over 30 courses on topics including Scrum, Healthcare IT, and Biometric Security  ? Implemented a Cloud Essentials virtual ondemand course and recordings to promote outreach of services and led to a 25% increase in enrollment  ? Researched the WIA competitive landscape and devised a marketing plan used to aggressively target a new  industry segment and increased enrollment by 20% resulting in $150,000 in additional revenue  ? Led comarketing programs including customer testimonials, product demonstrations, event planning and giveaways at industry conventions in support of new services launches  ? Analyzed and reported monthly results of partnerships used for campaign optimization purposes  ? Oversaw the development of the HIT (Healthcare Information Technology) virtual on demand service  ? Surveyed over 1,000 customers online gathering usage intelligence used in developing product roadmaps  ? Assisted in the hiring process of potential employees Technical Support Services Biocertification - Oak Brook, IL 2009 to 2013 Responsible for technical support, indexing clients, and maintenance of schedules  ? Worked with biometric devices and incorporated labs for clients  ? Assisted in the development of the CBSE (Certified Biometric Security Engineer) virtual ondemand  service Education Bachelors of Liberal Arts in Biological Sciences University of Illinois at Chicago - Chicago, IL 2009 to 2013 Links http://Linkedin.com/in/SachitSoni Certifications/Licenses Scrum Fundamental Certified Biometric Security Engineer Scrum Developer Certified Scrum Master Certified CompTIA Cloud Essentials CompTIA Healthcare Information Technology Technician PostgreSQL Database Administrator Agile Expert Certified Additional Information SKILLS AND INTERESTS    IT Security and Compliance Project Manager Certificate Program Oak Brook, IL    Technical Proficiencies: Microsoft Office Suite, Openoffice, Linux, Computer and Network Security, Healthcare  IT security compliance, Biometrics, Project Management, Scrum, Agile, ASG Cypress, Cloud, PostgreSQL, and  Mobile Development    Chicago Sports, Family, and Staying active