Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Springfield, IL • More than 5 years of relevant work experience with strong Project Management acumen, Business Analysis and Software Development skills.    • Worked as a Project Manager for The Journal, University of Illinois at Springfield for 2 years alongside the Master of Business Administration coursework.    • Highly experienced in the IT Industry, delivering solutions across various domains, with more than 3 years of experience as a Business Analyst with project management and software development roles.  • Proficient in project management tool MS Project 2013 for managing project tasks, duration, timeline and using Network diagrams, Critical Path Method, PERT and Crashing, to optimize project time and cost.  • Proficient in preparing Pareto Charts, Fishbone diagrams, Scatter diagrams, Control Charts and other visual methods of representing and analyzing data, with hands-on knowledge of using tools such as Minitab and Lingo.  • Over 2 years' experience as a SCRUM master with an exposure to design and scrum framework, implementing Agile and Scrum methodologies across various projects.  • Worked as a project transition coordinator, collated status and issues across various locations to prepare project transition plan.  • Strategically driven critical thinker with an ability in team management, business operations, planning and identifying key performance indicators to deliver exceptional business to clients.  • Developed, implemented and managed communication plans, marketing strategies and employee engagement plan.  • Eloquent in creating operational budgets, performance goals and performance management systems for teams and departments.  • Experienced in creating product backlog and spring backlog as a part of sprint planning, conducted daily scrums, weekly sprints, sprint review and retrospectives to assess and document progress and identify action items.  • Implemented procedures and standards for improved efficiency and business process improvement.  • Expert in business process analysis including design, improvement, measurement and control of project management phases.  • Strong ability to combine creativity and business acumen in improving team performance while securing customer loyalty and building valuable relationships with internal and external business partners.  • Familiar with present industry standards, such as Six Sigma, Capability Maturity Model (CMM) and ISO.  • Proficient in preparing Project Charter, Team Contract, Requirements Traceability Matrix, Project Management Plan, Work Breakdown Structure, Project Cost Estimate, Responsibility Assignment Matrix and Communications Management Plan.  • Oracle Data Integrator, PL/SQL, Oracle 11g, Python, Jira, JAVA-J2EE, Struts, C, Unix OS, JDeveloper.  • Exceptional analytical, communication, interpersonal, motivational and presentation skills with expertise in managing staff, business, multiple projects and effectively communicating with business prospects and clients. Work Experience Project Manager The Journal - Springfield, IL August 2016 to Present The Journal, University of Illinois at Springfield | https://uisjournal.com  Project Manager (Graduate Assistant)    • Successfully increased the bottom-line of the UIS Journal for the year by 26% by putting in place effective processes, identifying and eradicating slags and intensifying customer-centric orientation.  • Achieved 90% customer satisfaction in the first fiscal and 94% in the second.  • Designed and sold ads for on-campus and off-campus ad clients and successfully attained 20% surge in advertisement sales through intense customer centric approach and focusing in aligning the campaigns with the business goals of the clients.  • Procured 20 new ad clients for The Journal by proactively reaching out to local businesses and on-campus departments.  • Resolved 98% of customer complaints with one telephone/email conversation.  • Strategized drop-off locations for the print copies of The Journal, on-campus and off-campus and successfully increased the pick-up rate of the newspapers by 51%.  • Updated and distributed The Journal by-laws to ensure that every staff-member follows the University's policies and guidelines.  • Devised and Oversaw advertising and marketing strategies and needs of The Journal.  • Strategized, developed and implemented annual marketing plans and public relations efforts for The Journal and its publications.  • Oversaw content development, design and production of Journal publications and managed all business activities of The Journal, in the absence of student Advisor.  • Copy Edited various articles for The Journal's paper and online publication.  • Suggested and established cloud archiving of ads, reports, newspaper publications and other online media using UIS Box.  • Coordinated various client activities and served as a liaison between internal team and ad clients.  • Developed various marketing and promotional materials for The Journal and its related publications.  • Presided over The Journal's weekly upper management meetings.  • Supervised The Journal's weekly staff meetings. Compiled and validated timesheets submitted by staff-members for payroll processing.  • Assisted and conducted Journal readership, ad sales and related studies and prepared reports using data visualization methods such as pie charts and bar graphs.  • Developed and designed various social media campaigns for on-campus and off-campus ad clients, managing social media interactions, postings and email responses.  • Developed and implemented marketing strategies by focusing on enhanced online presence for The Journal and its ad-clients.  • Ensured all deadlines are met and weekly tasks are completed on schedule.  • Maintained and updated various advertising information on The Journal's website, as per requirement.  • Prepared weekly billing and reports of ads sold and revenue collected, contributed ideas to boost The Journal's online presence on various social media networks.  • Prepared chargeback accountings for payments processing.  • Conducted new staff hiring process for The Journal and assembled teams for various publication activities.  • Prepared business forecasts and annual budget requirements for publication.  • Represented 'The Journal' at various on-campus and off-campus events.  • Prepared and distributed reports on the pick-up rate of The Journal's paper publication.  • Worked closely with Journal Layout and Design Editor, Editor-in- Chief, Student Publications Adviser and ad clients.    Wipro Technologies | https://www.wipro.com  IT Analyst    Project: Electronic Arts (EA)    • Handled the overall end-to-end maintenance of project modules using Oracle Data Integrator and SQL achieving 90% success in delivering on or before time using AGILE methodologies.  • Conducted project planning doing feasibility analysis based on application complexity, availability of resources, approved coding hours par budget, availability of test cases from the customers for integration testing etc. with over 80% accuracy.  • Led a core group of 11 members comprising of software engineers, quality analysts and interns.  • Collated project status reports and issues across various locations and prepare project transition plan.  • Coordinated and managed project infrastructure, procurement of resources and systems, during project transition phase.  • Gathered and documented technical and business requirements and expected quality standards from project client.  • Worked on all phases of an Integration project development lifecycle, from procurement of requirements to implementation, testing and technical support activities.  • Worked on various SOA interfaces and Unix server to perform file management.  • Supervised helpdesk to prioritize issues, handle client escalations and interactions with customers, on-site team and business clients.  • Created various test cases, scripts and documented, maintained and updated the test case and test script document.  • Ensured all artifacts are in complete compliance with the corporate policies, procedures and guidelines.  • Prioritized technical service errors and ensured accuracy in the solutions provided.  • Performed GAP analysis of user requirements, business requirements, organizational standards and project performance and prepared monthly performance and progress report.  • Conducted daily scrums, weekly sprints, sprint review and retrospectives, as a SCRUM master, discussed and documented project progress and pending action items. Monitored project progress and prepared progress reports.  • Worked extensively with product owners during the user acceptance testing phase of the project.  • Planned and implemented various employee engagement and team building activities along with the project delivery manager and transition manager, such as monthly meet and greets, team outings, etc.  • Participated in walkthrough sessions and held various presentations for the integration development team and onsite team.  • Prepared and maintained project related documentation such as issue logs, change request logs and training documents.  • Reorganized various technical support documents and created new error reporting and recording structure for the internal team.  • Prepared and presented weekly status report to clients, on-site team members and senior management.  • Supervised and worked on technical service tickets during project support phase and ensured that issues are resolved by priority, as specified in the service level agreement.  • Analyzed Change Requests (CR), categorized and prioritized Change Requests, applied changes and documented Change Requests.  • Strategized and implemented communication plan within the offshore integration team and assisted the delivery manager in setting up a 360-degree feedback system for the off-shore team.    Project: MTN-Next  • Designed and implemented 20+ middleware integration applications using Oracle Fusion Middleware and PL/SQL using AGILE.  • Procured project requirements from clients and established an internal two-way feedback system between the client and internal team members.  • Analyzed Project Requirements and collaborated with the SCRUM Master for project planning and sprint scheduling.  • Prepared, documented and updated project mission statement, integration and data flow diagrams and project timelines.  • Prepared Technical Design document, Requirement Traceability Matrix and documented project quality requirements of the clients.  • Actively participated in retrospective meetings, sprint review and daily scrum meetings.  • Performed extensive integration testing to ensure deliverables meet functional specifications  • Ensured project issues are effectively identified, tracked, resolved, reported and documented.  • Prepared project error log report to enable effective tracking of bugs helping in raising the project throughput by 30%.  • Analyzed project performance and prepared GAP analysis report of business requirements, system processes and organizational standards.  • Prepared lessons learned report and memorandum of meetings.    Project: OMRON Corporation  • Gathered technical and business requirements from project clients and prepared technical design document, requirement traceability matrix and business requirement document during project inception phase.  • Built project functional specification document based on requirements elicitation.  • Prepared use case diagrams using Visio and Photoshop to design project module layout diagrams.  • Prepared documents defining project vision, scope, interfaces and integration models.  • Interfaced with subject matter experts to prepare business requirement document.  • Coordinated work performances and prepared weekly status reports for clients and internal project team members.  • Assisted in risk management and mitigation planning, prepared status reports and defined deliverable milestones.  • Developed and maintained around 15 small to medium project modules using Oracle Data Integrator and SQL.  • Prepared and presented technical presentations on various project modules to the internal project team members and clients.  • Prepared technical illustrations, of various project modules and the entire integration system for the project clients, using Adobe Photoshop.  • Created and maintained test cases for unit testing, functional testing, data validation and integration testing.  • Used MS Project to track project activities and prepare Gantt Charts for various project tasks.  • Monitored, recorded and reported defects during testing phase of the project to the project manager and senior architect. Maintained and updated testing error logs document.  • Worked independently on research, analysis and development of technical solutions to various project bottlenecks.  • Assisted in tracking, managing and enforcing project deadlines and produced project milestones chart for better understanding and effective tracking.  • Monitored project testing and UAT and prepared reports for internal project use.  Project: Flight Reservation System - Wipro Internal Project  • Gathered technical and business requirements and prepared technical design document, requirement traceability matrix and business requirement document.  • Coded and implemented various modules of a flight reservation system using J2EE, Struts, HTML and SQL.  • Analyzed technical design document and requirements traceability matrix and prepared GAP analysis.  • Created unit test cases and maintained test case document and issue logs.  • Prepared and presented project presentation, explaining in detail the functionality of each project module and their integration, to function as a system. IT Analyst Wipro Technologies - Bangalore Urban, Karnataka June 2013 to May 2016 Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Illinois - Springfield, IL September 2016 to March 2018 Graduate Certificate in Human Resource Management University of Illinois - Springfield, IL September 2016 to March 2018 Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology August 2009 to June 2013 Skills HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT (2 years), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (4 years), CLIENT MANAGEMENT (5 years), DATA INTEGRATOR (3 years), DOCUMENTATION (5 years) Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma April 2018 to April 2021 Scrum Fundamentals Certified April 2018 to April 2021 SAP Leonardo Design-Led Engagements Demystified May 2018 to Present Additional Information SKILLS  Soft Skills: Ethical Decision Making, Project management, Strategic Human Resource Management, Critical thinking, Problem solving, Effective business communication, Business presentation, Marketing Strategies, Market Analysis, Business Performance Management, Client Management and Retention, Organization Performance Management and Strategic Planning.  Technical Skills: Requirements Elicitation, User Story Writing, Technical Documentation, SDLC, Jira, Scrum, Python, SQL, Oracle Data Integrator, C, Java-J2EE, Struts, HTML5.  Tools: MS Project 2013, Tableau, MS Excel (VLookups and Basic VBA), Adobe Photoshop, Minitab, Lingo.