IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Jeffersonville, IN Work Experience IT Project Manager Humana - Louisville, KY July 2011 to Present Responsibilities  ?Responsible to plan, schedule and execute all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations.   ? Lead project team to assess business implications for each project phase and monitor progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.   ? Resolve project issues among numerous teams - including staffing shortages, tactical matters, change requests, scope creep and business and user needs.  ? Develop mitigation plan addressing risk factors identified through careful analysis of financial and statistical data.     Scrum Master/Business Analyst - Clinical Guidance Exchange Infrastructure (CGXi)  ? Serve as the Scrum Master / Business Analyst for a team of ten developers (on and offshore) that utilize both the Agile and Waterfall development process.  ? Manage onshore and offshore team through all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle.  o Participate in weekly Enterprise Release Management (ERM) calls analyzing presented projects to determine potential impacts.  o Lead architects and tech leads in creating and submitting estimates on time for projects, change requests, and off cycle requests.  o Ensure that business requirements are clearly defined by functioning as the liaison between business partners/ project management team and the development team to identify any inconsistencies/concerns with the requirements document.  o Organized/Developed a process for the project management and tech lead teams to identify and accommodate any dependencies that existed.   o Assist design/development leads to create design and development plans for each impacted project, by release, ensuring deadlines are met.  o Analyze, triage, and prioritize defects identified during testing process, working to ensure resolution of defect while in compliance with project documentation and business needs.  o Provide weekly status updates to project managers, working to identify and resolve any obstacles to the established timelines. Proactively communicate any delays in original design/development plans and work to establish mitigated deadlines, when necessary.  o Provide production release support by working to perform IT validation in production environment.  ? Monitor and adjust clarity allocations for CGXi subarea. Distribute monthly allocations to all resources within the subarea.  ? Delegate ad hoc tasks to team members ensuring that feasible workloads are maintained and all deadlines are met.  ? Ensure all project documentation – estimates, design/development plans and weekly status report – are updated and distributed to their respected SharePoint sites.    Accomplishments  Promoted to project manager in 2014.     Skills Used  Strong organization and communication skills. Natural ability to motivate and encourage team mates and members. Proactively address and resolve any issues or concerns while maintaining budget, resource, and time constraints. Education PMP in Project Management Project Management Institute 2014 to 2014 BS in Business Management Mid Continent University - Maysfield, KY 2009 to 2013