Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - American Medical Association (AMA) Grayslake, IL Broadly skilled Information Technology Professional with extensive background in managing corporate Information technology initiatives, services and resources. Managed a very wide range of IT initiatives and projects for various information systems - financial systems/modules, manufacturing, security, network/services. Experienced in aligning IT services with business teams to enable delivery of IT solutions to support business goals. Significant experience in ERP systems' implementation management and support. Expert at building and managing strong and effective IT teams. Excellent process analysis and requirements gathering and mapping skills. Strong supervisory skills. Skilled in managing systems design, development, implementation, modification and integration efforts. Excellent project planning and management skills. Able to communicate and work with all levels of audiences.    Experience & Background Summary:  - Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Systems (Oracle, Lawson/M3, Metasystems and others)  - Supply Chain Process, Manufacturing Requirement Planning (MRP) systems. Worked closely with vendor and, also, Third-Party consultants on software customization and training  - Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) and EDI systems implementation and support  - ERP financial systems/modules - AR, GL, AP. Costing, pricing/contracts.  - Data Center initiatives - relocation, migration, integration and life-cycle projects - on premise/Cloud (AWS)  - Business Requirements Gathering/Mapping  - Business Process Analysis, Documentation & Improvement  - Systems/Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Infrastructure Project Life Cycle (IPLC) and Agile methodologies (Sprints/Scrums). Experienced in all phases of project management cycle, change control, budgeting, status reporting and resources management  - Project/Program/Portfolio & Release Management  - Business & IT resource alignment. Partner with business teams to follow established roadmap.  - Test planning, scheduling. Management of test planning, scripting, actual testing (bench-marking, performance), results reporting and analysis.  - Software development project management (Inventory, EDI, HR, Payroll, Financials systems, BI reporting)  - IT Infrastructure / Growth & Life Cycle Project Management (DB/applications servers Exchange & File servers  - Business Intelligence systems/Reporting. Data center management, building, relocating  - Data base implementation/migration. Data mining, warehousing, integration, analysis, reporting, dashboards, ETL.  - Vendor & Third-Party (hardware/software/services) relationship, services and resources management. Solutions, pricing and service contracts.  - Computer Networks - WAN/LAN, Windows, Active Directory, Novell & Wireless  - Internet, Phone System and Data Communication  - ITSM ServiceNow, Help Desk / Desktop Support Services - Hardware/Software configuration, installation and upgrades  - Microsoft Office applications - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, Project, FrontPage, FoxPro & Access  - Email Systems - Outlook, Exchange & Lotus Notes    Managed initiative to upgrade/replace all Pharmacy prescription scales hardware and software. Also implemented device monitoring tools at all pharmacy stores to better support applications and store services. My project also included the design and implementation of patient texting services to notify patients of their prescriptions status and appointments etc. Also implemented a number of local store servers for file sharing and print and FAX services.  - Oracle & MSSQL data base upgrade.  - Maintained project artifacts and all other details in SharePoint tables.  - Exported SharePoint tables/lists into MS Excel for further reporting and presentations    IT Project Manager / Program Manager  Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL 2/2013- 8/2014    Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  Working as member of the NTRS TIPMO group acting as program/portfolio and project manager, responsible for managing a variety of IT projects' initiatives (both system development and infrastructure life cycle projects). Area of concentration involves all Oracle, Sybase, SQL, MQ, WebLogic, Business Object, Windows and UNIX/LINUX. Projects portfolio includes application enhancements, version upgrades and also platform and technology upgrades (hardware/software). Responsibilities included:  - Working with all levels of application owners & management teams, IT resources (shared & dedicated, local & off-shore), software and hardware vendors to stay compliant with corporate & vendors supported technologies  - Project information management and reporting. Program/Portfolio management  - Implemented/migrated and updated Oracle, MSSQL & Informix data base environments  - Creating SharePoint templates, lists and reports for program management  - Performing ETL like tasks with SharePoint data and Excel data into PowerPoint and Excel dashboard reports  - Working with directors, division managers and other PMs to ensure SharePoint data integrity and consistency.  - Member of team testing and implementing SharePoint 2013.  - Developing project plans, managing project budgets, schedules & resources  - Assisting in technology environment design and enhancements options, layout, etc  - Preparing & managing project resources' labor cost estimates and reporting financial systems/modules and work-stream status  - Managing server hardware builds and deliveries  - Hardware/software and technologies inventory and dashboard reporting    IT Project Manager / Production Release PM  CNA Insurance - Chicago, IL 3/2012- 11/2012  Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  Working for the finance portfolio on several projects ranging in size from 100 hours to 2500 hours. Responsibilities included:  - Working with resource teams both locally and internationally  - Liaison between business portfolio and vendors/teams  - Preparing and managing project hardware and software cost estimates and timelines  - Planning and managing hardware build efforts (Servers, Virtual Machines, Workstations )  - Preparing and managing project resources' labor cost estimates  - Preparing and managing infrastructure project plan and deliverables    Working for the commercial insurance portfolio. Responsibilities included:  - Working with business teams to gather applications changes & enhancements needed  - Work with IT teams to initiate and track applications code changes, testing and approvals  - Planning and managing the monthly systems production releases.  - Working with application and development resources to plan month-end production deployments  - Planning IT support resources for the production release weekends  - Managing production releases/deployments with local & offshore resources, application leads & owners.  - Producing production release status reports to management  Sr. Global IT Infrastructure Project Manager  CEVA Logistics Houston, TX 5/2011- 12/2011  Responsibilities: Global Infrastructure Project Manager working with users and resources based around the world.    Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  - Managing a variety of global IT infrastructure projects working with resource teams based around the world.  - Microsoft Exchange environment (hardware and software) upgrades  - Windows servers upgrade  - Exchange 2010 Outlook new feature implementation corporate-wide  - Server platform upgrades (Windows, UNIX and CITRIX)  - EDI implementation and software version upgrades  - Global network domain migration (user accounts and workstations)    IT & Business Support Manager  The Irish Dairy Board, Inc. / DPI Corp. - Evanston, IL 1/2008 - 2/2011  Responsibilities: Responsible for all aspects of information technology to support a global business environment.    Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  Management of:  - IT environments integration and consolidation  - IT vendor management - Solutions, Services, Contracts road map planning for IT short and long term planning  - Local data center development, build and maintenance.  - Managed systems design, development life cycles and enhancements for multiple on-going initiatives  - Business process analysis and business flow improvements efforts  - ERP environment implementation. Working with vendor and third party resources, this effort included Lawson (Movex/M3) modules such as order management, MRP process, Finance Modules (GL, AR, AP, pricing, costing), Supply chain, Purchasing & inventory management following SDLC with imbedded Agile Sprints methodologies  - ERP environment customization, enhancements, training and support services.  - Managed Supply chain solution delivery projects as a component of a larger MRP project  - I have successfully worked very closely with SC teams to understand their requirements, map these into the IT solution, train and assist in testing and UAT phases.  - Conducted work sessions/shops with the SC teams and vendor and/or third party integrator to address user concerns, develop requirement stories and help develop/configure and deploy  - Assisted in process and user documentation development Data migration/integration and BI dashboards and reports development and distribution using ETL like process involving Lawson data and external files.  - Supported corporate wide network, helpdesk and desktop support services  - Coordinated resources' efforts of local, near-shore & offshore com resources  - Worked with hardware/software vendors on solution exploring, negotiation and service contracts.  - Process analysis & mapping, redesign and improvement initiatives in ERP/MRP Cycles - Order management, inventory, purchasing, EDI    Systems Support Manager  Computer Sciences Corporation - Schaumburg , IL 11/2005 - 1/2008  Responsibilities: Leading technical teams (of local, near shore and offshore talents) in supporting client's business needs. Performing Task/ Project Estimation, Planning and Solution Deployment Management. Managing technology resources allocation, cross-training while providing 24/7operations support. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager American Medical Association (AMA) - Chicago, IL October 2017 to Present Managing over 10 IT projects that include Infrastructure, Application development/enhancements, data center migration, Data base upgrades and migration, telephony systems/components upgrade/relocation A security related initiatives. A few of the enterprise wide projects include ServiceNow implementation, WebSphere-9 Upgrade, Solaris migration to Linux VM platforms and other security (Self-service-password-reset, SonarQube and BitBucket) and HW/SW Lifecycle related projects. All projects being managed using Waterfall/SDLC and Agile methodologies along with typical PMO style framework. Also assisting in developing/implementing PMO processes, artifacts and project guidelines. Senior IT Project Manager Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL September 2016 to September 2017 Working as member of the Technology Infrastructure Project Management Organization (TIPMO) managing multiple high visibility projects that varied in scope, size and technology. Project methodologies included SDLC and Agile. Project varieties included  - Cisco Communication software version upgrade - Global effort with over 8000 partners/phones  - Oracle data base implementation/migration/version upgrade, .Net, WebLogic, MQ/Solace version upgrades  - Application enhancements  - Vended application version upgrades  - New application development  - Platform life cycle projects with new infrastructure environment builds and/or provisioning (Windows, Linux VMs, Apache and Tomcat servers) IT Senior Project Manager CVS Health - Northbrook, IL June 2016 to August 2016 Working in IT engineering group and other enterprise functional teams as senior project manager, following SDLC and Agile methodologies for managing a multiple high visibility projects. Projects include:  - WebLogic upgrade with new server builds for new version of applications  - CIM Version Upgrade and new CIM servers Builds  - New infrastructure builds for migration of over 300 batch jobs/scripts to new VM servers.  All efforts were towards implementing up-to-date hardware and software solutions with enhanced environments performance. Typical set of environments includes Development, SIT, QA, PT, PrePROD and PROD. Also managing coordination efforts of build teams and development teams/resources while developing maintaining and communicating project timeline and driving deliverables. IT Senior Project Manager Zebra Technology - Lincolnshire, IL August 2015 to May 2016 Working in corporate IT PMO group as senior project manager, responsible for a variety of projects involving Lift & Shift of application and services' efforts within corporate wide services exit from Motorola based systems to Zebra. Also managing corporate ITSM ServiceNow application software enhancement initiative. Currently utilizing traditional waterfall methodology and also Agile Scrum methodology as best fits initiative. Coordinating and managing project efforts with worldwide resource teams. Managing all project phases - requirements, build, test and deployment.    Customer Information Portal Migration:  • Clone portal infrastructure and host it within Zebra network  • Migrate data source systems from a Motorola/CSC network to a new Zebra network  • Establish new integration from portal to new Zebra data source systems network  • Work with third-party resources for software integration  • Ensure smooth and portal customer transparent transition  • Maintain program/ project repositories in SharePoint.  • Exporting SharePoint lists into Excel for dashboard reporting    ServiceNow Sustaining & Enhancement  • Expand the ServiceNow offerings to Zebra corporate-wide users  • Build ServiceNow and Oracle ERP integration  • Integrate ServiceNow with HR On/Off boarding process of contractors and Employees. This included submissions and management or requests relating to telephony equipment, pc/laptop, and office locations etc.  • Work  • Customize ServiceNow for use by Real-estate group for user and location data management Sr IT Project Manager Walgreens - Lincolnshire, IL September 2014 to August 2015 Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  Working in corporate Enterprise Shared Services PMO group as senior project manager, responsible for a number of IT projects relating to software applications enhancements and new implementation to corporate-wide pharmacy and retail locations. Managing complete project cycle from requirements, scope, resources, budgets and timelines. Role involved close relationship and working with all enterprise multi-functional departments/groups such as network, security and compliance, infrastructure build, solutions architects and PMO. Working with local and global/offshore IT resources. Also working directly with stakeholders re project planning, budgets, progress and risks/issues escalation. Education AAS in Computer Science Truman College - Chicago, IL Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (Less than 1 year), RECEPTIONIST (Less than 1 year), RETAIL SALES (Less than 1 year), SELF-STARTER (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Other Skills / Traits:  - Quick Learner - Self-Starter  - Motivator - Team Leader/Player  - Good communicator - All business and user levels - Goal Oriented  - Customer service and Quality Driven - Good listener, Open minded  - Firm but fair