IT Project Manager - Contingent <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Contingent IT Project Manager - Contingent - THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS Clearfield, UT A Certified Agile Project Manager holding an MBA seeks to apply experience delivering projects on time and within budget, taking ownership from inception to delivery. Projects range from simple website component enhancements to complex, multi-team/business unit integrations. Skills include Agile and Waterfall methodologies, Scrum practices, strong technical comprehension (HTML, CSS, Javascript, Java, Adobe Experience Manager), and various PM tools (JIRA, Confluence, MS Project, Workfront, SmartSheets, Teamwork, etc).    CONTACT  E: ryan.palmer02@outlook.com  P: (801) 735-1461 Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager - Contingent THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS - Riverton, UT April 2017 to Present Lead a team of engineers in completing projects to update and maintain hardware for the global organization. Produce project plans, budgets, risk analyses, and approvals. Primarily utilize Waterfall methodology. IT Development Manager / Project Manager THOMASARTS - Farmington, UT May 2016 to April 2017 Wear many hats to provide strategic direction for the IT Development team and select client products to maximize throughput and efficiency; manage projects using Agile and Waterfall methodologies; train and coach Agile throughout the agency (developers, product owners, QA testers, etc); manage a backlog of improvements and new features for a high-profile, strategically critical client; interface directly with clients to provide recommendations on best solutions and practices, and negotiate project scope  ? Saved time and redundancy by establishing processes and educating product owners in executing a successful development project  ? Introduced important project management practices, like risk tracking, RACI matrices, WBS, project scheduling, and retrospective meetings Technical Project Manager Salt Lake City, UT August 2015 to May 2016 Drive projects internally and for assigned clients; serve as Scrum Master for several project teams (up to 8 at a time); provide leadership needed to collect and document requirements / user stories, acceptance criteria, and functional specifications; deliver RACI matrices, project plans, scope statements, and risk logs / mitigation plans; coordinate communication with client and internal stakeholders; facilitate user acceptance testing and demo; coach and strengthen the Agile Methodology (most projects - occasionally used Waterfall / Kanban approach)  ? Established a record of delivering projects on time and within budget, accommodating for scope change requests and resource changes  ? Identified opportunities for the agency to recruit new work by isolating gaps in technology processes and providing recommendations to the client  ? Increased team efficiency by offering Agile training and coaching IT Project Manager OVERSTOCK.COM - Salt Lake City, UT October 2012 to July 2015 Served as Scrum Master for six separate development teams, including mobile (Android, iOS), returns processing, logistics, and search; led and facilitated discovery effort, requirements gathering, and prioritization of projects (through ROI analyses); monitored and reported on projects throughout SDLC, from development start, into QA, through implementation and delivery  ? Saved estimated $350k by pushing prioritization on a project that had been de-prioritized for projects of lesser value  ? Rescued a Hadoop implementation project that had been poorly organized without a project manager; got it back on track and saw it through to completion, adding huge value and efficiency boost for analytics teams  ? Reformed Mobile Teams' release model to allow their work to be capitalized, resulting in cost savings  ? Recycled work done for a canceled project (written off as a loss) to use in a new project to generate $300k+ savings per quarter, turning a loss into a profit Education Master of Business Administration in Business Administration UNIVERSITY OF UTAH - Salt Lake City, UT August 2012 Bachelor of Hospitality Management in Hospitality Management UTAH VALLEY UNIVERSITY - Orem, UT December 2007