Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - MADARA WEBSOLUTIONS NETHERLANDS To work in your company as a Sr. Web Developer with 4 years of experience in design, development as well as enhancements of web applications and corporate websites. Also to share, train and apply my strong technical skills, proficiency with internet working technologies as well as graphic design abilities. To be a team player and leader with good communication skills. Assists in the planning and implementation of additions, deletions and major modifications to the supporting regional infrastructure. Work Experience Project Manager MADARA WEBSOLUTIONS NETHERLANDS May 2010 to Present Creates and executes project work plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements.  • Identifies resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities.  • Manages day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope.  • Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client.  • Effectively applies our methodology and enforces project standards.  • Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures.  • Minimizes our exposure and risk on project.  • Ensures project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately. Webmaster Corporate Executive Offices Inc November 2009 to May 2010 Developed Systems per company project.  Update Online Systems.  Invoice Management & Analysis Program  Booking System  Lock Audit  Technical Support for Clients. Webmaster Skin Prescriptive Marketing Inc June 2009 to November 2009 Maintain and developed the company website.  * Update and maintain E-commerce website on a monthly basis.  * Troubleshoot company computer units.  * Visit every botique for technical support of POS  * Manage the promotion of the company through email blast and text blast  * Multi tasking Junior I.T. Supervisor W.L. Segovia & Associates Inc May 2008 to June 2009 Developed and Designed Web Site, worked with a team in the company to Sell Web applications online. Organize events such as seminars and Company Events.  Do multi tasking.  Maintain company website    On the Job Training (OJT)  University of Perpetual Help System Laguna  Web application  Data encoder & Technical support  University of Perpetual Help System Laguna (November - January) Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Perpetual Help System Laguna - Nanjing, CN March 2009 Additional Information Areas of Interest    Reading technical and programming forums online,  Gathering ideas and information in website and graphical design  Manage people and do some procedure for the web architecture.  Design and implement the web system.    Area of Expertise    40wpm typing speed  Fluency in English  Microsoft Office  Programming  PHP (OOP), MySQL Database  jQuery | AJAX, and HTML  CSS, XML, JQuery    Knowledge in Open Source Designing  Adobe Professional CS5  Drupal, JOOMLA, Wordpress