Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager Grayslake, IL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Northern Trust Bank - Chicago, IL September 2016 to September 2017 Working as member of the Technology Infrastructure Project Management Organization (TIPMO) managing multiple high visibility projects that varied in scope, size and technology. Project methodologies included SDLC and Agile. Project varieties included  - Cisco Communication software version upgrade - Global effort with over 8000 partners/phones  - Oracle, .Net, Weblogic, MQ/Solace version upgrades  - Application enhancements  - Vended application version upgrades  - New application development  - Platform life cycle projects with new infrastructure environment builds and/or provisioning (Windows, Linux VMs, Apache and Tomcat servers) IT Senior Project Manager CVS Health - Northbrook, IL June 2016 to August 2016 Working in IT engineering group and other enterprise functional teams as senior project manager, managing a multiple high visibility projects. Projects include:  - WebLogic upgrade from version10.3.3 to 10.3.6 and 12.x. also included server builds for new version  - CIM Version Upgrade and new CIM servers Builds  - New infrastructure builds for migration of over 300 batch jobs/scripts to new VM servers.  All efforts were towards implementing up-to-date hardware and software solutions with enhanced environments performance. Typical set of environments includes Development, SIT, QA, PT, PrePROD and PROD. Also managing coordination efforts of build teams and development teams/resources while developing maintaining and communicating project timeline and driving deliverables. IT Senior Project Manager Zebra Technology - Lincolnshire, IL August 2015 to May 2016 Working in corporate IT PMO group as senior project manager, responsible for a variety of projects involving Lift & Shift of application and services' efforts within corporate wide services exit from Motorola based systems to Zebra. Also managing corporate ITSM ServiceNow application software enhancement initiative. Currently utilizing traditional waterfall methodology and also Agile Scrum methodology as best fits initiative. Coordinating and managing project efforts with worldwide resource teams. Managing all project phases - requirements, build, test and deployment.    Customer Information Portal Migration:  • Clone portal infrastructure and host it within Zebra network  • Migrate data source systems from a Motorola/CSC network to a new Zebra network  • Establish new integration from portal to new Zebra data source systems network  • Work with third-party resources for software integration  • Ensure smooth and portal customer transparent transition  • Maintain program/ project repositories in SharePoint.  • Exporting SharePoint lists into Excel for dashboard reporting    ServiceNow Sustaining & Enhancement  • Expand the ServiceNow offerings to Zebra corporate-wide users  • Build ServiceNow and Oracle ERP integration  • Integrate ServiceNow with HR On/Off boarding process of contractors and Employees. This included submissions and management or requests relating to telephony equipment, pc/laptop, and office locations etc.  • Work  • Customize ServiceNow for use by Real-estate group for user and location data management Sr. IT PM Walgreens - Lincolnshire, IL September 2014 to August 2015 Key Involvements, Objectives & Accomplishments:  Working in corporate Enterprise Shared Services PMO group as senior project manager, responsible for a number of IT projects relating to software applications enhancements and new implementation to corporate-wide pharmacy and retail locations. Managing complete project cycle from requirements, scope, resources, budgets and timelines. Role involved close relationship and working with all enterprise multi-functional departments/groups such as network, security and compliance, infrastructure build, solutions architects and PMO. Working with local and global/offshore IT resources. Also working directly with stakeholders re project planning, budgets, progress and risks/issues escalation. Education AAS Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Truman College - Chicago, IL Additional Information Other Skills / Traits:  - Quick Learner  - Self Starter  - Motivator  - Team Leader/Player  - Good communicator - All business and user levels  - Goal Oriented  - Customer service and Quality Driven  - Good listener, Open minded  - Firm but fair