Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Charter Communications Work Experience Project Manager Charter Communications January 2018 to Present Spectrum Guide Rollout (SGR) merging 3 disparate networks into one moving away from set-top boxes dependent upon individually program units to Cloud-based programming allowing for the introduction of APPs such as Netflix. Executive reporting, resource negotiation & escalation where needed to resolve blockers that prevent DEV team from completing critical deliverables. Role required agility, the ability to change direction quickly without warning, great attitude and a willingness to do whatever it takes to deliver. Agile/Waterfall hybrid environment.  • Worked with the following teams: ISP, Build, DOCSIS, Billing, Customer Service & QAM  • Executive reporting: created dashboards succinctly depicting current project deliverables  • WebEx meetings: escalations helping the SMEs focus & collaborate to identify defect root cause  • JIRA: Open, manage, and escalate high priority defects for speedy resolution. Led effort to eliminate MS Excel ticket management process and help to deliver new dashboard development  ? Increase visibility for high priority tickets ? Reduced data integrity issues ? Increase metrics accuracy    • POC: escalation management. X-Matters escalations consistently driving issues to successful resolution  ? Increase criticality and assured blocker was resolved and development could continue unimpeded Project Manager VISA 2017 to 2017 Managed several aspects of a major release of the Service Now platform. Aided in vendor management to deliver video training content for the 4K+ user community. Created SharePoint and training landing pages for content and user access. Provided process owner status updates for on-time development.  • Actively managed security audit findings to identify and reduce risk for on-time deployment  • Visa Europe - Successfully led project plan, dependencies and lane-owners for the regional, inaugural, deployment for the Service Now platform  • Dependency matrix - create dependency matrix to document and highlight upstream/downstream relationships  • Vendor Management - Managed vendor commitment to delivery videos, knowledge articles and job aids  • Quality Control - 39 training videos delivered, reviewed for content, quality and functionality in the Visa environment. Submitted and oversaw recommended changes for ultimate delivery to user audience  • Mentoring - aided junior teammates to plan, prioritize and deliver on tasks and agreements  • Developed and maintained program RAID including outreach to disparate teams to clear program road-blocks Project Manager WWT - World Wide Technology 2016 to 2017 Led and Supported WLAN projects of various sizes (5-150+ Wireless Access Points). Coordinated with layer 1 resources and performed site scheduling and coordination of all successful WLAN implementation.  • Created and managed PPM plan, implementation schedule and communication plan. Moderated weekly meetings per support lane including managing customer expectations with layer 1 team dependencies. Result: multi-site roll-out planned and implemented while coordinating high-variable dependencies.  • Site Survey: planning, coordination, execution and review for WLAN design. Potential dependency: remediation prior to implantation schedule.  • WLAN solution deployment: planning, coordination and execution of WLAN design. Coordinated with engineering team for equipment and layer 1 bill-of-materials, layer 1 team-lead and field resources, all arriving on time for scheduled cut-plan.  • Implementation plan: built-in risk days for the unexpected to meet expected Go/No-Go deadline. Result: 100% successful implementations to date. IT Project Analyst DaVita, IT PMO 2014 to 2016 Tasked to assist in the implementation of IT PMO projects. Provided day-to-day support to project/program manager as well as managed assigned project activities in planning, design, delivery and implementation to ensure successful project delivery. Managed small initiatives with limited scope within the program.  • Managed weekly and monthly project spending analysis; hours/costs, travel and vendor related expenses - Result: Created a new project/program spending report adopted by the entire IT PMO providing greater transparency and identifying areas where expenses may be under reported  • Reviewed and communicated project schedule for overdue and upcoming tasks with lane-owner  • PCR - Project Change Requests: created, provided analysis, and obtained approvals  • Vendor management: coordinated with 3rd party vendor helping to manage deliverables Education MS Colorado Technical University 2006 BA in Radio and Television Production The George Washington University 1997 Skills PROJECT MANAGER (2 years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (1 year), SHAREPOINT (1 year), TRAINING (1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/laurapringle Additional Information KEY COMPETENCIES  Project Manager/Business Analyst: Ability to formulate project plans, tracking logs, and requirements to deliver projects on time and within budget. Streamline processes for increased efficiencies. Decomposition of complex data into easily consumable information reducing project risks. Written and verbal communication with excellence in technical and project documentation and artifacts. Advanced problem solving training and team leadership skills.  TOOLS OF THE TRADE  • Advanced Degree • PM Lifecycle • 5-years Leadership Training  • Data analytics • MS Office Suite • MS Excel - Intermediate functions  • SharePoint • MS Project • ServiceNow & JIRA  • OneDrive Office 365 • MS Visio • Business Requirements