IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Taoti Creative Arlington, VA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Taoti Creative - Washington City, DC December 2017 to Present Project Management - Manages 11 active projects ranging from full website redesigns to on-going maintenance projects, totaling about a million dollars.  Project Team Lead - Client-facing team-lead responsible for managing budgets, project timelines, and resourcing through the discovery, user experience, design, development, and testing phases of projects through launch. Successfully manages multiple teams of 4+ with peers in multiple countries.  Training - Delivers system trainings to walk clients through the design and development best practices implemented to empower their use of the CMS moving forward. Creates and provides supplemental documentation on the technology and outlines how we deliver measurable, built-to-last solutions for each web site.  New Business Development - Participates in new business opportunities, including the creation of proposals, scoping, and presentations. Grows existing client business through continued value-added recommendations and client relationships. Secured nearly half a million dollars in new business with existing clients in the last year. Business Analyst ICF 2014 to 2017 Project Management - Managed multiple large multimillion-dollar federal IT projects day-to-day utilizing the Agile process to oversee strategy, scope, schedule, documentation, and resources. Lead numerous projects through all phases of the SDLC to a successful completion.  Client Service and Management - Worked closely with clients at the executive level and internal development teams to define, analyze, evaluate, manage and test website development projects requirements. Obtained a public trust clearance from a federal agency.  Training - Successfully organized and conducted client training events and system demonstrations for a grants management system that houses several different OMB approved forms to audiences of 200+. Participated in Accessibility, Requirements Lead and Agile trainings to later mentor new hires. Education MBA James Madison University September 2019 BS in Management James Madison University 2014 Skills Jira (5 years), Microsoft sharepoint (5 years), Sharepoint (5 years) Additional Information SKILLS  • Website development management • Proficient in the Agile/SCRUM and Waterfall  • Technical proficiency in Drupal & WordPress methodologies  • Knowledgeable in all Microsoft applications • Familiar with 508 Accessibility Standards  • Skilled in management/documentation tools • Outstanding attention to detail  such as: SharePoint, Teamwork, JIRA, Trello • Enhances company culture through  • Familiar with design tools such as: Abode spearheading philanthropic projects and  Illustrator, Invision, Axure mindfulness initiatives