Lead Project installer Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> installer Lead Project installer Aurora, CO Work Experience Lead Project installer D.M.I Technologies - Aurora, CO July 2016 to August 2017 Responsibilities: Build out and test all data, troubleshoot and problem solve differences in trade  drawings and coordinate, plan, and execute the solutions to turn over all data. Terminate, Test, and Label  all security fiber optics. I.T. Manager Munoz Trucking - El Paso, TX July 2015 to July 2016 Responsibilities: Maintain, facilitate, install and operate all hardware, software and programming of all Network operations and security. Build out Data infrastructure for dispatcher call center as well as  corporate office. Skills ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ACCESS CONTROL (Less than 1 year), APACHE (Less than 1 year), AVIATION (Less than 1 year), BICSI (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SD TECHNOLOGIES - June 30th 2014 to July 13th 2015  El Paso, Texas    Position: BICSI/DSX Technician    Projects: Sun Metro, Texas Tech, UMC, EPCC, Region 19, Griffols Plasma Center, Verizon and  various other clients.    Responsibilities: Build out, install, troubleshoot track and progress various DSX, Identacard and  Other low voltage systems. As well as install Phone, Fiber and Data infrastructure.  Respond to various trouble calls involving access control, alarm, and any other  Low voltage systems.  Anistar Technologies - May 20th 2014 to June 30th 2014  El Paso, Texas    Position: Lead Technician/OSP Fiber Installer    Projects: 283rd Command. Fort Bliss    Responsibilities: Coordinate with USACE to bring SIPRNet and NIPRNet from a  secured manhole to inside and throughout the command.  Build out rack and secure conduit pathway to lock box fiber connection  for secure networks. Ran installed and terminated all fiber and copper.    ARC Electric - December 2013 to May 20th 2014  Las Cruces, NM    Position: Lead IT/Low Voltage Installer    Project: Las Cruces National Guard Armory  Responsibilities: Coordinate with USACE and General contractor to build  out all Access Control, Low voltage smart lighting. Build out all IT rooms  as well as run terminate and test all Cat 6Data, and copper within the facility.    Enhanced Communications Contractors - October 2013 to December 2013  Albuquerque, NM    Position: Lead Technician / Installer    Projects: Thyson Grumman, Walgreens    Responsibilities: Install, Terminate, and Test Access Control, CCTV, Data and Phone.  Plan, progress, and track projects.  Black Box Networking Services - October 2012 to May 2012  El Paso, Texas    Position: Lead BICSI / DSX Technician    Projects: Helen of Troy Corporate Facilities    Responsibilities: Coordinate the installation of a few thousand Data drops and the  building of 4 IT Server rooms throughout the facility. While working with  Helen of Troy IT department.    EP Techworks - 2010 to 2012  Albuquerque, NM    Position: Project Management    Projects: E Rate involving new Data, Fiber and Wireless install for all schools within the  Laguna, NM school district. Belen, NM school district. Las Vegas NM school  district.  Federal Projects involving Access Control, CCTV, Data, Fiber, OSP.  Fabens Border Patrol Detention Facility, Fort Bliss THADD Facility,  Fort Bliss Troop Recovery Facility, Lackland Air Force Troop Facility.  AT&T Projects involving bringing Fiber from Street to costumers.  Sunland optical, Bank of the West,  DSX Projects involving Access Control.  Gila Regional Medical Facilities, Silver City NM.  Various other projects throughout the area involving Phone, Fiber and Data.    Responsibilities: Plan, Coordinate and execute various projects involving the installation  of Access Control, CCTV, Phone, Fiber, Data, OSP and Low Voltage system's.  Tug Hill Construction - 2006 to 2010  Biggs Army Airfield    Position: General Superintendent 2008 to 2010  Assistant Superintendent 2007 to 2008  Foreman of Earthwork, Grading, Traffic Control, Labor 2006 to 2007    Projects: Sergeant Major Blvd (20 Million $)  Infantry Platoon Battle course 49 (6.5 Million $)  Combat Aviation Brigade preliminary grade (5.1 Million $)  Combat Aviation Brigade phase I and II. (28.8 Million $)  CAB Airfield apron (43.9 Million $)    Responsibilities: Heavy Earth, Grading, Storm, Sewer, Water, Gas, Fire Water lines, Airfield fire  Suppression, OSP Telecommunications  Fine Grading, Concrete Placement, Slip form and Hand. Demolition and  Deconstruction. Concrete roads. and striping and Fencing retention  ponds. Signage, sidewalks, hydrants, manholes for all utilities.  Plan, Coordinate, Execute all trades and 400 plus employees.  Track, document, and progress the project.  Coordinate with USACE and Army throughout project.    Apache Barricade - 8 years  El Paso, Texas    Position: Work Zone Traffic Control Specialist    Projects: TX DOT, Union Pacific, El Paso Electric, El Paso Water, TX Gas.    Responsibilities: Provide 24 hour on call service for Highway work zone traffic site safety.  For various contractors throughout the area.