Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Boca Raton, FL Organized and focused professional with hand on experience directing projects valued at 500 thousand dollars. Works well with people at all levels of the organization, including with stakeholders, customers and outside vendors. In Pursue of Securing a promising position that offers both a challenge and a good opportunity for growth within a company, to work where my experience can be used effectively to develop business in order to achieve and surpass department goals and succeed in this field with hard work and perseverance. Work Experience Project Manager NLG Worldwide - Jupiter, FL September 2017 to October 2018 • Orchestrated projects within strict timeframes and budget constraints by employing critical thinking to solve complex problems and working closely with senior leaders.  • Delivered completed projects on time by prioritizing multiple tasks.  • Minimized lags by leading and scheduling personnel in different countries and implementing new protocols.  • Collected information from clients and made follow-up calls to gather additional details.  • Handled diverse and simultaneous office tasks in a smooth and efficient manner.  • Executed a number of highly profitable projects with budgets from $1,000-$500,000  • Acting as first point contact for all clients project. IT Support LYNN University - Boca Raton, FL May 2016 to August 2017 • Manage, train and motivate workers that join our team.  • Acting as first point contact for the students, faculty and staff.  • Organize, execute, and complete IT related projects in for the entire university.  • Organize, execute, and complete APPLE and APPLE products related projects and task for the entire university.  • Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects. Lawyer MYRO Associates - Maracaibo, VE February 2015 to January 2016 Venezuela  • Produced legal documents such as briefs, pleadings, appeals, wills and contracts.  • Mediating in negotiation for different companies in Venezuela.  • Provided services efficiently and with high level of accuracy.  • Organized and maintained law libraries, documents and case files.  • Interpreted laws, rulings and regulations for individuals and businesses.  • Drafted memoranda and legal documents under the supervision of staff attorneys. Education MBA in International Business Lynn University - Boca Raton, FL 2017 J.D. in Law Universidad Rafael Urdaneta 2016 Skills Excel, Microsoft project, Microsoft sharepoint, Ms excel, Outlook, Project management, scheduling, Sharepoint, team player, Customer Service, budget, Word