Director of Information Technology Director of Information Technology Director of Information Technology Commack, NY Work Experience Director of Information Technology F.C.A - Mineola, NY 2016 to 2017 Oversee all technology operations and evaluate them according to established goals.  Devise and establish IT policies and systems to support the implementation of strategies set by the Executive Team.  Authored the agency's IT Strategic Plan and Project Roadmap.  Analyze the business requirements of all departments to determine their technology needs.  Purchase efficient and cost effective technological equipment and software.  Inspect the use of technological equipment and software to ensure functionality and efficiency.  Identify the need for upgrades, configurations or new systems and report to upper management.  Coordinate IT managers and supervise network administrators, technicians and other professionals to provide guidance.  Control budget and report on expenditure.  Implemented changes resulting in over $200K in operating expense savings.  Planned and managed physical-to virtual server migration: retired over thirty servers and saved over $50K in operating expenses.  Led the evaluation and selection of a new HR and Payroll system for the agency.  Led the evaluation and selection of a new Electronic Health Record for the agency.  Assist in building relationships with vendors and creating cost-efficient contracts.  Provide technical guidance for state and federal government grant initiatives.  Participates and provides remediation for the results of Enterprise and System Wide Audits:  Financial Information Security Audit - Baker Tilly  HIPAA Audit IT Project Manager F.R.E.E - Old Bethpage, NY 2012 to 2016 Works to design and implement information systems which will support the enterprise needs of the organization.  Analyzes system requirements to ensure effective integration with current and future systems/processes.  Provide optimization of information management approaches through an understanding of evolving business needs and technology capabilities.  Ensures that projects do not duplicate functionality or diverge from each other or business and IT strategies.  Works with implementation teams to provide consensus based enterprise solutions that are scalable, adaptable, and in synchronization with the ever-changing business needs of the agency.  Ensures that Implementation Applications are working at optimal levels and offers support to teams regarding new technologies and system requirements.  Provides SQL Coding and Database Support for a cross section of agency Software Applications.  Defines master data management (MDM) requirements and works to develop a strategy for the enterprise.  Participates and provides remediation for the results of Enterprise and System Wide Audits:  Financial Information Security Audit - Baker Tilly  HIPAA Audit  Engages Network Service Provider to resolve network issues, improve end user experience, develop Disaster Recovery Plans that meet the overall strategy for the agency.  Provides SQL Coding and Database Support for a cross section of agency Software Applications. Education planning and testing Coordinated Oracle University talent development and continuing education - New York, NY 1999 to 2005 Skills HIPAA (5 years), integration (5 years), INTEGRATOR (5 years), Oracle (5 years), Project Management (5 years) Additional Information Core Competencies:  Strategic Planning ? Enterprise Architecture ? Roadmaps ? Technology solutions ? Seamless Integration  Business intelligence ? Data Warehousing ? Best Practices ? Technical Design ? Project Management  Development Methodology ? Strategy & Implementation ? Outsourcing ? Talent Development ? Platform Selection  HIPAA Compliance ? Testing & Quality Assurance ? Financial Security Compliance ? IT Budgeting  VMWare Workstation ? SQL ? XML ? HTML ? Visual Basic ? Mobile Device Management ? Office 2013  Six Sigma ? SAP ? Oracle ? Agresso Unit 4 ? HP Quality Center ? Quick Test Pro ? Total Quality Management