Business Analyst/ Project Manager Business Analyst/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Business Analyst/ Project Manager - eCommerce Website Canyon, TX Dedicated Project Manager/Administrator with lean process experience. Demonstrated success in clearly communicating complex technical issues with all stakeholders. Strong reporting skills, including financial reporting, managing trends, budgets, business processes, and best practices.    Technical Skills and Competencies  Systems: SAP, Office 365, TMW, Ascend, AWS  Databases: SAP, Relational Databases, UNIX, SQL, mySQL  Languages: SQL  Software: MS Office, MS SharePoint, MS Project, Crystal Reports, Report Writer, Visio Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst/ Project Manager eCommerce Website - Amarillo, TX January 2015 to Present Provide professional leadership to team members related to project deployment, network security and stability, and end user support. Managed multiple team members, developed project, managed timelines, and ensured project completeness.  • Provide management with accurate and timely project/team status reports  • Extensive data Analysis, Front end Reporting Tools, Data Warehousing, Analytics, Data Mining, Power Point, Word, and Excel.  • Developed customer Data Warehouse, utilizing ET tools, including data extraction, data transformation, and data loading.  • Lead the planning, design, development, and deployment of mission-critical information and software systems; completion of documentation.  • Managing all aspects of current projects, assigning tasks, monitoring project completeness, reviewing quotes, setting timelines, and maintaining project indicators were completed on time, on budget and with the desired end results.  • Perform diagnose and deliver root cause analysis for deliverability issues, application, hardware, network, and O/S issues.  • Manage internal customer relations and expectations; lead team in conducting feasibility studies to help support buy verses build decisions; designing and/or providing input into the training plans for team members.  • Contribute to the development of processes to maintain business continuity and recovery standards for endpoint systems and networks. IT Manager/ Project Manager Davidson Oil - Amarillo, TX May 2013 to January 2015 Managed multiple small scale projects related to cost reduction, lean processes and technological improvement.  • Utilized technical, business and financial expertise to communicate with executives and their respective teams.  • Developed and managed corporate network infrastructure.  • Recommended new projects, providing oversite to employees, budgets, and consultants.  • Managed, deployed and supported multiple network and software projects and Office 365/SharePoint Implementation  • Consult with users, clients, vendors to assess computing needs and system requirements.  • Coordinate workload and task assignments, and mentor the team with respect to functional and technical aspects of project. IT Manager/Business Analyst Arden Companies - Amarillo, TX February 2012 to May 2013 • Business Analyst for SAP ERP rollout  • Managed local hardware, computers, peripherals, etc.  • Managed team, oversaw tasks and assigned duties. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT Additional Information Skills: Project Management, SCRUM, Change Management, Management, Solution Architecture, Quantative Analysis, Team Building, ETL Tools, Data Warehouse Integration