Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - L'Oréal New York, NY Work Experience Project Manager L'Oréal - New York, NY January 2018 to Present ? Manage schedules, budgets, resource allocations, and quality of deliverables for projects across three global brands under L’Oréal using Agile project methodologies.  ? Analyze project performance data and reconcile accounts for multiple projects to prepare monthly executive level project status and budget reports.  ? Facilitate meetings with stakeholders and department leads to initiate new projects for product development, marketing campaigns, and product launches in U.S. and global markets.  ? Develop and maintain strong cross-functional relationships by bridging communications between the Creative Accounts team, marketing, and external production vendors to mitigate risks and ensure deliverables are within scope, time, and budget at each stage of the project life cycle.   ? Utilize Excel, JIRA, and Deltek to lead weekly project related meetings and review project progress at all levels of management. Operations Officer (Volunteer) Heritage Africa - Washington, DC July 2015 to Present ? Developed governance processes for all programs and collaborations initiated by Heritage Africa and partners to establish and improve client relationships and ensure and project efforts are in alignment with strategic goals.  ? Utilize Asana and Basecamp to create project plans, communication frameworks, and operation guidelines to manage mid to large complex projects using Waterfall and Hybrid methodologies.  ? Support multiple functional teams to promote organizational and industry knowledge and ensure project delivery. Project Manager One City Health - New York, NY July 2017 to January 2018 ? Created a complete PMO Playbook to establish communication, mitigation strategy, and governance standards as a member of One City Health’s PMO Team.   ? Conducted MS Project data integration to SharePoint for PMO project analysis and reporting; while tracking project work via SharePoint to facilitate weekly project review meetings with key stakeholders and functional leads to manage project progress, mitigate risks, and ensure governance adherence. Assistant Project Manager Heritage Africa - London November 2016 to January 2017 ? Successfully created a detailed business case and project plan with a budget of £5M to ensure project deliverables and organizational strategic goals are aligned and met.  ? Prepared concise strategy presentations and project reports for senior management using Microsoft Excel and Visio; while utilizing MS Project and SharePoint to successfully manage projects tasks, deliverables, issue logs, and project resources across the organization. Jr. IT Project Manager Czarnikow - London June 2016 to September 2016 ?  Utilized MS Project and SharePoint Quick Launch to initiate and manage projects for the development and implementation of a new intranet system across the organization using Agile methodologies.  ?  Developed a communication campaign framework, governance procedures, and knowledge management strategy to optimize the sustainability of the platform and reduce costs by 12% annually across the organization. Education Masters of Science in International Business and Project Management Kingston University Business School in London - London September 2016 Bachelors of Science in Chemistry and Biology Northern Illinois University in DeKalb - DeKalb, IL December 2014 Skills DELTEK (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (10+ years), ILLUSTRATION (Less than 1 year), INDESIGN (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Salesforce (1 year), CRM (1 year), PM, PMP, Project Management Certifications/Licenses PRINCE2 - Certification February 2016 to Present Assessments Organizational Skills — Highly Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/kzxeixmk76xede4b Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/tla6gei2agtpyyi Project Management Skills: Time Management — Expert December 2018 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jrf1g7omx0ybbmqb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information Skills  Computer and Software Skills  Microsoft Office, Visio, MS Project, Tableau, Trello, SharePoint, JIRA, Salesforce, SQL, Google Analytics, Deltek, Asana, Basecamp, Monday