IT Security Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Security <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Division Manager New York, NY Master of science in computer and information systems (October 2019).  2 years experience as division manager.  10 months total experience in IT project management.  Fast-leaner, motivated, hardworking, responsible, meticulous, organized, team player.  Excellent communication skills.  Technical abilities in software development, networks, systems, database and big data. Sponsorship required to work in the US Work Experience IT Security Project Manager EDF - Paris (75) April 2019 to Present In charge of a security compliance project for the company.   Conducting meetings with different teams and managers and coordinating every person involved.  Creating WBS, RACI, reports.  Searching for solutions and assessing their implementation in the current environment.  Second project to come. Sales Promoter Atmosperes - Paris (75) December 2015 to March 2019 Presenting connected objects and technological tools (Huawei phone,  GoPro ) to clients in all kind of stores. Junior IT Project Manager StimPlus - Paris (75) July 2018 to October 2018 Managing a migration project for KPMG, in all their agencies in France.  Team leader in a team of 10 people.  Problem solving.  In charge of scheduling daily team's tasks and weekly project's plan.  Creating daily reports on the project's progress.  In charge of logistics: safe packaging, shipping, labelling, supervising.  Conducting meetings with senior project manager, client, team and CEO, and coordinating every person involved. Division Manager SUPINFO International University - Paris (75) August 2016 to October 2018 In charge of the new division at SUPINFO.  In charge of scheduling coaching sessions for the whole student body.  Scripting VBA and weekly reports.  Responsible for finding mentors for every course studied.  Supervision of every session. System and Network Administrator Siemens - Casablanca July 2017 to October 2017 IT Support for users, Incident management and Application management.  In charge of scheduling and prioritizing tasks for the team and responsible for meeting deadlines.  Network Configuration, setup and maintenance of VoIP phones, network printers, servers (Windows) and computers.  Installing computer hardware.  Conducting meetings in English, French and Arabic. Education Master of Science in Information Technology Supinfo International University - Paris (75) November 2015 to October 2019 Skills Outlook, Scheduling, Estimating, maintenance, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, Project Management, Project Coordination, Time Management, Agile, ITIL Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/sofia-benhaddou-240bb910b/?locale=en_US