Sr. IT Project Manager Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Sr. IT Project Manager Southlake, TX Work Experience Sr. IT Project Manager NEC - Irving, TX April 2017 to March 2018 • Managed all components of the Point of Sale (POS) and Pin pad Hardware Deployment to over 8000+ Sites U.S. and Canada    • Develop project plan and drive project milestones.    • Plan, design, coordinate and manage the implementation of all Hardware/ Operation deployments. Responsible for identifying and improving current hardware deployment processes.    • Work directly with clients (7 -Eleven) regarding changes to the project scope, project risk, assessment of possible constraints and identification of new service opportunities    • Manage the project deliverables throughout all phases of deployment and ensure projects adheres to all project management principles and guidelines    • Ensure effective change management occurs throughout the course of the project.    • Ensure proper resources are in place to provide effective and quality deployment    • Coordinate the interaction with internal teams in the areas of procurement, kick-off meetings, resource management and support. Communicate plans, training and documentation for project status to all stakeholders throughout the lifecycle of the project.    • Develop training, installation materials and documentation to transfer team members    • Act as the central point for escalations and Issue tracking/resolution    • Transition of completed deployments to internal support Sr. Program Manager III Frontier Communication - Richardson, TX October 2015 to December 2016 • Lead the Verizon FIOs Video (Complete Video Portfolio) Migration to Frontier Communication Project    • Facilitated all communications between Vendors, (Cisco, Verizon, Arris, Seachange, Vubiquity, Invidi, Ultraviolet and Ericsson) the Product teams and the Business units to deploy FIOs and new products to the market.  • Handled the complete end to end deployment of Verizon FIOs Video hardware and software features and functionality in support of the Product roadmap by taking the lead in deliverables and timing of all aspects of the project.  • Responsible for signoff of functional and technical product specifications/requirements and lockdown product release schedules between the various cross functional teams including Legal, Sales, Marketing, and IT.  • Incorporated new and existing data analytics into the new product requirements to create metrics to track new product performance and lessons learned.  • Responsible for Verizon FIOs portfolio lifecycle management including existing product rationalization / justification, while implementing new processes and optimizing existing processes and tools. Projects in Nature: TVE, VOD, Security, Infrastructure, Reporting, Finance, Cable TV, Web, Mobile(IOS/Android), Ad Insertion Lead Agile IT Project Manager and Scrum Master AT&T /Spar - Richardson, TX May 2014 to October 2015 • Lead Project Manager for the Complete DIRECTV and AT&T Conversion/Migration Project.    • Conducts program management of large company-wide programs that are cross-functional and strategic in nature project including: Big Data (Data Warehouse), HFM, SAP, eCDW, Network Security, Infrastructure, Reporting, Finance, Cable TV, Web and , Mobile development  • Lead large cross functional teams to manage programs within allotted timeline and budget. Defines program scope and objectives.  • Defines project scope and objectives, directs activities of project teams, and identifies resources.  • Programs are the most complex, are company-wide, with program activities that require an extremely high level of analysis to create program objectives for new programs that have external impacts.  • Work with external vendors and internal stakeholders to champion program/ project(s) across the entire organization.  • Develops detailed work plans, schedules, estimates, resource plans, and status reports. Leads program meetings and is responsible for program tracking and analysis.  • Ensure adherences to quality standards and reviews program/ project deliverables.  • Manages the integration of vendor tasks and tracks and reviews vendor deliverables.  • Provides technical and analytical guidance to project team.  • Communicates to client/vendors/leadership.  • Utilized: Microsoft Office/ MS Project/Q-Net/ SharePoint/ PRISM/RALLY/CMPM/ITUP/MOTS/T-Space/VPN Remote Access Solutions Education MBA in Global Management Ashford University - Clinton, IA Bachelor of Arts in Project Management Ashford University - Clinton, IA