Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - PMI, PMBOK, Waterfall and Agile West Chester, PA Obtain a job as a Project Manager that would utilize and challenge my skills, as well as allow me to grow professionally. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager Holy Redeemer Health System - Huntingdon Valley, PA October 2017 to Present IT Project Manager February 2016- October 2017    • Promoted to Senior IT Project Manager, where I successfully directed over 20 highly visible projects ranging from budgets of $100K to $5M. Tools and methodologies used include: PMI, PMBOK, Waterfall and Agile.  • Establish deadlines, assign resource responsibilities, and summarize progress of each assigned project through the appropriate Program Management Office processes.  • Build and maintain positive working relationships with the associated project team members, various hospital departments, and vendors involved in the assigned project.  • Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and develop strategies for improvement.  • Collaborate with various departments to develop scope, project plans, change management requests, and budget.  • Eliminate risks and delays by acquiring alternative suppliers to provide project materials. Negotiate resource allocation for project tasks with hospital managers.  • Communicate project status to management and internal departments via use of status reports and presentations. Facilitate work sessions to drive project buy-in and consensus. Systems Analyst / Project Coordinator Cerner - Malvern, PA January 2013 to July 2015 • Knowledgeable in both Soarian Financials Patient Access and Revenue Management.  • Managed a long-term care application implementation project, in order to get the facility up on their first EMR system.  • Assisted with integrated testing and implementation support for multiple client sites.  • Analyzed and resolved application issues through use of collaboration, researching, and implementing best practices.  • Coordinated and provided educational instruction for over 300 employees on Soarian Financials and Soarian Scheduling over a three month duration.  • Assigned as the lead analyst for an application implementation to assist with designing, building, and managing the product. Education Masters of Health Management Systems in Project Management Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA August 2011 to August 2012 Bachelor of Science in Kinesiology The Pennsylvania State University - University Park, PA August 2007 to May 2011 program for College Hires Skills COST CONTROL (Less than 1 year), DOCUMENTATION (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), LEADERSHIP SKILLS (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses PMI-PMP December 2017 to December 2020 Additional Information Skills:  • Leadership skills with the ability to motivate individuals.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office, Visio, Excel, SharePoint and Project.  • Communicates effectively.  • Negotiation skills.  • Cost control and time management.  • Software documentation.