Project Estimator <span class="hl">Project</span> Estimator Houston, TX Work Experience Project Estimator Florida Traffic Control Devices, Inc. - Pearland, TX September 2017 to Present • Executed large-scale construction estimates through B2W software and Excel.  • Devised procedures to analyze engineering design choices, creating a complete database of calculations and specifications needed for drill shafts, structure weight, concrete use and more.  • Collaborated with project managers and labor force on improving forecast accuracy, thus reducing excess material and labor costs by 12%.  • Quantified previous bid results and highlighted key bid item areas where the company could potentially save in cost.  Established five new subcontractor relationships in those corresponding sectors.  • Performed cost-benefit analysis' to formulate when to use specific subcontractors, saving tens of thousands of dollars on multiple bid proposals. IT Manager Spring Dental - Spring, TX August 2015 to September 2017 • Increased productivity by 25% through implementation of new data management software.  • Created additional computer protocols focused on improving patient care and employee accountability, guaranteeing  employee-patient transparency.  • Communicated effectively with patients regarding treatment and financial arrangements, resulting in a 15% increase in payment cash flow. Mechanical Engineering Intern Audubon Engineering - Houston, TX June 2014 to August 2014 Inspected and evaluated piping and instrument diagrams to develop extensive equipment, line, and valve lists for various  projects in the oil and gas field.  • Orchestrated the development of a team project for the internship program, a complete design-build of a natural gas plant.  • Completed project on schedule by leading intern group in team meetings and creating individual progress reports which maximized the feedback and productivity of the various engineering disciplines. Project Estimating Intern Audubon Engineering - Houston, TX June 2013 to August 2013 • Conducted the initial phases of Total Installed Cost estimates for four major oil and gas downstream projects.  • Consulted with project managers and clients to discuss feasibility, methodology, and projected costs for different phases of the project.  • Analyzed P&IDs, PFDs, and other documents to develop complete scope of work, minimizing the expected plus/minus on equipment, labor, and operating costs. Education Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering The University of Texas at Austin, Cockrell School of Engineering - Austin, TX August 2015 Certificate in Business Foundations McCombs School of Business Skills Excel (10+ years), Bid2Win (2 years), Estimating (2 years) Certifications/Licenses Engineer In Training (EIT) September 2016 to Present Board of Professional Engineers, Mechanical Engineering Additional Information • Skills: Bid2Win, AutoCAD, SolidWorks, MATLAB, C++, AspenTech Software, ArcGIS, Visual Studio, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint