Consultant, IT Project Manager Consultant, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Columbus, OH • Certified as a Project Management Professional and Certified Scrum Master, I have  15 years of diverse experience in program management, new product development, applications development using SDLC, Agile and Waterfall methodologies, business process transformation, project controls, budgeting, scheduling, planning, financial analysis, and earned value performance measurement  • Created and Initiated a Project Management Office (PMO), as well as managed a department of project managers  • Managed virtual teams, off-shore contractors, highly matrixed teams with multiple dependencies and IT build lines  • Deliver business value by managing single, small projects to multiple, large projects and programs ($100K - $23M)  • Flexible communication styles to work effectively with all levels of personnel, from contractors in the field through executive level management.  • Proficient in the following Project Management Software: MS Project, Primavera, Clarity, Team Foundation Server (TFS) less Work Experience Consultant, IT Project Manager Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company - Columbus, OH March 2014 to Present Nationwide Insurance - IT Program/ Project Management  (Fortune 100, Mutual company that provides insurance and financial services in the United States.)    • Program/ Project Manger working on the following initiatives:  ? Test & Learn Portfolio for Enterprise Digital Enablement -  * Deliver Innovative products, including the first Amazon Echo Skill for Nationwide, and a Smart Driver Program using Big Insights  * Financially responsible to deliver products and features valuing $6M-$10M annually for our business partners and members  * Lead cross-functional teams with offshore resources, FTE's and contractors  * Enhance Speed to Market by leading business and IT process improvement initiatives  * Simultaneously manage 5-10 active projects ranging in sizes and dependent applications  * Partner with external vendors: Review and approve contractor invoices, process change orders, and work through scope of work negotiations  * Execute project deliverables using the Agile Methodology  * Communicate Progress to the Executive leadership team  * Improve team collaboration by utilizing a Spot Site and a Virtual Task Board    ? Personal Lines Transformation, a Tier 1, Business Transformation Program -  * Responsible for $2.5M annual budget  * Manage external vendor team of developers and testers through a firm-fixed price contract, Review and approve contractor invoices  * Manage project deliverables using the Agile Methodology  * Communicate Project Status Bi-weekly to Program and Executive leadership Sr. Project Manager Mission Essential Personnel - Columbus, OH Mission Essential Personnel - Sr. Project Manager, Enterprise Systems  (Global professional services company that provides human-capital solutions to government and corporate clients.)    • LMS Implementation project- Responsible for deliverables through the full software development life cycle (SDLC) which includes discovery, analysis, design, construction, test and implementation, and rollout  • Contributed to the development of a project management methodology and assisted in the construction of a formalized program office - currently AGILE and SCRUM, acted as SCRUM master for projects  • Provide direction to project resources, monitor development efforts, assemble key project deliverables, and intelligently identify issues and risks requiring escalation when reporting project status  • Lead business analysts, on a per- project basis, in extracting requirements from external stakeholders, internal business representatives, and software development teams  • Lead project teams to deliver multiple, simultaneous projects that span across several business or technology areas New Product Development Manager and PMO Manager Ametek - San Diego, CA AMETEK, Inc. - Project Management and New Product Development  (Global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electromechanical devices; $2.1 billion annual sales)    • Programmable Power Div.- Project Manager-New Product Development, San Diego, CA  ? Delivered 1 new product to market every quarter by managing a matrixed team from sales, design, engineering, and manufacturing  ? Manage New Product Development program for all catalog product development projects using the Product Life Cycle (PLC) Process  ? Perform gap analysis for Business Process Improvement (BPI) and propose solutions to executive management  ? Review and revise PLC Process, including creating process maps  ? Provide PLC Process training to internal stakeholders  ? Conduct Stage Gate Reviews with Sr. Management staff  ? Collaborate with engineering to create technical review process for new product development  ? Communicate project status to the Division President and Senior Vice Presidents through project schedules, meeting minutes, risk mitigation plans, and monthly status reports  ? Report to Director of Marketing    • SolidState Controls - Project Administration Manager, Columbus, Ohio  ? Report to Vice President of World-Wide Operations  ? Manage Project Administration department, coordinating use of material and human resources  ? Evaluate current work processes and propose improvements to enhance effectiveness of operations  ? Report revenue monthly, quarterly, and yearly, coordinating with international offices in Argentina, Mexico, and Singapore  ? Manage $2M in short life-cycle project, including contract reviews, documentation submittals, change orders, and logistics  ? Coordinate department schedules in order to meet or enhance revenue goal Project Manager American Electric Power (AEP) - Columbus, OH American Electric Power - Project Management, Columbus, OH  • Project Management - Mitchell Retrofit Environmental Project - Project management team on Capital Construction Project of $1 Billion+; Construction including Wet Scrubbers, SCRs, Waste Water Treatment Facility, and associated projects  ? Saved company $3M annually by creating and defining a Material Control Processes based on stakeholders' inputs of workflow  ? Developed project proposals, including rate of return calculations, scope of work statements, requests for proposals, and negotiation with vendors  ? Established collaborative efforts and communication between vendors and site personnel regarding material and equipment deliveries  ? Conducted Project Lessons Learned; facilitated and arranged Lessons Learned Consortium with multi-level audience  ? Managed all activities regarding the project Action Items, Issues, and Restraints Database, including compiling items and following them through to resolution  ? Resolved claims regarding scope gap, Change Orders, and invoice discrepancies  ? Performed reviews and analyses of all Project Scope Changes created for the Mitchell FGD / SCR and associated projects Education Business Value Duke University CE - Columbus, OH 2019 Masters of Business Administration in Business Administration Ohio Dominican University - Columbus, OH Bachelor of Arts in Education Ohio Wesleyan University - Delaware, OH Skills Scrum Master, PM, Waterfall, PMP, SDLC Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) February 2007 to February 2020 Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) August 2015 to August 2019 Additional Information • Certified as a Project Management Professional and Certified Scrum Master, I have  15 years of diverse experience in program management, new product development, applications development using SDLC, Agile and Waterfall methodologies, business process transformation, project controls, budgeting, scheduling, planning, financial analysis, and earned value performance measurement  • Created and Initiated a Project Management Office (PMO), as well as managed a department of project managers  • Managed virtual teams, off-shore contractors, highly matrixed teams with multiple dependencies and IT build lines  • Deliver business value by managing single, small projects to multiple, large projects and programs ($100K - $23M)  • Flexible communication styles to work effectively with all levels of personnel, from contractors in the field through executive level management.  • Proficient in the following Project Management Software: MS Project, Primavera, Clarity, Team Foundation Server (TFS)