Senior IT Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior IT Project Manager - MetLife Denver, CO Hardworking and dedicated IT professional with substantial project management and analytical experience. Exceptional leadership, communication and interpersonal skills. Works well under pressure and maintains a consistently positive attitude. Has extensive experience with both the Agile philosophy and Waterfall methodology. Project involvement includes impact with mainframe and policy administrative systems, web applications, message queues, and both real time and batch XML transmissions. Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager MetLife - Greenwood Village, CO August 2016 to Present - Responsible for managing large scale and high profile programs and projects, specifically surrounding the transfer of MetLife's Retail Annuity Business to Brighthouse Financial and the sale of MetLife's sales force to Mass Mutual.  - Manage a team of 150+ project leads, business analysts, systems analysts, software engineers, and quality assurance analysts.  - Led five programs/ projects with a total budget of $11 million during current tenure as a Senior Project Manager. Programs/ projects include creating the New York annuity issuing company for Brighthouse Financial, building out a new Fixed Annuity, creating separate user views in our systems for MetLife versus Brighthouse Associates, and operational enhancements.  - Interface with senior management to provide project updates and directional recommendations.  - Manage new project intake and estimation process for Retail Annuity project portfolio, budgeted at $35 million. IT Project Manager MetLife - Greenwood Village, CO April 2014 to August 2016 - Led project team in developing two new annuity products, increasing MetLife's annual sales projections by $6 billion in the U.S.  - Selected to lead and turnaround a failing $9 million project surrounding a complete redesign of our main user interface; effectively managed the team to a successful implementation, resulting in $700,000 of annual savings for MetLife.  - Responsible for budgeting, forecasting and allocating over $24 million across seven projects during tenure as a Project Manager.  - Chaired MetLife's U.S. Retail Project Management Collaboration Team, working to streamline and improve the processes by which projects are managed across the company.  - Mentored two new employees in MetLife processes and system information, in order to help them effectively lead projects. Business Systems Analyst MetLife - Greenwood Village, CO July 2013 to April 2014 - Responsible for the development and management of project requirements, necessitating a full understanding of our business partners' needs and the ability to devise solutions to their problems.  - Served as departmental liaison to internal stakeholders and external vendors, helping maintain positive and effective relationships.  - Collaborated with team members on solutions and risk mitigation to ensure the successful implementation of each project.  - Developed querying abilities as well as an understanding of programming languages and database structures. Financial Representative Northwestern Mutual - Wilton, CT June 2011 to June 2012 - Top Intern in sales production, culminating in nearly half a million dollars of policy coverage.  - Earned Life and Health Insurance licenses. Education Bachelor of Arts in International Relations Williams College - Williamstown, MA August 2009 to June 2013 Skills Project Management (3 years), SQL (4 years), TFS (2 years), Microsoft Office (8 years), Clarity (3 years), Sharepoint (4 years), Analytics (4 years), Financial Management (2 years), Insurance (6 years), Software Development (4 years), Agile (2 years), Waterfall (4 years), Scrum (2 years), Kanban (2 years), User Experience Design (4 years), Business Analysis (4 years), It Project Management (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/merrilee-weston-3434bb36 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)