IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Atlanta, GA IT Project Manager with a focus on large scale application development, infrastructure optimization, and business intelligence integration projects. Extensive experience developing project plans, managing internal resources and third-party vendors, and meeting organizational technical and business requirements. Strong background in waterfall, agile, and PMI methodologies resulting in the production of high-grade deliverables meeting or exceeding expectations of timeline and budget. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Iron Mountain - Norcross, GA 2016 to 2017 Iron Mountain is a global business dedicated to storing, protecting and managing, information and assets and is the world's trusted partner for outsourced records and information management services. Solutions include information and asset storage, records management, data centers, data management and secure shredding.  ? Conducted interviews with leadership to understand user case and application needs to create user stories providing simplified high-level requirements and description of software features from end-user perspective.  ? Collaborated across the business to develop program timelines and detailed schedules for each project stage and assessed business implications for each phase to minimize and mitigate risk.  ? Coordinated functional, technical and management level resources, achieving project objectives and development of work breakdown structure (WBS) for each project and work stream.  ? Communicated with senior level engineers and architects to strategize and execute process workflows optimizing network design, circuit construction and managed service implementation to meet business requirements.  ? Developed IT disaster recovery plans and established runbooks for various scenarios and ensured failover procedures were accurate and repeatable to minimize associated risks and application RTO.  ? Directed daily meetings to discuss and review open action items and issues enabling transparency and collaboration between team members ensuring project tasks were completed on time and on budget.  ? Prepared and archived project closure documentation and operations handover documentation for delivery of project to technical services and application services for operational support.  ? Reviewed RFPs, bid proposals, contracts, scope of work reports, and other documentation for IT infrastructure projects and negotiated with vendors, outsourcers, and contractors to secure required products and services. IT Project Manager Recall Corporation - Norcross, GA 2014 to 2016 Recall Corporation provided information management solutions and was acquired by Iron Mountain in 2016. The Company offered document storage, retrieval, and digital conversion services.  ? Managed global and regional IT projects, and multiple cross-functional projects and teams to ensure alignment with master level project milestones and corporate strategies.  ? Facilitated daily bridges and video conference calls to manage technical development, system testing, UAT, implementation, support, and overall project tracking.  ? Wrote, edited, and created task flows and documentation on a wide variety of highly technical subject matters which included operations manuals, end user documentation and reference materials.  ? Exceeded original metric goal (Cycle Time) 40% (14 days to 7.7 days), achieving 45% reduction in cycle time for Salesforce.com IMPACT project. Surpassed Original Financial Benefit goal by 191%, saving $1.5M.  ? Collaborated with business units and subject matter experts (SMEs) to ensure business objectives and all other project requirements were documentation and approved.  ? Managed project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, and scope. Program Administrator / Administrative Assistant, Compliance Operations North American Electric Reliability Corporation - Buckhead, GA 2012 to 2013 The North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) is a not-for-profit international regulatory authority whose mission is to assure the effective and efficient reduction of risks to the reliability and security of the grid.  ? Provided direct support within NERC Compliance Operations & Enforcement department.  ? Managed organization of portal maintenance and operator / database implementation.  ? Assisted with departmental inquiries of visitors, trade associations, committees, federal government liaisons and regional entities.  ? Served as meeting planner and support specialist for workshops and meetings located across North America.  ? Maintained public and private compliance website, and website migration project.  ? Trained new hires on use of NERC's administrative meeting tool. Education MBA in Information Technology Purdue University 2021 Bachelor of Science in (BS), Management Kaplan University 2014 Associate of Applied Science (AAS) in Computer Information Systems Monroe College 2002 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (7 years), UAT (4 years), ORACLE (2 years), MICROSOFT DYNAMICS (2 years), Microsoft Project (4 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/charise-n-wilson-ab836b104 Additional Information SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS    ? Skills: Waterfall, Agile, Salesforce, ServiceNow, Kronos, Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle, Enterprise Implementations, Business & IT Continuity Planning, System Migrations & Integrations, Cross-Functional Team Leadership, Project Management, Executive Communication, Process Improvement, Strategic Planning, Vendor Management, QA/UAT Rollout & Support, Client Relations & Presentations