IT Project Manager/Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Coordinator IT Project Manager Denham Springs, LA Accomplished Project Management Professional with more than 10 years experience successfully delivering projects on-time and under budget. Deep skill set spans all levels of the organization, facilitating strategic business planning and global project management. Significant strengths in rapid problem resolution and developing sustainable B2B relationships. Exemplary results include implementing and tracking multiple complex simultaneous projects, often involving remote locations. Align corporate resources to meet customer needs, while tracking risks and costs. Exceed expectations in designing novel solutions and implementing necessary changes to create competitive advantage.    Full Life-Cycle Project Management • Productive B2B Alliances • Cost Containment  Strategic Planning & Analysis • Risk Management • Budget Administration • Client Training  Contract Negotiations • Communications Management • Outstanding Customer Service  Training Plan Developement • Project Management Knowledge Network • Creative Solutions  SLA Management & Support • Team Leadership • Scope & Change Control • Earned Value Metrics  Master Work Agreements • On-Demand Technology Solutions • Rapid Resolution of Issues Work Experience IT Project Manager/Coordinator Sparkhound - Baton Rouge, LA 2010 to 2010 • Managing multiple projects in support of a PeopleSoft implementation, related to training, performance testing, imaging solution, the company wide deployment of IE8 and various other project efforts.  • Worked with multiple departments heads to develop project plans.  • Developed relationships with Corporate Executives and Vendors to facilitate project progress  • Participated in project plan and design reviews Senior IT Project Manager FONTAINEBLEAU RESORTS - Las Vegas, NV 2008 to 2009 • Directed a porfolio of projects thru the full life-cycle to support property opening in Miami, including Point-of-Sales for food/beverage, retail, and spa services. Provided hands-on project oversight, monitoring progress to avoid obstacles and rapidly resolve potential concerns, while coaching staff. Developed productive partnerships with all levels of staff, from corporate executives and project team members to vendors.  • Developed the Project Management Methodology to be used by project team members  • Gather requirements for Bid and Proposal process.  • Monitored multiple projects to achieve successful delivery.  • Developed/Implemented resource and training plans. Senior IT Project Manager MGM MIRAGE CORPORATION - Las Vegas, NV 2008 to 2008 • Managed $1M portfolio of projects in diverse areas of Media, Entertainment, Business, and Vertical Solutions. Developed project plans and guided throughout review process. Leveraged sustainable relationships with cross-functional internal/external staff to drive full life-cycle project delivery.  • Mentored and supported staff to achieve on-time delivery of multiple projects in budget constraints.  • Worked with several Subject Matter Experts to gather requirements for new system developement  • Used Clarity to consolidate project plans, report status and show progress Project / Service Delivery / Availability Manager IBM - Baton Rouge, LA 2006 to 2007 • Initiated and maintained communication throughout national network consisting of thousands of users. Kept executives apprised of project progress, translating technical program parameters. Developed project plans and guided throughout review process.  • Rapidly resolved system challenges and potential problems, containing issues from further escalation during implementation of major change management project. Project Manager IBM 2005 to 2006 • Identified and resolved concerns, risks, and changes related to $100M merchandising system implementation project. Developed and monitored project plans for 2 of 15 segments. Orchestrated internal/external resources to achieve successful outcome.  • Developed Time and Progress Reports using MS Project 2003 PMO Project Manager AT&T 2005 to 2006 • Built SDP Master Plan for $5M project. Implemented and led off-shore team, resolving project concerns despite obstacles associated with off-site staff. Spearheaded US integration, representing IBM in responding to all concerns and calls regarding defects. Tracked earned value metrics.  • Contributed to launch of new IPTV/broadband access services, expertly leading on performance and deliverables of 18 developers based in the US, Canada, and India.  • Earned Service Delivery Excellence Award. Project & Knowledge Management Sub project PMO Manager Sprint 2004 to 2005 • Managed $500K Knowledge Management sub- project thru the full life-cycle, and contributed to $5B CCT project. Controlled implementation of Master Project Deliverable Plan for all On-Demand technology at Sprint’s Customer Care Centers nationwide. Analyzed impact of change requests.  • Established IBM Project Management Methodology used to manage the sub- project.  • Negotiated $4.5M hardware procurement contract for the entire Knowledge Base project.  • Tracked revenue, billing, costs, and earned value metrics using MS Project 2003 Education Bachelor of Science in Management Louisiana State University - Baton Rouge, LA Skills Project Management Institute (PMI) Project Management Professional Certification (PMP)