Specialist Specialist Specialist Bristol, CT Work Experience Specialist We Care Computers - West Hartford, CT February 2017 to March 2019 ? Lead clients ranging from the Medical to the Financial industry as a subject matter expert for equipment procurement, setup, implementation.   ? Execute planning and implementation of all all office technologies including Office 365, Servers (Windows Server 2016), telecommunications and mobile device management.   ? Handled level 1-3 issues as dispatched. Executive/VIP support, remote control support for Windows and Mac, on-site networking, printer/print server support, AD management, Group Policy Management, software license tracking.  Deskside Support and Field Services Epsilon (via Stefanini) - Wilton, CT November 2015 to October 2016 ? Handled level 1-3 issues by walk-in and ticketing system (CA Service Desk). Executive/VIP  support, remote control support for Windows and Mac, on-site networking, printer/print  server support, AD management, font server management, software license tracking, Mac  software and policy production team (Jamf/JSS), Creative Cloud distribution and support,  repairs and support by mail in coordination with offices across the country and internationally.  Supporting 200 users locally plus remote support as part of a team to many locations across the country. Also managed equipment procurement.  ? Major projects complete include steering team through a tactful corporate merger migrating  from Exchange to Office 365, rolling out Casper management for Macs and DSM/SCCM for Windows, Symantec drive encryption, and other operating system and software updates. Project Manager Shall Be LLC May 2015 to November 2015 ?Steer small-medium businesses to help determine and coordinate the implementation of new  technologies.  ? Handled remote support for small-medium businesses.  ? Handled local support for software and hardware installed and configured (ie. setup and configure local and network printers).  ? Conduct specialized one-on-one and group trainings for clients. IT Consultant (contract) ESPN - Bristol, CT February 2015 to May 2015 ?Steer team through hardware upgrades.  ? Install and configure software installations through Casper Remote such as the Adobe suite  and more.  ? Handled local support during upgrade process.  ? Setup and configure local and network printers. IT Consultant Montefiore Medical Group - Bronx, NY November 2014 to January 2015 ?Steer team in setup and configuring of Windows hardware during upgrade to EPIC system.  ? Install and configure software such as Microsoft Windows 7, Citrix, Microsoft Office 2011 and more.  ? Handled local support for equipment installed and configured.  ? Setup and configure local and network printers. IT Consultant (contract) Penguin Random House - New York, NY March 2014 to July 2014 ?Steer users through tactful Corporate Merger of 2 international companies.  ? Setup and configure Apple hardware to Active Directory, network printers and other  peripherals.  ? Deployed new hardware and software such as Mac OS X Mavericks, Microsoft Windows 7,  Parallels Desktop, Microsoft Office 2011 and more.  ? Handled local and remote desktop support for Mac clients.    Experience prior to 2014 available upon request. Education GED Herbert H Lehman High School - Bronx, NY Skills Android (Less than 1 year), Mac (2 years), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft windows (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year) Assessments Technical Support — Highly Proficient April 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to apply protocols to identify errors and solutions in order to maintain system function. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fcqfnhytq4-gzfjx Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS  Expert level knowledge of Microsoft Windows (10/7/Vista/XP), Advanced Knowledge of Windows Server  (2008, 2008 RT, 2012, 2012 RT, 2016), Microsoft Office 365, Azure Active Directory, Expert level  knowledge of Apple Mac OS X (10.4-10.11), Expert Level knowledge of iOS & Android devices, G-Suite,  Mobile Device Management, Time Machine, Active Directory, Open Directory, DNS, LAN/WAN, TCP/IP,  VPN, DHCP, SSH, Remote Desktop, Microsoft Office Suite, Terminal, Powershell, Basic SQL, Basic  Python.