IT Connectivity Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Connectivity <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Spokane, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Connectivity Project Manager Pathology Associates Medical Laboratories - Spokane, WA March 2017 to Present • Responsible for the management and timely implementation of physician and hospital interfaces, which include web-based EMR’s, results by FTP and hub add-ons.  • Independently manage assigned projects and ensure deliverables adhere to both sales and client expectations.  • Analyze interfaces to determine requirements, HL7 specifications and major project milestones.  • Collaborate directly with vendors and clients, as well as internal development and integration teams.  • Accountable for both quality and quantity, including collaboration with auditors to resolve post go-live issues.  • Provide project status updates to management to identify impediments.  Key Achievement:  o Currently maintain audit error rate levels of 5% or below for all completed projects. IT QA Engineer I Pathology Associates Medical Laboratories - Spokane, WA August 2016 to March 2017 • Worked as part of a software development team utilizing Agile methodology.  • Analyzed system requirements in preparation of a test strategy, test plan, and test cases.   • Identified testing strategies that maximize test coverage and/or improve system reliability and performance.  • Developed step by step test cases based on the software requirements elicited by the business analysts and software developers.  • Executed regression, system, functional and ad-hoc manual test cases.   • Reviewed and validated test data and test execution results to ensure accurate reflection of business requirements as outlined in the requirements specifications.  • Managed defects through documentation with detail sufficient to accurately reproduce.   • Tracked, reported and verified defects to ensure timely resolution of issues found, escalating these technical issues as needed.  Key Achievements:  o Assisted in cross training of employees on Enterprise Applications.  o Participated as part of a Scrum team that successfully developed and launched five internal applications. IT QA Specialist I Pathology Associates Medical Laboratories - Spokane, WA October 2014 to August 2016 • Facilitated testing and certification of interfaces for both new and existing clients.  • Created test plans; built compendiums; coordinated with vendors and clients for ordering and resulting of tests; reviewed and validated HL7 messages and reports.  • Developed and implemented data mapping and translations  • Actively tracked, reported and verified defects to ensure timely resolution of identified issues.   • Documented problems with detail sufficient to accurately reproduce.  • Communicated project status and proactively identified risks to management  • Coordinated and prioritized multiple projects simultaneously  • Completed client side testing of interface when necessary (Including EMR’s such as Cerner, Epic, Clinician, and Sunquest)  Key Achievements:  o Lead initiative to evaluate and streamline project documentation and workflows.  o Consistently closed, on average, three connectivity projects a month while successfully maintaining an audit error rate level of 5% or below.   o Assisted in training and mentorship of new employees. Education BA in Management Information Systems Western Washington University Certifications/Licenses Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Additional Information IT Professional  Multifaceted career with distinguished project management experience and proven success excelling in multiple roles requiring meticulous attention to detail.    Highly skilled and accountable professional with expertise serving in high-stress, fast paced environments. Exceptional communicator and collaborator; able to drive synergies to achieve maximum results. Proficient in leveraging outstanding troubleshooting to meet performance objectives. Consistently recognized for stellar contributions earning progressive responsibilities and promotions.    CORE COMPETENCIES   • Quality Assurance  • Business Application Development   • Project Management  • Client Relations  • Process Improvement   • Troubleshooting /Issue Resolution  • Staff Development / Training   • HL7 Interface Development    TECHNICAL SKILLS   • Microsoft visual studios 2012  • VB.NET  • Microsoft Office 2013 (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)  • Windows XP, Windows Vista  • CRM  • Team Foundation Server  • Microsoft Test Manager  • JIRA  • Agile Software Development  • SQL Server Express 2014 (SQL Server 2014 Management Studio)  • Tracking Redux (Tracker)  • Microsoft Project  • Sunquest LIS/ Flexi