IT Technician and Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician and <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Technician and Project Manager Lakewood, NJ • Dedicated and reliable IT professional with proven experience  • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, ability to build strong professional relationships  • Working knowledge of a plethora of workstations software such as AutoCAD, Microsoft Office Suite,  Aspen and BFC with the ability to learn new systems quickly  • Excellent planning and organization skills and the ability to assimilate information quickly and make  informed decisions  • Ability to meet deadlines without compromising accuracy and quality Work Experience IT Technician and Project Manager S. Bertram - Lakewood, NJ 2018 to 2019 Performed fast and efficient network support including troubleshooting router, switch and firewalls, help desk functions, and correction of NT-related problems on servers and  workstations.  • Researched, oversaw and implemented hardware and software-based solutions as required.  • Installed and maintained all aspects of fleet management.  • Created & managed users, computer accounts and access to network resources.  • Maintained the company network including allocating, deploying, coordinating and monitoring  of customer systems.  • Installed network hardware cabling. IT Consultant and Technician Wiztech solutions - Lakewood, NJ 2016 to 2018 • Advised clients regarding purchase, maintenance and repair of computers and peripherals.  • Troubleshooted and resolved hardware-software conflicts, networking and other issues.  • Removed viruses and handled data retrieval.  • Trained end-users in the use of new hardware and software. IT Technician TAG - Lakewood, NJ 2015 to 2016 • Installed filters on computers, smart phones and peripherals.  • Provided technical support to users.  • Advised clients on future purchases pertaining to filter accommodations and installations for said purchases. Education Associate