IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician IT Technician - Cash Register Services Houston, TX To work in the field of Information Technology or IT Support Work Experience IT Technician Cash Register Services - Houston, TX April 2011 to Present Troubleshoot hardware/software problems including: Lexmark laser printers, Epson H6000 printers, Fujitsu Teampos 3000 computers, IBM Surepos 300 computers, IBM 3200 servers.  Network troubleshooting of star networks: Testing cables, checking for IP conflicts  Systems integrations: Install new systems including IBM servers, Cisco wireless access points, POS lanes, Cisco switches and routers. Configure Sonicwall firewalls and store networks.  Clients include: Specs, Sprouts, Fiesta and Petco Project Manager Digital Display Solutions - San Antonio, TX February 2009 to April 2010 Inventory Management: Organized inventory and managed individual projects ranging from $2,000 to $1.6 million; purchased local items for projects; recorded manual counts of inventory and notified Purchasing of items needing to be ordered; created "tote-organizing" which increased productivity by minimizing downtime  Primary contact for clients: Arranged times with clients for installation; addressed any issues relating to installation; provided progress reports for longer-termed projects; follow-up with clients after installations  Scheduler: Scheduled all technicians according to projected timelines  Project Binders: Compiled all literature of A/V equipment into binders for clients, designed covers  Performed inspections on projects to ensure detailed scope of work was completed Lodge Manager Peppertree Lodge May 2008 to December 2008 Coordinated with 10 employees on essential duties and responsibilities on daily basis  Responsible for overseeing all reservations for backpackers  Resolved disputes between guests and the lodge  Responsible for checking in/out equipment  Helped book tours with local businesses Store Operations Manager Circuit City - Austin, TX September 2007 to May 2008 Top responsibility was following guidelines for loss prevention. This included: Managing Product Flow Team on daily inventory cycle counts, reconciling inventory and reporting losses above $200 on daily basis, reviewing tape for theft, and training associates on "bad" debt to minimize company write-offs  Oversee up to 30 employees  Hold weekly meetings to develop strategies to improve store functionality and increase business.  Responsible for hiring operations employees  Able to resolve customer issues while maintaining positive relationships  Ensure all standard operating procedures are being followed Education Bachelor of Arts in Public Relations / Business Management Texas State University, College of Mass Communications - San Marcos, TX December 2003 Additional Information SKILLS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS  Successfully installed several new systems for customers with Cash Register Services. Fully integrated new networks and upgraded several older ones.  Experience in Windows XP, Windows 7, Microsoft Excel and Word  One year experience diagnosing and troubleshooting hardware/software problems on PC and IBM systems.  While working with Digital Display Solutions, I managed the most profitable project in the company's nine years of business ($1.6 million gross). My team installed projectors for the Northeast Independent School District and completed a total of 900 classrooms. I helped increase production from 10 to 40 room installations a day. I implemented several inventory techniques including "tote" installations. Totes included everything a team needed to install for each room.  Possess special skills in inventory management systems of DPS and MaxLevels. Reconciled items with physical counts on a daily basis.  Developed a strong leadership role by teaching, training, focusing on P&L, controlling inventory, delegating and following up with employees with Circuit City.  Recognized and awarded merit badges for excellence in customer service.