Scrum Master/ Project Manager, IT Digital and Customer Products Scrum Master/<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, <span class="hl">IT</span> Digital and Customer Products Scrum Master/ Project Manager, IT Digital and Customer Products - JETBLUE AIRWAYS Secaucus, NJ Agile Project Manager and Scrum Master with over 3+ years of experience in Information Technology ( IT) and Business Management. PSM Certified Scrum master, knowledgeable in applications of Scrum, Waterfall, Kanban and Agile  Methodologies, and skilled in developing processes that facilitate continual progress and team achievement. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Scrum Master/ Project Manager, IT Digital and Customer Products JETBLUE AIRWAYS - New York, NY November 2018 to Present Responsible for the day-to-day management and operation of Digital experience Web projects, which include website redesign, UX changes, content migration, web content changes, advertising campaigns and supporting IT and CMS teams in implementation and development.    • Led the Content migration work from .net to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) by planning and managing various cross functional teams to successfully achieve one of the important program goals for 2020. Appreciated and awarded by leadership for achieving the program goals earlier than expected.  • Proactively monitored all aspects of Digital2020 program including performance indicators, risks and scope ensuring visibility to leadership and escalating roadblocks as needed.  • Worked as the Scrum Master for the Design and UX team as the team transitioned to Agile. Implemented Agile process for Web projects by training team to use Jira. After the burn-in period, the team was able to execute 80% - 90 % of user stories over multiple sprints.  • Organized and facilitated Agile and Scrum meetings, which included Sprint Planning, Daily Scrums or Standups, Sprint Check-In, Sprint Review & Retrospective bringing in an organized work culture which helped in improving team's performance and transparency.  • Worked closely with the Product Owner to understand the Product Vision / Roadmap and translate that into the product backlog for IT Digital and Design & UX products.  • Managed more than 10 new web development projects by coordinating with cross functional teams including Brand, Loyalty, Marketing, Analytics and IT to make sure that all parties are on track with project requirements, deadlines, and schedules.  • Developed over 15+ project work plans and tactics to effectively implement change management for all Web related deployments (2-week sprints).  • Led 3+ Agile teams of over 8 members to achieve program objectives and proactively take initiatives to identify and resolve issues impacting the development team.  • Collaborated with internal and external design teams, developers and product owners to ensure rightness of features and design developed for Route Map and Fare Sales. IT Project Manager (Consultant) LegalUp - Madison, NJ October 2017 to November 2018 Understand, Prioritize and Coordinate communication between IT project teams in addition to managing core pieces of integration work; Gather, Analyze and Document the software requirements to ensure that those are delivered and meet the business objectives/benefits.    • Worked on 2 POCs with law firms in Israel to automate their legal documents.  • Led and managed a 6-month project of putting together a website to generate free contracts for a client.  • Served as a liaison between clients and internal technical groups to ensure delivery of projects on time, within budget, and to specification.  • Managed offshore development and test teams of over 6+ members using daily scrum via video conferencing.  • Regularly interacted with internal and external stakeholders to develop new user requirements and prioritize the product roadmap.  • Delivered project needs on time and within the agreed acceptance criteria in a hybrid methodology environment as they attempted to transition to an Agile Methodology.  • Wrote 40+ User Stories based on the requirements gathered from all the stake holders. Business Analyst IO-TAHOE - New York, NY September 2016 to September 2017 Develop and maintain strong relationship with business partners and internal/external team members to define, analyze and document business processes and software requirements for technology initiatives.    • Worked on 3 POCs by gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and produced reports to internal and external stakeholders.  • Attended over 5 Data Conferences to market and demo to product.  • Collaborated with product manager and development team to identify and resolve issues, coordinate system requirements, and create project timelines.  • Monitored project progress continuously and make detailed scheduled reports on measurable items, such as milestones and deliverables.  • Worked closely with business and marketing teams on email marketing and website analysis. Project Engineer WIPRO TECHNOLOGIES LTD - Hyderabad, Telangana October 2014 to August 2015 Worked as a software developer for Nokia's network system. Responsible for the development, support, maintenance and implementation of small to medium network components.    • Acknowledged for high scores in Unix C++ training; top 1% of 460 candidates.  • Designed a solution to increase the network efficiency of Nokia products by working with a team of 10. Trained a team of 15 on "Basics of Network Management System". Sales Executive SARATHY TVS LTD - Pollachi, Tamil Nadu April 2014 to October 2014 Part of core sales team selling and promoting TVS Two Wheelers. Collaborated with the marketing team; designed and launched a brochure for a new bike 'Zest 110', increasing daily sales fourfold Education Master of International Business in International Business Hult International Business School - Boston, MA August 2016 Bachelor in Engineering in (BE) - Electrical and Electronics (EEE) Anna University - Chennai, Tamil Nadu April 2014 Skills VISIO, JIRA, SHAREPOINT, MS OFFICE, UNIX, SQL, MARKETING, PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT, EXCEL, OUTLOOK, POWERPOINT, WORD, KANBAN, OPERATIONS, Agile Scrum, Scrum Master, PM, Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, CSM Links http://in.linkedin.com/in/aarthisivasankaran Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master (PSM) August 2019 to Present