IT Service Desk Support Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> Service Desk Support Engineer Work Experience IT Service Desk Support Engineer July 2017 to Present Manage procurement tickets and properly document purchased items using ReqLogic, ConnectWise, SharePoint and Excel spreadsheets.  ? Install software and operating systems on computers and properly deploy devices to assigned users.  ? Correctly log, categorize and prioritize inbound incidents and requests based on team protocols.  ? Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a variety of desktop support issues involving software, hardware and networking.  ? Provide post mortem in the resolution area of tickets that will assist associates that encounter similar issues.  ? Create knowledge-based articles on common issues and difficult issues to assist with future training.  ? Network administration training in lab environment.  ? Hands-on training of Cisco router and switches in a production and lab environment.  ? Assist in training newly hired service desk employees through creation of documentation and teaching standards of the company.  ? Maintain proper knowledge of products, procedures and service to properly assist all users.  ? Configure and deploy Cisco and Polycom phones with call manager.  ? Escalate tickets to appropriate department when needed.  ? Security threat monitoring and remediation of malware, spams and phishing attempts.    Pre-Professional Experience IT Project Management Schedule Filtering Program - Human Computer Interaction September 2018 to September 2018 Current  Goal: Create a user-friendly schedule filtering software that integrates with the university's current database system for students and teachers to use when choosing/viewing classes.  Push-Notifications - IT Project Management, September 2018  Created a push notification system for Enterprise LLC for their customers.  Planned and documented project scope with the project manager and the client.  Documented development process and risk management plans for project.  Participated in meetings and presentations. Project Manager Asset Management- Georgia Aquarium - Atlanta, GA January 2018 to July 2018 Created database/record documentation for the collection of information pertaining to warranties, life expectancies, serial numbers and updates for the organization's hardware.  Planned and implemented steps for designing a web-based management resource. Scheduled meetings with department directors to collect updated hardware information. Virus Remediation- July 2017  Installed antivirus software on devices in the environment. Resolved issues caused by the virus on computers.  Imaged fully infected devices and install updated software including antivirus. Foundations of Webmaster Computer Science I March 2017 to June 2017 Spring 2017)  ? Solved complex and significant problems with professional skill by formulating efficient and effective algorithmic solutions  ? Expressed algorithms/programming clearly and correctly in a variety of programming languages.  ? Demonstrated mastery of the academic underpinnings of computer science by building complex programs using coding languages on scripting platforms.  Foundations of Webmaster (Spring 2017)  ? Converted real-world problems into computer programs  ? Worked with current Integrated Development Environments  ? Traced and implement recursive functions and iterative structures  ? Gained an understanding of how data abstraction and procedural abstraction are used in developing solutions  ? Worked with the fundamentals of modern programming languages  ? Declared and use variables.  ? Worked with conditionals to change program path execution.  ? Declared and implemented arrays.  ? Developed and used functions.  ? Demonstrated understanding of software engineering principles. Student Computer Science I May 2017 to May 2017 Designed a algorithm and JavaScript for a game that included the use of arrays, variables, value-returning methods, string methods and parameters using Notepad++. Webmaster PACE Group Project- Foundations May 2017 to May 2017 Demonstrated the process of planning, designing, developing and testing the HTML site. Website included Cascading style sheets, links, custom forms and JavaScript Functions.  Created a website for a campus organization. Conducted meetings with client throughout problems. Student Foundations of Information Technology January 2016 to May 2016 Established understanding of the major components of information technology applications: Hardware, computer networks, software, data, processes, and people.  ? Gained knowledge of the different components of a computer network.  ? Demonstrated an understanding of different types of networks.  ? Created object-oriented designs for simple applications.  ? Discussed the role of databases in IT applications.  ? Demonstrated communication skills through various assignments and group work.  ? Demonstrated an understanding of the importance of algorithms in the development of IT applications.  ? Demonstrated sufficient foundational knowledge of computer science: Operating Systems, Databases, Networking, Graphics, Software Engineering, Gaming and Web. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Network Technologies and Administration Middle Georgia State University August 2018 to Present Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Clayton State University - Morrow, GA August 2015 to 2018 Skills Networking, Active Directory, Javascript, Technical Support