Law School IT Help Desk Associate Law School <span class="hl">IT</span> Help Desk Associate Cupertino, CA Work Experience Law School IT Help Desk Associate Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA June 2012 to Present Responsibilities  - Develop the web UI of a prototype student and faculty support ticket system.  - Develop and maintain the Help Desk Reference website which the help desk staff uses as a reference.  - Resolve various software and hardware issues with student and faculty devices in-person and remotely.  - Set up equipment for faculty presentations and school events. IT Risk Assessment Intern Ernst & Young - San Francisco, CA June 2013 to August 2013 Responsibilities  - Interviewed various clients to gather requirements and procedure information.  - Evaluated SOX compliance of managerial controls over a legacy ERP data conversion project.  - Documented procedures and evidence of SOX compliance.  - Presented on the HIPAA and PCI DSS data security laws to a team working on healthcare data security projects. Localization Project Manager Apple - Cupertino, CA June 2011 to February 2012 Responsibilities  - Managed AppleCare Service web page, software, product repair manual, help content, marketing, and legal localization projects.  - Communicated and collaborated with internal cross functional teams, comprised of engineers, web-developers, content generators, and external vendors to satisfy localization project requirements.  - Participated in User Acceptance Testing for internal process implementation and enhancement. Localization Project Assistant Google - Mountain View, CA July 2010 to June 2011 Responsibilities  - Oversaw and created web page. user interface, help content, marketing, and legal localization projects for over 20 Google products.  - Communicated and collaborated with internal clients and external vendors to ensure project completion with the highest quality.  - Rewarded and recognized by Google's localization team for consistently providing exemplary support in a dynamic work environment. Education MS in Information Systems Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA 2012 to 2014 Bachelor of Science in Commerce in Management Information Systems Santa Clara University - Santa Clara, CA 2006 to 2010