SOFTWARE AND CONTROLS PROJECT MANAGER SOFTWARE AND CONTROLS <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> <span class="hl">MANAGER</span> SOFTWARE AND CONTROLS PROJECT MANAGER - Swisslog Logistics Cincinnati, OH Work Experience SOFTWARE AND CONTROLS PROJECT MANAGER Swisslog Logistics - Cincinnati, OH 2019 to Present • Supervise developers and integration teams to complete software development according to technical specifications.  • Leads cross-functional project teams, providing mentoring and guidance.  • Communicate with department heads to obtain resources to complete deliverables on schedule. IT PROJECT MANAGER Comcast Business - Cincinnati, OH 2017 to 2019 • Responsible for leading and supporting IT projects for customers which include communication between cross-functional teams and data management activities.  • Managed, track, and schedule orders for VOIP services to successfully meet customer deadlines.  • Interface with various customer stakeholders who include sales, operations, and engineering to ensure serviceability, ordering, and configurations flows appropriately. TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER Pyramid Controls - Cincinnati, OH 2015 to 2017 • Leading domestic and international software development projects which included project activities of; implementation, testing, development of enhancements.  • Managed controls equipment exporting and importing from the warehouse using SAP  • Work with external customers to collect requirements for software enhancements to develop customer requirement documents.  • Completed functional specification and design documentation for software integration projects for end users.  • Managed technical software project to improve the Warehouse Control System (WCS) Director based on customer requirements and to ensure applications were interfacing with Warehouse Management System (WMS) on all servers. Education BS in Engineering Tennessee State University - Nashville, TN MBA Xavier University - Cincinnati, OH Skills Application development, Ms project, Software development, Sap, Life cycle, Software development life cycle, Sdlc, Sharepoint, Ms office, Sql, Pivot tables, Scheduling, Training, Project scheduling, Program management, Excel, Staff training, Budget Additional Information Skills Summary    • Project/Program Management • Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Project Scheduling • Budget Planning/Administration  • Task Delegation/Management • Engineering/Testing  • Quality Management • Staff Training  • Application Development • Waterfall Methodology    Technical Skills  MS Office Applications, Advanced Excel (VLOOKUP and Pivot tables), MS Project Server, SQL, SAP, SharePoint    Cincinnati, OH 45202 * 502.794.7902 * kssmith2009@gmail.com