Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager Carlisle, PA Dedicated Information Technology professional with over 10 years experience providing skilled Project Management support for federal government and private industry initiatives. Experienced with all aspects of software development life cycle methodologies, to include Agile, Iterative and Waterfall. Able to quickly and effectively assume responsibility for IT projects in any stage or condition. Then, using aggressive risk management, deliver those projects on time, on budget and within scope. Experienced at providing cross-functional leadership to large and talented teams, guiding IT product development and innovation for a diverse customer base. Thrive in challenging, fast-paced and results-driven organizations where teams work cooperatively to achieve aggressive business goals. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Highmark Inc - Camp Hill, PA June 2015 to March 2017 • Responsible for the definition, planning, and delivery of complex product/technology capabilities that require cross-functional collaboration and alignment to product/technology roadmaps.  • Includes management of interdependencies between a group of projects or a single project, and related activities within the constraint of scope, quality, time and budget.  • Understands the product/technology roadmap, capabilities, and the business value proposition.  • Develops and communicates a data-driven impact analysis, including risk assessment and mitigation. Assesses, tracks, and addresses financial and budgetary statuses.  • Ensures the business value is delivered and realized for the capability and passed on to customers. Senior Project Manager TEKsystems - Camp Hill, PA October 2014 to June 2015 • Responsible for the definition, planning, and delivery of complex product/technology capabilities that require cross-functional collaboration and alignment to product/technology roadmaps.  • Includes management of interdependencies between a group of projects or a single project, and related activities within the constraint of scope, quality, time and budget.  • Understands the product/technology roadmap, capabilities, and the business value proposition.  • Develops and communicates a data-driven impact analysis, including risk assessment and mitigation.  • Assesses, track, and addresses financial and budgetary status.  • Ensures the business value is delivered and realized for the capability and passed on to customers. IT Project/Program/Web Manager NSITE, LLC - Carlisle, PA July 2012 to October 2014 • Provide contracted Project Management and Technical Support to the US Army Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute (PKSOI).  • Project Manager and Technical Specialist for the Stability Operations Lessons Learned Information Management System (https://sollims.pksoi.org) and the associated social network sites on Facebook (http://facebook.com/SOLLIMS) and Twitter (http://twitter.com/SOLLIMS_PKSOI).  • Administrator and Developer for the PKSOI public website (https://pksoi.army.mil) and SharePoint Intranet collaboration site. Education management Army War College's Signal Network Enterprise Center - Carlisle, PA October 2008 to July 2012 design and software functionality requirements United Concordia - Harrisburg, PA March 2006 to October 2008 Senior Management United Concordia - Harrisburg, PA January 2004 to February 2006 accordance United Concordia - Harrisburg, PA June 2002 to December 2003 Customer Service Representative United Concordia - Wormleysburg, PA November 1999 to May 2002 Project Management and Technical Support US Army Peacekeeping and Stability Operations Institute (PKSOI) government Army War College's Signal Network Enterprise Center Skills documentation (10+ years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (9 years), Project Management (10+ years), SharePoint (9 years), testing. (10+ years) Additional Information Skills & Expertise:    SharePoint  Web Applications  Troubleshooting  HTML  SQL  Project Management  Program Management  Web Development  Software Documentation  Visio  Project Planning  Databases  Testing  Business Analysis  Management  SDLC  Requirements Analysis  Leadership  Process Improvement  Information Technology  Strategic Planning  Team Building  Microsoft Office Suite