IT Business Analyst- Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst-<span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Business Analyst- Project Manager - Roush Industries Bloomfield Hills, MI Mario is results driven, self-motivated and a resourceful Project Manager with an in depth understanding of all aspects of project coordination and implementation. Experienced in creating the delivery of new and existing strategies and business enhancements that enable individuals and organizations to improve the quality and productivity. Well presented with excellent communication skills and having a commercial approach to solving problems and developing business. Work Experience IT Business Analyst- Project Manager Roush Industries July 2014 to Present Responsible for providing tactical management, and administrative/leadership support to project teams, in order to ensure that the project proceeds within the agreed tolerances of time/budget and delivers a fit for purpose outcome to the customer.  • Manages IT projects and driving project team from start through to completion.  • Coordinating multidisciplinary global project teams to deliver Technology projects of varying size and complexity, focusing specifically on software projects.  • Creating and maintaining project plans, budgets and forecasts.  • Maintained ownership of any customer concerns, & rectifying them.  • Monitor and analyze performance metrics to ensure customer satisfaction, quality and efficiency are clearly communicated to leadership.  • Conduct data gathering and analysis on mobile devices and make recommendations based on business strategy.  • Develops and assist in the creation and presentation of business cases.  • Test new equipment, applications and utilities to assure functionality with various operating systems. IT Business Analyst III Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan March 2014 to July 2014 Provided a single, end-to-end point of contact for customer support on all projects within a portfolio. Assisted with the creation and quality review of new and active project Business Cases prior to leadership approval.  • Participated in Portfolio Subcommittee and Corporate Roadmap meetings for validation of approval decisions.  • Analyzed the current project delivery processes to determine opportunities for improvements.  • Investigated, resolved and escalated problems. Procured technical assistance to help in problem resolution if needed.  • Monitored and analyzed performance metrics to ensure customer satisfaction, quality and efficiency are clearly communicated to leadership.  • Managed customer expectations. Ensured IT solutions meet customers' needs.  • Coached and transfer knowledge to less experienced team members at a variety of levels.  • Conducted data gathering and analysis to understand business strategy requirements.  • Lead and provide direction for short and long-term planning sessions and provide direction to ensure understanding of business goals and direction.  • Provided input from a business and IT perspective.  • Lead the assessment of client needs utilizing a structured requirements process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, and managing changes) to prioritize immediate business needs and recommend options, risks and cost vs. benefits. Sr. IT Strategy & Governance Business Analyst IT Department - Toronto, ON June 2013 to January 2014 Executes the SDLC & methodology practices within a Project/Program Management structure (initiate, plan, execute, control, close). Discusses with other software development personnel to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces. Suggests and implements SDLC methodology practices  • Developed Strategy focused frameworks for CIO  • Balanced scorecard measurement for IT Department  • Created Project Scope for merging of two Data Centers that saved 3.5 Million Dollars in technology costs.  • Developed detailed, compelling and analytical PowerPoint/Excel/Word/Visio deliverables to convey complex thoughts and ideas to various business and technology stakeholders.  • Maintained great relationship with External Technology venders which helped mitigate network failure.  • Responsible for documenting business issues and requirements, and concrete analysis and insights drawn from past experiences, determined root causes and develop improvement plans  • Mitigated risks by providing detailed reports to the business about potential risks to the infrastructure  • Governed a team of Solution Architects, approved and denied solutions for the IT Department  • Led Infrastructure Deployment and Data Migrations from a Mainframe environment to a Client Server Environment. Coordinator ATS December 2012 to May 2013 Coordinated recruiting process from initial source through onboarding for automotive / manufacturing clients including General Motors, Ford Motor Company, and Caterpillar.  • Tracked onboarding of new hires and gathered information necessary to complete I-9, background check, and drug screening forms.  • Utilized internal Applicant Tracking System (Epilink) to create and update candidate profiles.  • Prepared and distributed electronic offer letters for consultants.  • Negotiated compensation packages and other terms of employment with potential candidates.  • Participated in client interviews on site at General Motors and met with consultants prior to interviews for final preparation; debriefed candidates post interview. Project Coordinator Huntington National Bank December 2010 to December 2011 Scheduled, coordinated, and facilitated meetings.  • Document, track and provide status to the Project/Program Manager for the required business readiness activities as defined by the Business Lead for the project  • Manage issues and risks including timely update of issue/risk logs, assisting in the development and documenting risk mitigation and issue resolution action plans, and providing status on issues/risks to Project/Program Managers  • Provides support to ensure client/customer service expectations are met. Education Bachelor in Business Administration University of Michigan - Ann Arbor, MI Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE    • Project Management  • Risk Management  • Quality Assurance  • Microsoft Word  • Microsoft PowerPoint  • Microsoft Excel  • Microsoft Access  • Microsoft Visio  • Microsoft Project  • Enterprise Service Desk  • Procurement Strategy  • Execution Planning