IT & Technical Service Support <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; Technical Service Support San Francisco, CA Industrious, enthusiastic and selfmotivated individual with effective organizational, communication and interpersonal  skills. Hardworking, reliable and enthusiastic individual wishing to continue a career in the IT sector of a business.  Experienced in Web Development, Development of Online Presence & IT Recruitment.  Technical Skills Include: Web development (Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS), UI/UX, Java, ARM Assembly UML. Work Experience IT & Technical Service Support Temple Street Children's Hospital - Dublin June 2016 to August 2016 Dublin, Ireland  Acting as liaison between hospital staff and service providers. Requires the ability to communicate with all departments (the  CEO to admin staff), remain calm in emergency, and log calls in data management system Project Manager GHL Recruitment Limited - Dublin January 2016 to May 2016 Trinity Dating Application, Dublin, Ireland  Trusted to plan/organize a team of developers to build an application for Trinity Students. Ensured scope of project was  realistic, assigning/delegating work, meeting deadlines and compiled project documentation. IT & Recruitment Consultant GHL Recruitment Limited - Dublin 2013 to 2016 Dublin, Ireland  Responsible for the IT recruitment for the firm throughout the course of my studies.  Duties included screening candidates for interview, sourcing candidates, telesales, website management. Caddie GHL Recruitment Limited - San Francisco, CA June 2015 to August 2015 San Francisco, United States Volunteer/Freelance Web development Project GHL Recruitment Limited - Dublin 2015 to 2015 Dublin, Ireland CrumlinRumble.ie    Built/deployed a website to act as an informant for the Golf Event, launched by Crumlin Children's Hospital. Caddie Shore Acres Golf Club - Lake Bluff, IL June 2014 to September 2014 United States IT Recruitment Specialist GHL Recruitment Limited - Dublin January 2014 to May 2014 Trinity Doodle Application, Dublin, Ireland converge.herokuapp.com    Design and implementation to ensure the user interface was simple and elegant, yet functional. Liaising with the client  regularly to ensure that the specifications were met and expectations were upheld. Education Web Development/ IT Integration Trinity College Dublin 2016 Links http://www.niallhiggins.com