IT PROJECT COORDINATOR <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> COORDINATOR IT PROJECT COORDINATOR - FISERV Kennesaw, GA Work Experience IT PROJECT COORDINATOR FISERV July 2018 to Present Responsible for the intake & management of network connectivity requests, escalations, PDLC Lite projects,  ServiceNow requests, and stakeholders to ensure client connectivity to Fiserv infrastructure.  • Manage administration of infrastructure network work efforts to ensure Fiserv project management processes  are being followed and to provide project reporting.  • Direct and coordinate activities of work effort resources to ensure effort delivers as scheduled.  • Manage and maintain project information sources (CA Clarity, SharePoint, etc.)  • Oversee maintenance window work effort deployments and validation. PROJECT MANAGER (CONTRACTOR) THE HOME DEPOT February 2018 to April 2018 • Led weekly workstream meetings that consisted of cross functional teams  • Assisted in the development of project plans/critical path trackers  • Met with teams to understand their dependencies/requirements for the project  • Created & maintained project status trackers/logs  • Assisted in building out project governance and ensuring teams understood their role(s) in the project PMO ANALYST (CONTRACTOR) ACCENTURE August 2017 to February 2018 Responsible for the day to day administration of Accenture's internal staffing and demand  management for client projects.  • Facilitated ongoing creation of project roles using internal staffing software.  • Supported Accenture senior management, delivery leads, and project managers through the creation  of daily, weekly, and monthly demand reports/dashboards.  • Provided onboarding and logistical support for new project resources.  • Performed ad hoc Clarity admin tasks. PROBLEM MANAGEMENT INTERN GLOBAL PAYMENTS May 2017 to August 2017 • Met with service/application owners to gather project requirements and build out action plans to remediate related incidents.  • Tracked and drove incident recommendations until completion.  • Created new and more seamless method of capturing incident metrics (Root Cause Analysis) through using Google Suite. This eliminated the need to exchange an RCA form (excel sheet) back and forth for  input through email.  • Created and modified excel reports for senior management via SAP Crystal Reports tool and MS Excel. IT PMO INTERN GENUINE PARTS COMPANY February 2017 to May 2017 Served as the interim Clarity PPM tool administrator which included:  • Assisting Project Managers and other users with basic functions of the system.  • Performing different financial management functions including maintaining financial plans, entering of financial transactions, and managing/updating rate matrices.  • Weekly processing of all timesheets and reporting to 3rd party vendor for applicable contractors.  • On-going creation of projects, resources, and portfolio.  • Continuously improving the processes and use of the PPM tool through creation of quick start guides. IT EPMO INTERN INCOMM January 2016 to January 2017 • Prepared reports on project financial aspects and progress.  • Communicated effectively with project managers to ensure project deliverables remained on track and aligned with business goals.  • Utilized excel based reports to provide senior management a glance summary of project status.  • Captured and distributed detailed meeting minutes from project status/stakeholder meetings.  • Operated out of the Network Operation Center and assisted in monitoring servers using Opsview  monitoring tool (January 2016 - April 2016). Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Kennesaw State University - Kennesaw, GA December 2017 Links http://linkedin.com/in/JustinBorsh