Assembly Systems Launch Project Manager Assembly Systems Launch <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Assembly Systems Launch Project Manager - Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) Oak Park, MI Work Experience Assembly Systems Launch Project Manager Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) - Auburn Hills, MI 2016 to Present • Serves as project manager for new product launch in charge of analyzing, designing, and integrating new technologies and systems in automotive plants.  • Manages multiple technical projects that finish months ahead of schedule, meet strict launch milestones, and finish under budget.  • Leads strategic process analysis and optimization; reduces IT expenditures; drives system enhancements and cost savings across manufacturing and End-user services; actively researches industry trends and attends key events.  • Negotiated contracts with Purchasing to save $200k+ in integration service contract costs for 3 launches.  • Successfully estimated, maintained, and managed budgets for 3 product launches with budgets of $7M, $6.5M, and $1.5 M.  • Communicates with cross-functional teams and all stakeholders to detail project requirements, direction, status, and engagement necessary to meet all project goals.  • Effectively manages multiple technical teams of 10+ corporate employees and 5+ contractors.  • Cultivates strong relationships; delivers optimal solutions for product engineering, driver packages, and image deployment.  • Facilitates strategic planning, development, team meetings, design, and executive training for assembly systems integration.  ? FIS, PFS, AVI, BCST, PFCS, QAS, Andon, Kanban. Systems Analyst/ IT Application Manager 2013 to 2015 • Designed the scheduling, routing, tracking, sequencing, and build management system configurations for 10 vehicle launches.  • Performed diagnostic analysis, gave strategic direction, and provided documentation of process flows for plant launches and normal production to support/prevent plant breakdowns.  • Designed alternative solutions for complex build requirements to successfully keep plants running and meet launch deadlines.  • Established and communicated the plan to replace an outsourced build management system with corporate system solution without causing build issues or stopping production.  • Optimized system servers to standardize system dictionaries and databases across 11 assembly plants.  • Effectively conducted in-depth end-user training to corporate and plant personnel (Union and Professional) on the complexities of assembly systems integration, diagnosis of logs, and design of build management.  • Actively managed change control updates and incidents; maximized efficiencies; minimized production critical issues.  • Oversaw the software development, testing, implementation, and facilitated training of assembly system user interface. Education Master of Business Administration in Information Systems Oakland University - Auburn Hills, MI 2017 Bachelor of Arts in General Business Management Michigan State University - East Lansing, MI 2013 Skills ASSEMBLY (5 years), SCHEDULING (3 years), KANBAN (2 years), AIX (Less than 1 year), MICROSOFT OFFICE (Less than 1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  • Microsoft Office Suite  • Microsoft Project  • Visual Basic, Python    • Microsoft Outlook  • Assembly Systems (Scheduling, Tracking, Quality, Kanban)    • Microsoft SharePoint Administration  • Microsoft Visio  • UNIX Server (AIX Version)