Marketing Analyst & IT Manager Marketing Analyst &amp; <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Marketing Analyst & IT Manager - Rickmers-Linie (America) Inc Houston, TX Work Experience Marketing Analyst & IT Manager Rickmers-Linie (America) Inc - Houston, TX May 2013 to Present Design, develop and operating several Tomcat7/Mysql5 based Systems of KPI, CRM and Tariff filing to FMC (Federal Maritime Commission)  • CRM & KPI (MySQL) Database Administrator  • Data analysis (Industry/Accounting/Operating Data analysis) Intern Rickmers-Linie (America) Inc - Houston, TX January 2013 to May 2013 Design and develop a SSH/MYSQL based CRM and KPI web-platform launched in Mar. 2013.  • Assisted General Manager with the collection, analysis and forecast of company's global budget, revenue data. Founder Beijing Wells Square Technology CO., LTD - ??? 2012 to 2012 Design and develop a PHP/MYSQL based crowd-funding platform similar to kickstarter.com.  • Manage 4 staff members and 3 interns in designing, coding & testing website.  • Wrote business plan and received an angel investment of CNY 100,000 (Registered capital 500,000). Project Manager IT Department, Bank of China Insurance CO., LTD. (BOCI) 2010 to 2011 Managed 3 outsourcing project teams with 20+ staff members in developing and maintaining core business, e-Commerce, financial and other systems for BOCI.  • Lead baseline control, version control, release management and change management of multiple systems (ITSM).  • Assisted IT manager in drafting department's operations management policy manual and designing Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL).  • Assisted Financial Department and external auditors with the collection and analysis of data needed for annual audit to ensure a smooth and successful process. Programmer IT Department, Bank of China Insurance CO., LTD. (BOCI) 2008 to 2010 Participated in the whole process of BOCI's Oracle based ERP project including developing customized subsystem of Performance Analyzer (PA) and Oracle Financial Service Application (OFSA), developing and maintaining general ledger subsystem reports, and training end-users.  • Managed the whole process of BOCI's Financial System project including managing vendor team.  • Wrote JAVA and SQLSERVER-based application to check data consistency of business, financial and ERP systems. Real-time control and monitoring of systems handling mega unique data interacts per day.  • Wrote advanced algorithms in JAVA to detect imminent data interaction failure, which were used within a Web-based application. Education Master of Business Administration University of Houston, C. T. Bauer College of Business May 2013 Master of Economics in National Economics Central University of Finance and Economics, School of Economics May 2011 Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science Beijing University of Agriculture, College of Computer and Information Engineering May 2008 Skills oracle, mongodb, mysql, sql-server Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/hao6yu/