IT Specialist / Office Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist / Office <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Specialist / Office Manager - Cryo Clinic Flower Mound, TX Looking for a fast paced, energetic work environment where I may use my skills in creativity, analytical thinking, leadership and organization to problem solve and promote innovation; thriving success within your business and individuals. Working as an marketing specialist has lead me to become flexible in an ever changing environment. Along with my ability to learn at a fast pace, I am able to be diligent with my skills to maintain an organized and effective work environment. I would like the opportunity to help grow your business and implement my talents to my fullest ability. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist / Office Manager Cryo Clinic - Flower Mound, TX 2017 to Present • Responsible for executing product and service promotional campaigns through multiple outlets such as; email, website, social media, SEO and in office.  • Troubleshot all technical errors stationed within the Clinic, as well as managed all hardware and software updates.   • Manage product inventory and reorders.  • Using excellent time management to keep track of multiple clients and services at the same time.  • Responsible for being efficient at multitasking and juggling many tasks at once.  • The ability to forward think and avoid conflicts of resources and services.  • Responsible for executing project deadlines.  • Maintaining and updating company website.  • Managing employees in a fast pace work environment.  • In charge with daily upkeep and management of all social media outlets. Auctioneer Assistant Builders Auction Company - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX September 2015 to Present • Provide and place all visuals in regards to the auction.   • Provide prompt service to customers by assisting them with their needs and goals.   • Assisted the auctioneer by making sure all items are escorted out in a safe and timely manner. Assistant Project Manager Haven Design - Keller, TX March 2014 to September 2014 • Communicate and followed up with clients about specific projects and their goals.   • Generated estimates and invoices for clients based on services and products sold in coordination with designer.   • Visited project sites to evaluate progress and to respond to clients concerns and questions.   • Communicated with vendors to ensure timely deliveries for materials and products.   Education Bachelors in of Fine Arts in New Media Art The University - Denton, TX 2012 to 2017 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE (8 years), Microsoft Office (6 years), Management (2 years), Adobe Creative Suite (3 years), Marketing (2 years), Social Media Marketing (2 years), Digital Marketing (2 years), Social Media (2 years), Email Marketing (2 years), It Service Management (2 years) Links http://linkedin.com/erikellis Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified December 2018 to Present Do not have this certification, but working towards it. Additional Information New Media Art Galleries of University of North Texas  • Coordinated and submitted work into 3 professional art galleries  • Your Guess Is as Good As Mine, Cora Stafford Gallery, April 13-15  • Veracity, Lightwell Gallery, March 22 nd-25th  • Unfamiliar Warehouse, Cora Stafford Gallery, November 16th-18th    UNT Workshop  • Hosted VR demonstration workshop using Unity software.    Competencies:  • Leadership  • Organization  • Communication  • Self-Motivated  • Creativity  • Teamwork    Technical Knowledge    • Efficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, etc.) and QuickBooks  • Knowledgeable in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro  • Efficient in Word Press Web Design  • Effectively able to execute any command within the Mindbody Application  • Proficient with Windows 7, 8.1 and 10 as well as all Mac OS.  • Able to use several social media outlets to their fullest ability for business marketing, such as; Instagram, Facebook, Hopper, Hootsuite and Twitter.