Deployment Tech Deployment Tech Deployment Tech - SmartSource Technical Detroit, MI Work in an IT organization or department and contribute to the achievement of the business goals and objectives though the implementation and the use of information technology. Understand, recommend and apply information technology methods and practices in the corporate IT environment. Manage resources within the organization's IT infrastructure and evaluate emergent technologies and methods for use within the company. Establish professional relationships with users and managers within the organization in order to understand and address the information technology needs of the business. Assume leadership roles in which to apply information technology knowledge and skills. Work Experience Deployment Tech SmartSource Technical November 2013 to Present Providing support for Microsoft desktops/laptops, servers and network  Setting up new equipment and installing software  Management software licenses Maintenance/troubleshooting of all user hardware and software issues  • Post-Deployment  - Excellent technical and troubleshooting skills.  -May assist in the deployment of up to 25 computer per person per night.  - May assist in the day after customer support.  - Good Technical/Analytical Skills.  - Experience with Microsoft products  - Experience with PC rollouts.    • Disk wipe tech  -clean all information off computers Program Manager/ IT Support Cass Community Social Services September 2011 to Present Data Entry using Microsoft excel  -Making spread sheets using Microsoft excel  -Computer System Analyzing  -installing and configuring computer hardware operating systems and applications;  -monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks;  -talking staff/clients through a series of actions, either face to face or over the telephone to help set up systems or resolve issues;  -troubleshooting system and network problems and diagnosing and solving hardware/software faults;  -replacing parts as required;  -providing support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports;  -following diagrams and written instructions to repair a fault or set up a system;  -Supporting the roll-out of new applications;  -setting up new users' accounts and profiles and dealing with password issues;  -responding within agreed time limits to call-outs;  -working continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate);  -prioritizing and managing many open cases at one time;  -rapidly establishing a good working relationship with customers and other professionals, e.g., software developers;  -testing and evaluating new technology;  -conducting electrical safety checks on computer equipment  -Provide supervision to direct staff as assigned. Set schedules, insure adequate coverage, perform Performance Appraisals, insure quality products and services, recommend for hire and termination to the Director.  -Schedule and facilitate Individual Plan of Service with clinical staff and individual consumers. Follow up with staff to insure compliance of goals and tracking.  -Utilize HIMS to track and manage case files on all assigned consumers.  -Prepare Annual APR Reports and Quarterly Status Reports as requested by management.  -Complete CCSS' Supervisory Academy. Project Manager/ System Administrator Shannon Property LLC May 2010 to Present Perform a system development - Budget Implementation and cost reduction  - Staff supervision and development  -Test planning and development  - Installation of operating system  - troubleshooting  - TCP/IP and Subnetting  - Installation application software  - Microsoft windows server 2003 - XP, Vista, 7 Education Bachelors in Computer Information Technology Wayne State University /University of Phoenix - Detroit, MI Associate in Computer Science Wayne County Community College Additional Information o Supervise and conduct software systems validation review and approval  o Monitor projects assigned to personnel  o Evaluate projects against requirements in contracts, protocols and technical documentation  o Provided guidance, interpretation, support and consultation to operations department as needed  o Resolved issues by answering technical questions and troubleshooting problems  o In-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems  o Experience identifying and resolving technical issues and concerns  o Confident working in a team environment as well as working individually  o Outstanding communication skills with the ability to work well with co-workers that includes one-on-one and group settings    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  • Experience in automating the business processes by creating workflows using SharePoint Designer and custom workflows using Windows Workflow Foundation.  • Experience in Infopath Forms and Content Types.  • Experience working with ACTIVE DIRECTORY and also User Profile Management by adding users, granting user permissions.  • Developed Requirement document, Design and Technical Specification document.  • Experience in Knowledge Base Application  • Expertise in Web-Development technologies like HTML, DHTML, CSS, ASP, XML, JQuery, VBScript and JavaScript.  • Experience in developing and using CSS (Cascading style sheets) for look and feel of the entire Application.  • Experience of implementing AJAX functionality to improve the responsiveness.  • Excellent working Knowledge of ASP.NET 2.0/3.0/3.5 controls like GridView, DetailView, and Data Source controls such as ObjectDataSource, SQLDataSource and Master Pages for consistent layout of pages in the application.  • Excellent experience in working with different object oriented programming techniques, Microsoft design patterns like Microsoft View Patterns (MVP), WCF, WPF, Web Services.  • Extensive experience in handling Internet Information Server (IIS), Creating and configuring the virtual directories, map them to physical folders and configuration of the applications for domain authentication, Data Transformation Services (DTS) in SQL Server 2000/2005/2008.