IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Operations Liaison Analyst Lincoln, NE • Over 15 years experience with USCIS records/data management contracts and 19 years of customer service experience in various applications.  • Project Management Experience through Citizenship and Immigration contracts writing various parts of contract proposals, analyzing pricing/staffing, procurement and production rates. IT Project management experience implementing a new records management system for the Nebraska State Patrol.  • A complex knowledge in multiple levels of management experience over a course of 14 years with specialized experience in quality control / quality management / risk management / project management /procurement / purchasing / pricing / project analysis.  • Ability to help develop complex projects from concept to fully operational status. Able to see the big picture and think outside the box to formulate resolutions.  • Goal-oriented individual with strong leadership capabilities and proven ability to develop leaders through training in the Leadership Program at Doane College.  • Organized, highly motivated, and detail-directed problem solver. Over 10 years of process improvement experience to improve quality, production, and cost savings.  • Proven ability to work in unison with all stakeholders that include customers, staff, multiple departments, and managers with a strong ability to adapt to an ever changing work environment.  • Highly proficient in compiling statistics, resolving issues/concerns derived from comprehensive analysis and writing detailed reports on a variety of subject matter.  • Ability to identify key issues and develop alternative procedures to accomplish the current needs of the organization.  • Positive, can do attitude to facilitate customer needs while protecting the organizations best interest.  • Do the jobs right the first time mentality. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager NEBRASKA STATE PATROL - Lincoln, NE December 2016 to Present Managing multiple projects including software installation, software configuration for end users, negotiating with vendors, training end users, communicating with multiple stakeholders across different government agencies, and presenting project status reports to various levels of staff. Deputy Site Manager Department of Homeland Security - Lincoln, NE August 2014 to October 2015 Honors & Awards  Recognized by the Director of the Nebraska Service center as one of the founding members of the Department of Homeland Security.  Recognized by the Director of the Nebraska Service center for excellence on helping to successfully implement the work on demand program.  Certificates for outstanding customer service and going above and beyond the job description.  Outstanding achievement awards.  Inspirational Leadership award.  Advanced understanding of quality recognition by the American Society of Quality Operations Liaison Analyst Service Center Operations Team, Datatrac Information Services - Lincoln, NE 2011 to 2014 • Provide analysis of operating procedures and provide best practice analysis to improve overall production, quality, and cost efficiency.  • Conducted pricing analysis, completed procurement and purchasing of materials based on specifications determined by all stakeholders.  • Troubleshoot potential problems through data analysis and develop strategies to resolve identified issues within processes.  • Generate computer database sweeps detailing various levels of information concerning available customer work and analyzing data gathered to present to USCIS officials utilizing Microsoft Access/SQL/Microsoft Excel/Microsoft Project in unison with multiple databases to extract pertinent information.  • Maintain and develop exemplary customer service within all levels of the customer's organization, stakeholders, and shareholders.  • Gain an extensive understanding of all data entry, fee, mail, and file operations to improve quality and quantity of work produced.  • Develop/update working procedures used to train existing and new employees on various complex processes.  • Analyze current processes to determine if alternative solutions to certain functions can be implemented to improve quality and production output. Education B.A. in Arts and Sciences University of Nebraska Lincoln - Lincoln, NE Masters in Management Doane College Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) May 2019 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Groups Member of Nebraska Project Management Society April 2014 to Present Networking opportunities with other Nebraska Project Managers and gain insights into new methods of Project Management.