Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager New York, NY Highly-driven IT & management consultant with over 12 years of experience and strong capabilities in managing multi-platform media and digital solutions and aiding in the development and growth of global businesses. Reliable, consistently delivering high quality, accurate work. Responsible, energetic team-player with quick learning skills and strong work ethic, always seeking new and challenging opportunities. Work Experience Project Manager Virtusa Corperation January 2018 to September 2018 Domain Broadcast Media  Technology Active Directory, Windows Server 2008/2012 R2, Quest Migration Manager (QMM)  Project Description  Remediation of existing Active Directory environment, creation of new design, enhancing security delegation model, to migrate from legacy forest to an already created forest and implement best practices aligned with client's identity management objectives. Project Manager Virtusa Corperation September 2017 to January 2018 Domain Broadcast Media  Technology  WordPress, HTML 5, CSS 3, LESS / SAS, Bootstrap, AngularJS, ASP.NET WEB API, C#, SQL Server 2014, MySQL, Visual Studio 2015, VS Code, Notepad++, Adobe Photoshop, Node, Browser Stack, Solr 5.x    Project Description  Develop, and integrate new features, modules and updated design - UI and UX of clients flagship internal sales site product. Manager - Delivery Virtusa Corperation - Westborough, MA 2017 to 2018 Lead and managed day-to-day operations and scope of projects  ? Planning and implementation of projects  ? Facilitate the definition of project scope, goals and deliverables  ? Define project tasks and resource requirements  ? Develop full scale project plans  ? Assemble and coordinate project team  ? Manage project resource allocation together with Resource Management Team  ? Plan and schedule project timelines  ? Track project deliverables  ? Provide direction and support to project team  ? Monitor and report on progress of the project to all stakeholders  ? Present reports defining project progress, problems and solutions IT, Digital Operations, Product Development, and Offshore Team Management consulting 2014 to 2017 for several startup and growth-stage ventures.    Consulting Engagement Highlights Education Bachelor's Skills MS PROJECT, PROJECT PLANNING, TEAM MANAGEMENT (3 years), SHAREPOINT, MS SHAREPOINT, Outlook, Estimating, Scheduling, budget, JIRA, Agile, Requirements Gathering, Requirements Management, Vendor Management, Vendor Relationships, Scrum, Project Management, Project Coordination, Risk Assessment, Risk Management, Management, Business Analysis Additional Information Core Competencies  • Resource Planning Management • Release/Deployment Management  • Project Planning/Tracking • Scope Management  • Client Relationship Management • Schedule Control  • Team Management and Leadership • Expectation Management  • Risk Management    Tools and Technologies:  • MS PowerPoint • MS SharePoint • Google Analytics  • MS Excel • MS Word • Salesforce  • MS Project • Jira    Educaion  BS, Finance -- Pennsylvania State University 2003