Director of Finance & Operations Director of Finance &amp; Operations Director of Finance & Operations - TechTogether New York Work Experience Director of Finance & Operations TechTogether New York - Flushing, NY January 2019 to Present • Oversee and manage budget of the Hackathon (bookkeeping).  • Reach out to vendors, negotiate pricing, and disburse funds.  • Advise Director with management issues of other Directors, their tasks, and planning of the entire event. CEO & Co-Founder Lurik Labs - Flushing, NY September 2018 to Present • Lead a startup team of Game Developers, Gameplay Programmers, and Artists to build games using STEM concepts.  • Created and implemented vision and timeline of Lurik Labs.  • Created workflows, budgeting, bookkeeping, marketing, and business relation strategies.    Lurik Academy CEO & Co-Founder Sept 2018-Present Flushing, NY  • Design and teach game development seminars on Unity 3D.  • Mentor students on Project Management process and team building.  • Create game development workshops as well as organize meetups, for students, to discuss game development. Undergraduate Researcher U.S. Department of Ed - Jamaica, NY June 2018 to September 2018 • Used design based research to create systems to incorporate game based learning into VR simulations.  • Designed a VR simulation using Unity 3D that allows for retaining, understanding, and associating of information about ecosystems.  • Presented the VR research at the 2018 Summer Research Symposium at York College which was well  received by professors, students and the public. Assistant Project Manager U.S. Department of Ed - Jamaica, NY July 2018 to August 2018 • Taught and mentored students from grades 6-12 on building, programming, testing drones, hovercrafts, and robots.  • Mentored high school students on their future goals.  • Assisted Project Manager with management issues and oversaw students and coaches to assist in problem solving. IT Manager GetWell MedCare LLC - Woodside, NY May 2015 to May 2018 • Worked with Director and Founder to design and implement new protocols, workflows, and paperless infrastructure.  • Configured, troubleshoot, and resolved computer peripheral issues, networking issues, and medical record requests.  • Resolved patient complaints/issues including billing, appointments, and report retrieval. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science York College of the City University of New York - Jamaica, NY September 2018 Skills Database, Postgresql, Sql, Visual studio, C#, C++, Html, Javascript, Bootstrap, Python, Java, Spring, Css Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/rykhan https://github.com/richkhan https://richkhan.github.io Additional Information SKILLS  Programming Language: Java  Web Programming: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Spring Boot  Database Skill: SQL, PostgreSQL  Other: Python, C++, Visual Studio, Unity3d, C#, Heroku