Web Project Manager/Web Developer Web <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Web Developer Charleston, SC Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Web Project Manager/Web Developer Web Strategy Plus - Remote February 2019 to August 2019 Manage web development projects from initial wireframe design to completion. Develop and design CMS sites utilizing current best practices. Drive project delivery according to budget, timeline and scope of work. Manage all web projects between client, developers and social media department. Assist in troubleshooting, recovering and launching live sites. Provide online training across various departments along with clients to ensure best use of online software systems and CMS. Track, follow and generate reports on web systems, timelines and IT tickets. Office Manager Gorilla Fabrication - Charleston, SC March 2018 to February 2019 Maintain electronic and paper filing systems. Greet visitors, route and resolve information requests. Generate reports including customer invoicing. Collect electronic and cash payments. Review, track and prepare budgets; maintain records and databases. Post social media content, track insights and develop ad campaigns. Update website along with managing new content. Coordinate employee schedules and time off. Provide office organization. Set-up company events. Book management appointments. Open the office. Coordinate calendar for project build schedule. Marketing Director/Office Manager Johnson & Wilson Real Estate, LLC - Charleston, SC August 2017 to March 2018 Create new print branding materials including: postcards, flyers, brochures and business cards. Implement and track online recruiting campaigns. Engage in business networking events. Develop educational lectures and participate in sales meetings. Reply to all online inquiries and reviews. Manage social media and website. Grow online brand engagement. Track and record all Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, Joomla, Twitter and Google Business Analytics/Insights. Review analytics to rejuvenate marketing strategies. Write plus design content for email marketing. Attend all marketing events and set up new opportunities. Manage content for online surveys. IT/Marketing Director RE/MAX Realty Professionals - Bloomington, IN December 2015 to July 2017 Develop and implement marketing campaigns in accordance with brand. Write copy for all newspaper ads, press releases, and monthly Homefinder issue. Monitor campaign spending against budget and kept accurate records. Provide detailed analytics and insights for all online marketing efforts. Maintain office computer software and networking equipment. Set up and teach staff training for all software systems and processes. Plan, set-up and attend all community events and fundraising campaigns. Education Associate in Computer Science Heartland Community College May 2008 to December 2010 Skills Indesign (9 years), Photoshop (9 years), Zendesk (1 year), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Wordpress (9 years), Dreamweaver (9 years), MailChimp (3 years), Constant Contact (5 years), Quickbooks (2 years) Links https://meredithcompton.com/ Groups Indigo Fields Architectural Board Committee Member January 2019 to Present Additional Information Technical Skills  Meredith Compton  PHOTOSHOP    WEB DEVELOPER  INDESIGN