IT Administrator <span class="hl">IT</span> Administrator IT Administrator IT and Network Administrator committed to providing dedicated solutions for organizations up to and including Fortune  500 companies. Experienced in supporting operations from a few hundred users up to over 20k+. Industry experience  includes education in local school district as well as college, banking, logistics and transportation. Diplomatic leader and  strategic problem solver.    TECHNICAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS  Office 365 Admin Ghost imaging OneDrive  Active Directory Exchange Administration Symantec & ESET Antivirus  Microsoft Azure Google Admin Suite WAP  Cisco Meraki, PXE imaging Server, Cable creation Cisco VPN/Cisco VoIP  PowerShell, ServiceNow Office 2007 and above Routers/switches  Duo, SolarWind Chromebook, iPad, Tablets Port security  Asset management LDAP Firewall configuration  Windows XP, 7 & 10 Group Policy Command Line  Mac OS Registry changes Premier Teller  DHCP/DNS IT auditing Fiserv, Navigator  Kaseya SharePoint VMware  IP Addressing and scheming Hardware/Software VirtualBox  ConnectWise Remote desktop connection Work Experience IT Administrator Mars Area School District May 2019 to July 2019 Executed PXE image for over 150 Surface Go tablets and over 200 Surface 3 tablets  ? Refurbished and repurposed over 200 student and faculty machines  ? Maintained district network devices and software with ConnectWise and Cisco Meraki  ? Managed inventory and warranty policies for network devices and hardware IT Administrative Support Mega-Byte Computer Services March 2019 to May 2019 Configured and organized Fiserv and Premier Teller for Andover Bank locations  ? Assessed and managed client servers weekly to ensure optimal functioning  ? Analyzed and verified virus and security checks using Symantec software  ? Repaired Cisco switches and routers for client servers  ? Installed server racks and configured blade servers for bank databases  ? Corrected procedural flaws and added supporting documentation to the IT Glue database Office 365 Administrator Penn State University November 2018 to February 2019 Administered products of Azure Suite such as virtualization and cloud storage to assist in migrating PSU to an Office 365 environment  ? Discovered new troubleshooting methods through Office 365 applications that helped the admin team expedite  migration  ? Utilized LDAP and Windows PowerShell to quickly and more efficiently handle user permissions  ? Employed Office 365 Admin Portal to set up resources, shared mailboxes, and distribution lists  ? Integrated Duo to PSU's Office 365 environment and educated students and faculty on how to use two-factor  authentication to access their profiles IT Project Lead Dell October 2018 to November 2018 Lead and motivated dedicated technician team in recovering and replacing over 800 Dell machines for Cummins'  manufacturing facility  ? Managed and organized inventory and logistics to facilitate machine recovery and installation  ? Executed DBAN to expunge data from hard drives and systematically destroyed machines IT Administrative Support Ibis Tek March 2018 to September 2018 Upgraded XP and Windows 7 environments to Windows 10 and maintenanced Exchange and Office 2007-2013 on all network devices  ? Diagnosed and fixed manufacturing equipment such as easy cut machines and water jets  ? Researched and implemented different engineering programs such as SolidWorks and Altium  ? Utilized Azure Suite for security compliance SLAs and virtualization of Cisco and Dell servers  ? Configured and deployed Lansweeper and ESET for asset management and security updates  ? Organized and restructured IT department and equipment to a new building Technical Support Specialist Continuum October 2017 to February 2018 Utilized Cisco VOIP for client and network telecommunications  ? Managed client Windows Server 2008/2012 environments and resolved issues in Active Directory, DNS, and Exchange  ? Troubleshot all major issues with Office 365 and Office 2007 and above  ? Employed Evolv and UltiPro in healthcare systems to help clients manage and schedule patients  ? Obtained seven management certifications while working with the company Field Technician Vitro September 2017 to October 2017 Collaborated on an admin team to migrate PPG to a Vitro image across more than 400 devices  ? Upgraded PPG users from a Windows 7 to a Windows 10 environment  ? Diagnosed and corrected network issues to improve Windows 10 upgrade for end users Field Technician First National Bank June 2017 to August 2017 Traveled to FNB locations in the tri-state area to deploy desktops and laptops  ? Managed end user network drives and email accounts in Outlook and Office 365  ? Assisted with port security on Cisco switches and routers across FNB locations  ? Installed and maintenanced blade servers and battery backups IT Project Lead First National Bank January 2017 to April 2017 Headed and organized motivated technician team to merge over 100 FNB locations  ? Deployed and tested 1,200+ user accounts in Navigator and Premier Teller  ? Administered and tested Office 365 accounts and formatted distribution lists  ? Managed Windows Servers 2012/2008 by creating users and adding them to company programs  ? Instructed end users on Watchdog security software to manage web browsing IT Manager Child Development Centers October 2016 to December 2016 Collaborated on an admin team to set up Windows and Google Admin servers  ? Implemented and managed a Google network using an admin application suite and mail services  ? Cabled and deployed access points and configured IP addressing across the CDC network  ? Executed PXE image for faculty tablets and systemized inventory in network database  ? Installed security cameras and administered Norton Antivirus to enhance district security Technical Support Specialist Enkompas May 2016 to October 2016 Utilized Cisco VPNs and Cisco telecommunication systems to assist clients  ? Implemented Kaseya to reset passwords, deploy antivirus programs, and virtualize Windows 2008/2012 server  environments  ? Repurposed hardware and deployed Ghost image to Microsoft and Mac machines  ? Structured DNS and DHCP IP addressing pools to set up print management servers IT Support Specialist and Inventory Manager Crawford Central School District June 2014 to September 2014 Installed new blade and Dell servers with a team of technicians  ? Configured and maintenanced wireless access points throughout the district  ? Repaired more than 300 devices between Mac and Windows products  ? Implemented Windows Server 2012 for Exchange and mail services  ? Refurbished hardware and executed PXE image to network devices across the district  ? Inventoried and maintained device serial numbers, licenses, and warranties Twin Creeks Head FCAA November 2013 to May 2014 System Administrator and IT Manager  ? Upgraded and managed network devices to Windows 8.1  ? Deployed and managed mail and Exchange services  ? Administered Group Policy throughout the school district  ? Negotiated and implemented a Google for Non Profit Account saving $15,000 in user fees  ? Installed Windows 2008 servers and added users via Active Directory  ? Utilized DHCP and DNS to set up scopes and IP addressing pools in Windows 2008 servers Help Desk Associate Meadville Medical Center August 2013 to November 2013 Organized and resolved tickets using KACE  ? Established cable management at workstations and server areas  ? Repaired hardware and software for Mac and Windows network devices  ? Executed PXE image for Apple and Microsoft systems across hospital network Education Laurel Technical Institute - Meadville, PA May 2014 Skills Active Directory, Vmware, Exchange, Cisco, Security