IT Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Analyst IT Analyst Gastonia, NC Motivated self-starter with excellent communication, multitasking and client service skills. Customer service, Administrative duties, Marketing, Office/ Project Management, Software Development, Data Analyst, Networking.  Highly organized and detail-oriented with a drive for attention to detail. Thrives in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. Work Experience IT Analyst Axelon (TIAA) April 2018 to October 2018 Managed, maintained and created tickets for internal personnel ticket queue via phone and chat.  ? Deploying various software and applications to assist users in their day to day tasks.  ? Develop knowledge base articles within Service Now.  ? Maintaining reports for various projects and tickets.  ? Training fellow counterparts and internal personnel as needed. Queue Management/ Project Manager TEKsystems - Charlotte, NC July 2016 to April 2018 Managed and maintained a fast pace ticketing queue with over 500+ ticket request for various installs, decommissioning, trouble issues for a team of 30 technicians  ? Proficient in Service Now (Central Station) triaged all ticket requests daily to make sure pertinent information has been provided before determining the project scope  ? Develop relationships with Ticket Owners, Business Units, and their Director's  ? Generate and manage KPI reports, attend business group meetings, the initial point of contact for tickets, delivery, and escorts  ? Met with Leads and Supervisors for an overview of special projects  ? Analyzed and contacts customers for work ticket required points of references.  ? Met with teams to transfer handoff between first and second shifts Level 2 Help Desk Support C3i HealthCare - Kings Mountain, NC November 2015 to July 2016 Monitoring the call flow, breaks, and lunches. Utilizing all support resources provided including emails, documentation, contact lists, etc.  ? Documentation of Client Networks  ? Assist Sr. Engineers on Larger projects like system-wide migrations  ? Installation, configuration, troubleshooting and customization of MS Office 365 and Office Suite applications per customer's preferences  ? Understanding of and ability to install, configure and test workstation hardware  ? Configure file, print and remote access services  ? Administration, including add/remove users and groups, configure file permissions, check event logs, all using Active Directory and IDM  ? Takes ownership of tasks and follows through to ensure complete resolution  ? Takes a personal interest in, and responsibility for, quality of work L1's perform or are associated with  ? Ability to pay close attention to detail while performing technically detailed tasks  ? Ability to deal effectively with stressful situations  ? Ability and willingness to recognize when it is necessary to ask for technical expertise from others without unnecessarily burdening other team members  ? Ability to provide accurate time estimates for how long a task will take  ? Understands that the success of individuals is measured by the success of their teams  ? Ability to quickly learn new technologies through the use of self-study materials and provide desk-side IT troubleshooting support for L1 techs and end-users  ? Effectively report problems as necessary to Help Desk management for fast resolution Education Associate in Software Development Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC December 2018 to Present Skills Active directory, Cisco, Citrix, Vpn, Python, Visio, Power bi, Workday, Kronos, Jde, Sql, Sap, Rsa, Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Bi, access, Security, testing, training, HTML, testing, Security, access, HTML, training, Microsoft Office, Sharepoint Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information Skills    Citrix, Kronos, Agent 8.0, Resource Manager, Salesforce, Lync, MacAfee, Service-Now, Concur, Act First,  RSA Token, JDE, SQL, PowerShell, Python, Microsoft (Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Azure, Visio, Onenote),  Active Directory, Veeva, EDocs, Workday, Onedrive, Power BI, Skype, Compliance Wire, VPN, Cisco,  Altris, SAP, Nlyte E-approval, Capri, Central Station, RFCode, DCBAM, Keynotes, iCloud numbers, VIOP, Quip, Racks, and iTrac