Production Associate Production Associate Frontend Supervisor Richmond, CA Perfect addition to any team Work Experience Production Associate Tesla - Fremont, CA September 2017 to March 2018 Paint prep - prepared raw materials to be painted for cars, fixed any imperfections after materials were  painted  ? Clean and organized workspace  ? Record reading data for future production of cars Frontend supervisor Target - Emeryville, CA May 2017 to September 2017 Handles all opening and closing store duties, including money handling.  ? Delegate duties, tasks, and breaks to all cashiers.  ? Helps customers find items and assist team members in finding a resolution for upset customers.  ? Consistently push team members to reach daily sales goals and problem solve. Toy Department Supervisor Toys 'R Us - Emeryville, CA May 2015 to March 2017 Delegate duties and tasks to members of the Sales Floor team.  ? Promotes sales and profit department goals with attention to customer service excellence.  ? Conducts training on merchandising standards, sales skills, and administrative procedures for all team  members.  ? Provide feedback and input to AM on development of department plan and team members productivity.  ? Maintains smooth operation of entire sales floor by demonstrating decision making/problem solving skills  for service recovery. Claims Supervisor Square Trade INC - San Francisco, CA September 2014 to March 2015 Assisted customers with the claim filing process, including approving and denying claims.  ? Delivered solutions to common problems with customer's electronics, including creative problem solving.  ? Maintained detailed and accurate customer notes via Salesforce CRM.  ? Provide a friendly customer experience while dealing with and vast variety of personality. Junior IT Finance Project Manager - Intern Sutter Health - CPMC - San Francisco, CA February 2014 to July 2014 Supported the Senior Financial Analyst, Directors, and CIO by preparing purchase requisitions and invoices for approval and producing various financial spending reports.  ? Created 100+ PDFs of invoices, purchase requisitions, and expense vouchers to maintain electronic  records, resulting in easily-accessible files. Education Information Technology, Business Communications, Project Management, and Professional Development Foothill College - San Francisco, CA September 2013 to July 2014 Skills Customer Service Skills (6 years)