IT Test Manager and Quality Analyst for Project Services <span class="hl">IT</span> Test <span class="hl">Manager</span> and Quality Analyst for <span class="hl">Project</span> Services IT Test Manager and Quality Analyst for Project Services Big Flats, NY Motivated professional experienced in Information Technology, Project Test Management, Customer Service, Training, Education, and Quality Assurance. Strong desire for continuous growth, aiming to help achieve the company goals and take on more responsibility. Passionate, committed and determined to provide high-quality work that will exceed expectations. Hard working individual with proven skills. Work Experience IT Test Manager and Quality Analyst for Project Services Corning Incorporated March 2019 to July 2019 Lead and facilitate SDLC process as Subject Matter Expert providing coaching, direction, and expertise to the Project Managers and project team.  ? Create and inspect project documentation such as test approach, test scripts, reports, defects logs, requirements, plans, and designs.  ? Manage the testing and defect resolution processes. Organize, coordinate, track and report testing in HP Quality Center.  ? Work collaboratively with the Quality team, Business Analysts, Operational Receivers, Service Line Personnel and Project Services group towards a successful implementation of projects.  ? Responsible for Training Project personnel in use of Quality Center. Bilingual IT Service Desk Trainer and Analyst Corning Incorporated August 2017 to March 2019 Implemented new strategies to the training curriculum for the IT Service Desk workforce development and coordinated training for new hires.  ? Performed evaluations, coaching sessions, and managed Quality Assurance and reviews for trainees.  ? Exceeded benchmarks and goals providing technical assistance and support related to computer systems, software, hardware and infrastructure.  ? Provided excellent customer service and adhered to all service management principles, documented processes, and team guidelines.  ? Performed daily tasks such as Active Directory administration and ServiceNow utilization, Microsoft Exchange Server support & administration, Altiris Deployment server utilization, and Installation, configuration, support, and troubleshooting of various software, printers and learning management system. Teacher EOP Head Start February 2016 to June 2017 Designed, developed, and implemented an educationally comprehensive program to meet the individual need of children. Evaluated, assessed, and analyzed students' performance, individually and group learning.  ? Supervise the teacher assistants and the teacher aides. CPS Caseworker Chemung County DSS August 2016 to January 2017 Responsible for investigating, interviewing and assessing the safety of the children and the families.  ? Managed casework and conducted comprehensive assessment to identify family strengths, resources and needs. Assisted in developing a mutual service plan between social worker and family which identifies goals and strategies for achieving them.  ? Attended hearings at family court and testified at legal proceedings. Education Master's in University Teaching Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Metro - San Juan, PR August 2013 to February 2015 Bachelor's in Early Childhood Education Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Arecibo - Arecibo, PR May 2013 Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, ORGANIZATION SKILLS, COMPUTER TROUBLESHOOTING, COMPUTER TROUBLESHOOTING SKILLS, BILINGUAL, ALM, QA, HPQC, Project Management, Training & Development, Public Speaking, Coaching, Presentation Skills, Analytics, Desktop Support, Process Improvement, Organizational Skills, Assessment, Supervising, Evaluations, Call Center, Curriculum Design, Curriculum Development, Information Technology, Software Development