Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Experienced Director and IT Specialist with the proven ability to provide exceptional  user support and resolve critical operational issues. Searching for a challenging and  rewarding opportunity to exercise my developed management and leadership skills  while showcasing my vast knowledge of computer systems, software and hardware. Work Experience Project Manager Ascent Business Systems - Houston, TX June 2018 to Present IT Director Eco-Tech 4 Solutions, Inc April 2016 to Present Consultant)  - Design and implement business strategies, plans and procedures  - Set comprehensive goals for performance and growth  - Establish policies that promote company culture and vision  - Lead employees to encourage maximum performance and dedication  - Evaluate performance by analyzing and interpreting data and metrics  - Write and submit reports to the CEO in all matters of importance  - Assist CEO in fundraising ventures  - Participate in expansion activities (investments, acquisitions, corporate  alliances etc.)  - Manage relationships with partners/vendors IT Specialist TekSystems June 2014 to Present Systems Manager QUEST IRA, Inc - Katy, TX 2016 to April 2018 company over 200+ hours per week by developing and implementing new automated  systems.  - Developed & Managed New Department(Systems) for Quest IRA  - Responsible for all back end system management and coding for Salesforce CRM  - Create and Manage Changes to the System  - Proactively seek out and identify needed system changes.  - Proactively gather feedback from users.  - Manage system changes without interruption to the user.  - Communicate system changes to the users in advance so they understand  the change and how to use it prior to implementation. Supervisor over 10 subordinates Wal-Mart September 2016 to September 2016 September 2016 Completed various contracts revolving around information technology and customer  support. Contracts are listed as follows:  - Wal-Mart: POS Refresh; Supervisor over 10 subordinates. Installation of new  tech devices. 20 locations.  - CBRE-Wells Fargo/Global Services Project: Security and automation systems  inspector. Data acquisition and analysis supervisor.  - IBM/BP: Project Team Lead for Equipment Migration; Performed PC  disconnects and reconnects as well as unboxing and boxing of equipment.  - Dell AT&T Star Project: Supervisor; Installation of PC's, tablets, monitors, TV's  and fixture demos at AT&T retail store locations.  - NRG Energy:Team Manager and program developer of data migration program  code  - Inspectorate: Utilized a mass distribution software to perform an Active  Directory (AD) migration.  - H.E.B. Groceries: Project Team Lead; Complete technological set up of 7 H.E.B.  locations.  - Excel Distribution: Project Team Lead while installing PC/Printer hardware and software during a Windows 7 image upgrade. Also provided user support for  migrated users.  - Kohl's Retail Pin Pad Replacement: Project Team Lead while replacing  merchant services card readers. Systems Manager QUEST IRA, Inc 2016 to 2016 to March  Proactively seek out new ways to make each department more efficient. Saving the Education High School Diploma Clear Brook High School - Friendswood, TX June 2013 Skills C++, HTML, JAVASCRIPT, CRM (2 years), WINDOWS 7 (9 years), Windows 10 (3 years), SQL (2 years), Networking (4 years), Project Management (3 years), Management (6 years), Microsoft office (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Salesforce Administrator April 2018 to Present Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS  Key Strengths  - Specialization in Management, Communication, and Automation. Extensive  knowledge of computers enhances my ability to recognize and solve  problems.  Technical Skills  - Languages: JavaScript, C++, SOQL, APEX, DML, HTML, HTML 5, Batch,  Powershell, WMIC, PSEXC, and Shell/CMD.  - Tools: Altiris, CMD, Powershell, WMIC, VMware, Unitrends, IIS, PSEXC,  Directory and Resource Administration (DRA), Active Directory (AD),  Registry, System Recovery, Password Recovery, Windows Server 2003- 2016.  - Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8/8.1, Windows 10,  Backtrack5, Redhat, Kali, Ubuntu, Linux, and Mac.  - Networking: VPN, LAN, Voice over IP, VLAN, WLAN, NAS, Building  Automation Systems, Cisco routers and switches, Firewalls, IDF's, and MDF's.  - Other: Administrator and Developer console for Salesforce CRM, A+  Experienced.