Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Senior Project Manager - Leidos Alexandria, VA Work Experience Senior Project Manager Leidos - Arlington, VA August 2017 to Present Senior Project Manager in support of the Air Force National Capital Region (AFNCR) IT Services program at the National Military Command Center (NMCC). Provide support services for information systems for Headquarters Air Force (HAF), Air Force District of Washington (AFDW), Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD), Joint Chiefs of Staff, and other Air force activities within the AFNCR missions to include the Pentagon.  • Responsible for initiate, planning, executing, monitoring and control and closing of projects for government customers within the National Military Command Center.  • Provide scheduling data to update the Microsoft Project Integrated Master Schedule.  • Solve technical and non-technical problems throughout the life of the project, by updating project status in Remedy tool. IT Project Manager Christopher J. O'Keeffe, CPA, LLC - Fort Belvoir, VA February 2016 to July 2016 Provided expert knowledge to Department of Defense (DoD) PEO Enterprise Information Systems (PEO EIS) U.S. Army program operations, program execution, and program budgeting to provide expert knowledge to assist the Program Office in the development of standard documentation which may include, but not limited to: Program Management Plans, Executive-level white papers, and briefings of covering ongoing operations, new work efforts, and status of program risks for mitigation.  • Coordinate the cross-functional integration with Business Management and Integration, Strategy and Logistics and with Product Manager Office, manage inter-dependencies in project plan reflect the nature and sequence of tasks on project.  • Provided monitoring and oversight to master project plan to include completion of tasks against master project plan. Ensured inter-dependencies in project plan reflect the nature and sequence of tasks on the project which coordinated efforts of internal consulting resources assigned to the teams. Managed projects utilizing Microsoft Project 2010 to a successful state. Program Manager Digital Management Incorporated - Bethesda, MD August 2015 to January 2016 Manage a staff of 23-30 employees to provide Audio Visual (AV) / Video Teleconferencing (VTC) support services for the Enterprise Information Technology Services Directorates (EITSD), Washington Headquarters Services (WHS). Process AV/VTC support requests and ensure performance is measured, tracked and reported to verify AV/VTC content delivery methods and channels are maintained in reliable and functional condition, and provide alternative avenues of content delivery in the face of unforeseen events (i.e. equipment failure).  • Reported status of AV/VTC projects in daily Operations stand-up meetings and bi-weekly Operations projects meetings. Effectively collaborate and work as an integrated team (Front Office, Back Office, Solutions Engineering, Telecommunications, etc.  • Directed AV/VTC Engineers in operating and designing a network using routing protocols BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, Layer 3/-2 MPLS VPN, IPsec VPN. Demonstrated experience with WAN Optimization appliances and with sophisticated tools for capacity planning and predicative analytics for bandwidth trends  • Demonstrated expert experience with troubleshooting a wide range of LAN, MPLS WAN, Wi-Fi and SAN, network issues hampering service availability and making recommendations for system fixes and enhancements.  • Lead the Acquisition of a new customer Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) into the Joint Service Provider (JSP) domain to leverage tools to manage routers and switch configurations. In addition, to manage critical mitigation into the JSP Network. Program Operations Analyst, Strategy and Management Services Project Office Enterprise Email - Springfield, VA June 2014 to October 2014 Provided support for the Project Office, Enterprise Email (PO, EE) by identifying project requirements in the form of interviewing the customers; analyzing operations; determining project scope; documenting results. Developed solutions to problems by describing requirements in a work-flowchart and diagram; studying system capabilities; analyzing alternatives solutions; preparing system specifications and writing programs. The use of Microsoft Project 2010 as resource to assign tasks in assigning work estimate.  ? Created the Project Office Enterprise Email (PO, EE) Customer Outreach Program to provide Army Defense Email Enterprise (DEE) Managers, Stakeholders and End Users a consolidated forum to exchange information.  ? Lead for the weekly teleconferences for migration of Soto Cano/Army South to the Department of Defense Enterprise Email.  ? Lead for the Bi-weekly Internal Project Review (IPRs) with Army Stakeholders for the Raven Rock Mountain Complex (RRMC) Autonomous Operations Requirements.  ? Develop Project Charters, WBS, Schedules, and other project deliverables  ? Perform requirements gathering and project scope management, IT Project Manager Blue Canopy - Reston, VA September 2012 to July 2013 Provided project management support for The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), Directorate for Information Management (DS). Supported the Tripwire Analytic Capability (TAC) and the Multimedia Message Manager Program fully funded at $20 million dollars providing Project Manager (PM) support for the project planning, scheduling, reporting and task oversight. Oversaw the solution design, resource provisioning, system verification and delivery. Responsible for every aspect of project operations to including cost control, personnel management, subcontract management, customer satisfaction assessment, contract understanding, execution and compliance, scope management, reporting, performance management, management/customer briefings, staffing, candidate selection and on boarding, security processing, quality control, invoice management, business intelligence and correspondence.  Set up baseline Work Break Structure (WBS) schedule, project hours and expenses for authorized tasks, capturing labor hours and expenses expended, and generate resource reports.  ? Lead the move of the Bethesda, MD location to Reston, VA during high op-tempo with no loss of operations time.  ? Maintained all direct and indirect costs, invoice status, receivables, payables, pool allocations Task Order actuals including time and expenses for a 16 personnel team.  • Managed JWICS TAC system providing basic data feed normalization and Tier 1 system (24x7 Help desk) support for the JWICS, SIPR and NIPR TAC system with a total lifecycle valued at $29 million.  • Responsible for (6) Data Normalization Engineers and (10) Tier 1 System Technicians elude of DIA requirements.  • Orchestrated Reports with industry best practices and improvement techniques and initiatives that serve to maximize business value in ITIL, System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Technical Project Manager ALTA IT Services - Arlington, VA March 2012 to June 2012 Serves as liaison between the Program Management and Systems Engineering team for the Office of Secretary of Defense (OSD), in the Enterprise IT Services Directorate (EITSD). Provides operations representation at IPR's and IPT's. Provides feedback on all program documentation and updates to engineering tasks on the project schedule. Evaluates and provider recommendations on technology decisions.  • Managed $20 million mitigations to Windows 7 64-bit Operating System (OS) deployment to end users.  • Enabling over 1000 end users to receive VMware virtualized desktops and laptops throughout (OSD).  • Developed viable an approved Virtual network employing VLAN's for IT infrastructure solutions which met customer requirements and EITSD objectives and assisting the Project Manager with schedule development. Education Project Management Fundamentals Course New Horizons Computer Learning Centers April 2017 Bachelor of Science in Business Technical Management DeVry University - Arlington, VA February 2011 Skills Active Directory (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Project (2 years), operations (2 years), Remedy (1 year), Tripwire (Less than 1 year) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/marcusnsmith