IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager - Ziwira Inc New City, NY Accomplished and versatile IT web professional with 8+ years of experience in the ever changing web  world. Progressive hands-on experience in development operations and a wide repertoire of technical  experience. Proven ability to manage multiple roles simultaneously. Demonstrated strengths in complex  IT development environments. Excellent knowledge in technology implementation and management of  diverse technical teams. A strong coalition builder who works well with all disciplines and levels of  responsibility. Can quickly master new concepts and applications and possess very strong  communication and Interpersonal skills.    Key Roles & Skills  Project Lead, Technical Architect, Cloud Solutions Architect, Agile Coach, Scrum Master, DevOps/SRE    Amazon Web Services, Azure, Google Apps, JIRA, Web Development, Web Service Development, Mobile  Applications, User Experience, Team Management, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, Server-Side Programing, Strategy  Development, Software Development, Mobile JS, Android and iOS App Development, Content  Management Systems (CMS)    Javascript, Node-JS, AngularJS, JQuery, PHP, XML, JSON, REST API, .NET, C#, Java, Spring, Python,  Ruby(Rails App), Kendo UI, Eclipse, Xcode, Sencha, Joomla, Wordpress, Drupal, Magento,  WooCommerce, Opencart, CS-Cart, MySQL, Aurora, Mongodb, CM, CLI, Terminal, Powershell Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager Ziwira Inc - Dubai, AE July 2015 to Present Project Manager of Ziwira, leading a team of 10+ developers both frontend and backend. Building the world's largest eco information portal, eco marketplace and eco search engine. The complete project is  built on Amazon Web Services(AWS) with the backend running on java platform and frontend running on php and rest api. Successfully completed 4 projects from start to finish for Ziwira. Teams were  managed using jira. Work packages were assigned to 3 different team locations.  ? Ziwira Platform, which is an java soa platform that delivers content to all the other ziwira micro  sites.  ? Ziwira iOS and Android App, which is the mobile version of the website with different  functionalities and business case.  ? Ziwira B2C, marketplace for eco friendly products and services for consumers.  ? Ziwira B2B, marketplace for eco friendly products and services for businesses. UI/UX Team Lead Galaxy Project - Dubai, AE July 2014 to July 2015 Pacific Controls ( Jebel Ali, Dubai)  Galaxy is a new html5/js/rest api application that brings together vehicle management, building  management and asset management all into this one application called Galaxy. ioT(Internet of Things) is the primary focus of the company and creating eye catching dashboards is the primary task of the UI  Team. The project was for the Dubai Government. The UI/UX team consisted of 20 Team members and we followed agile development using jira for development, bitbucket for code repo and confluence for  documentation. IT Web / Social Media Manager Research and Report December 2012 to July 2014 Design the UI for the galaxy application using bootstrap.  ? Create POC's for product owner approval.  ? Create Prototypes for various business use cases.  ? Research and develop using AngularJS.  ? Connect everything to the Restful API.  ? Develop with Sencha, Kendo UI, Angular UI.  ? Design Dashboards for data visualization.  ? Work with the technical leads and business analysts.  ? Work in Agile development and managing the team's workload.  ? Research and Report various UI components.  ? Create the UI Deployment Strategy.  ? Run the UI Sprint with daily standup and reporting.  IT Web / Social Media Manager (Reporting directly to the IT Director) Dec 2012 - July 2014  Catholic Foreign Mission Society of America  ? Managed Web Application Development, Client Support and Network Infrastructure.  ? Managed the organizations websites, marketing and social media presence.  ? Managed two eCommerce websites (bookstore and gift shop).  ? Managed the web applications software development life cycle (SDLC).  ? Managed the organization's social media accounts cloud marketing solution(HootSuite).  ? Managed the organization's Web security and backups.  ? Managed the organization's helpdesk sites and client support ticketing systems.  ? Managed the organization's email server and setup eBlasts.  ? Move the organizations websites from shared to dedicated/cloud hosting.  ? Deployed an internal content gathering tool similar to sharepoint.  ? Worked closely and timely with internal departments to update web contents.  ? Deployed the latest web technology and help the Society spread its Mission and Vision. Education Bachelor of Computer Information Systems in Web Development & Administration DeVry University - Paramus, NJ Additional Information Core Competencies  Problem Solving, Self-Motivated, Integrity, Interpersonal Understanding, Achievement/Results  Orientation, Impact and Influence, Organizational Awareness, Analytical and Conceptual Thinking,  Information Seeking, Risk Management, Time Management, Technical Skills, Teamwork,  Professionalism, Dependability, Ethics, Initiative, High Performance, Adaptable.