Job Seeker Norcross, GA A competent and experienced project / program manager, with over 3 years experience in managing multi-disciplinary teams of varying sizes and complex programs of work. Has the ability to build strong relationships with all stakeholders and to turn proposals into reality. Especially successful in management roles that demand rigor, a high level of drive and dedication and a focus on delivering business outcomes through the use of methodologies. Work Experience SunTrust Bank - Atlanta, GA January 2014 to October 2014 Atlanta, GA  01/2014- 10/2014  Junior Project Manager Initiated and led project planning activities such as Scope Definition and Management, Stakeholder Identification Management, Risk & Issues Management, Communication Management, etc.  • Created and maintain a project schedule for each project by identifying and monitoring.  • Controlled and track project performance.  • Conducted regular team status meetings.  • Reported project status on a weekly basis to customer and the project team.  • Planned, develop and deploy change management initiatives for technical implementation including productivity software, systems, technical application and hardware release.  • Coordinated meetings, as needed, to initiate working sessions, resolve project issues, etc.  • Integrated change management activities into project plan  • Supported change management at the organizational level, Enterprise Change Management  • Managed the portfolio and change load PMO project Coordinator GA Pacific - Atlanta, GA October 2013 to January 2014 Responsible for managing the rollout of our SharePoint Innovation site; managing data integrity and tracking enhancement requests for the site.  • Coordinated project activities and deliverables under leadership of a Project Manager Responsible, in full or in part, for individual project deliverables as directed by Project Managers Interfaces with multiple stakeholders affected by the project and project team members  • Assisted with compiling resource allocation needs across projects / programs and helps to identify constraints Prepares, under supervision, detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans and status report  • Responsible for providing updates to project tracking documents such as Project Schedules  • Responsible for generating reports from Project Management Tools IT Junior Project Manager Fulton County School Board of Education - Atlanta, GA January 2013 to September 2013 Responsible for the project management throughout the entire project lifecycle, including project initiation/proposals, project delivery, business liaison / stakeholder management, post implementation review and project close out / handover.  • Builded and execute on comprehensive training plans to ensure support group readiness for implementation.  • Applied a structured methodology and lead change management activities  • Coordinated with other departments and organizational entities to identify and monitor issues, impacts and dependencies.  • Coordinated meetings, as needed, to initiate working sessions, resolve project issues, etc.  • Promoted continuous improvement by conducting, documenting, and communicating lessons learned.  • Setting budgets and agreeing project time scales and deadlines with clients.  • Managing staff to ensure that all milestones are achieved within the agreed timeframes.  • Conducted regular impact analysis in order to assess the consequences of the project deliverables on other sections of the business.  • Implemented and created governance plans, project management guidelines, deployment and development methodologies to reduce error, increase implementation times and quicken SharePoint development  • Hands-on migration of a highly customized SharePoint internet/intranet farm using PowerShell including setup of Active Directory trusts, training development, SharePoint security, forms based authentication, custom workflows, web applications, content deployment, security, managed metadata, service applications, features  • Created Project Financial dashboards and monitor the milestones, highlight/resolve the gaps  • Created actionable deliverables for the five change management levers: communications plan, sponsor roadmap, coaching plan, training plan, resistance management plan. Project Coordinator Turner Broadcasting System, Inc - Atlanta, GA June 2012 to October 2012 Acted as a resource provider- Right Vendors and Resources on Call  • Coordinated with ITIL Leaders, Compute Team, and Service Delivery Leads for improvements and customer satisfaction.  • Aligned with Service Delivery team for timely response to escalations, issues and concerns raised by Stake Holders, business leads and Global Compute team  • Owned the communication to Customer for incidents, action plan and works closely with the asset owner for resolution  • Planned and supervised activities for multiple projects.  • Set and managed project expectations ensuring all applicable functional areas engaged on the project.  • Executed and updating management plans as necessary.  • Resolved and documenting issues  • Worked with vendors/ Internal Global sourcing team to renew existing contacts  • Builded and execute on comprehensive training plans to ensure support group readiness for implementation.  • Promoted continuous improvement by conducting, documenting, and communicating lessons learned. Help Desk Agent AGCO - Duluth, GA August 2011 to May 2012 Regularly provided efficient technical support over the phone, maintaining presentable phone demeanor, courteousness, and creativity.  • Diagnosed software-hardware problems, responding quickly, clearly, and resourcefully.  • Accurately documented all technical support and customer's help-desk interaction.  • Followed help-desk policies to the letter - Prepared reports of activity and stayed up to date regarding system information.  • Maintained customer understanding and ensure to stay focused.  • Provided initial appraisal of classification and priority of service requests.  • Ensured to log all pertinent information.  • Ensured escalation of events and service requests.  • Provided support regarding contact resolution.  • Ensured Zero Escalation, Zero Surprise and Negotiator with the Customer Education Bachelor of Science in Technical Management DeVry University - Alpharetta, GA April 2013 Links http://www.linkedin.com/pub/tiana-conner/36/61a/470