Project Manager - Supply Chain <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Supply Chain Project Manager - Supply Chain - BlueLine Associates Tampa, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager - Supply Chain BlueLine Associates - Tampa, FL May 2018 to Present • Managed and maintained Supply Chain of 400+ hair and body product SKUs for technical transfers from one manufacturer to the next  • Ensure best practice sharing and continuous improvement within the selling regions  • Initiate and drive improvement plans to correct operational performance deviations towards specific technical transfer targets  • Developed standard operating procedures and ensure stakeholders are informed  • Created a document approval tool that leveraged manufacturing reports for regulatory and compliance review and approval  • Responsible for both strategic management of assigned projects and ensuring that projects are delivered to scope, on time and on budget  • Assist with responses to request for quotes for Supply Chain Services  • Developed a formula driven timeline for each product documentation review for compliance and regulatory standards Project Coordinator M&T Bank - Buffalo, NY April 2017 to February 2018 • Managed and maintained program governance instructions.  • Tracked, documented, and analyzed program and project data.  • Managed Program level requirements document with validation of project level requirements to analyze gaps.  • Supported Executive Program/ Project Managers by engaging in and applying principles of the project management discipline to help drive predictable, consistent delivery using the Waterfall methodology.  • Worked with 9 internal business units to prioritize and mitigate risks and issues for over 12 projects/work streams on a daily, weekly, monthly basis with allocated budgets between $100k to $4.4M supporting program $43M.  • Created PowerPoint presentations used in executive meetings for business development.  • Development of weekly reporting for issues, risks, and change requests through excel dashboards.  • Facilitation and management of risk review meetings.  • Administration of SharePoint lists, libraries, and documents.  • Created and implemented a Sharepoint strategy that evolved a more organized and user-friendly tool to functionally facilitated information and communication management across the program. Project Administrator/Business Analyst, IT Program Management M&T Bank - Buffalo, NY April 2017 to September 2017 • Supported Executive Program/ Project Managers by engaging in and applying principles of the project management discipline to help drive predictable, consistent delivery using the Waterfall methodology.  • Worked with 9 internal business units to prioritize and mitigate risks and issues for over 12 projects/work streams on a daily, weekly, monthly basis with allocated budgets between $100k to $4.4M supporting program $43M.  • Created PowerPoint presentations used in executive meetings for business development.  • Development of weekly reporting for issues, risks, and change requests through excel dashboards.  • Facilitation and management of risk review meetings.  • Timely preparation and distribution of meeting agendas, providing advance materials, and executive follow-up.  • Managed and maintained program governance instructions.  • Tracked, documented, and analyzed program and project data.  • Managed Program level requirements document with validation of project level requirements to analyze gaps.  • Administration of SharePoint lists, libraries, and documents.  • Created and implemented a Sharepoint strategy that evolved a more organized and user-friendly tool to functionally facilitate information and communication management across the program. Project Coordinator Nationwide Insurance February 2016 to February 2017 • Assisted in defining scope and project objectives by creating a control plan or program governance.  • Performed all required work products and processes in support of the program or project managers (e.g., quad reports, status reports, project management logs, action items, risk and issue management, meeting minutes and agendas).  • Created program financial management status reports and takes on related financial reporting responsibilities; uses Clarity Accounting to determine programs overall financial health and reports data using various methods, as appropriate for the BSA.  • Performed variance analyses and financial meeting for tracking program spend on forecasting, actuals, variance-to-budget, and variance explanations, while using the Budget Comparison Report (BCR) reconciliation and rolling up program financials.  • Assisted with facilitation of Program meetings, (e.g. Operating Committee, Financials, and Status Update) while producing efficient and effective notes to ensure projects were in compliance.  • Sharepoint (SPOT) created forms and tools based on business needs that are utilized across other business areas underneath the Program. Tools are used for asset management, storage usage, and reporting.  • Agile Methodology: Created a clearinghouse process & tool for communication/marketing content for Legal review while leveraging a few agile techniques between 5 business areas and the legal department.  • Edited Sharepoint websites to meet business standards including content and graphics.  • Partnered with IBM training team to develop training content for nationwide employees with a Design Thinking Workshop.  • Assisted with managing SharePoint repository.  • Assisted IBM training team in translating an asset tracking system in excel through Sharepoint as a solution aligning with other business specific needs for business development initiatives.  • Assisted IBM training team with testing course materials in preparation for upload in iDrive and iLearn for over 300 associates to review for job training purposes.  • Analyzed and managed stakeholder groups including over 300 associates in an Access database translating to create reports and queries for business specific needs. Security & Loan Project Coordinator/Analyst Nationwide Insurance - Columbus, OH October 2014 to February 2017 • Prepared and analyzed reports from Business Objects to insure accuracy with loan set up.  • Funding commercial loans reviewing loan documents, making sure information is correct in LMS prior to funding.  • Processed and reviewed loan payoffs and prepared release documents to be executed by senior management and sent back to borrowers.  • Initiated ACH/Wire approvals for payoff fees to be sent back to correspondents.  • Created legal binders, following up with attorneys for outstanding documents, which binders are audited for accuracy.  • Audits, reviewed note and loan documents for original copies.  • Participated in monthly loan servicing meetings, in discussion of previous and forwarding progress within the Real Estate Investment department. Education Master's Degree in Business Administration in Business Administration DeVry University July 2015 to October 2018 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems SUNY Buffalo State - Buffalo - New York, NY May 2013 Skills Supply Chain, Excel