Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Greenway Health, LLC Lutz, FL Work Experience Project Manager Greenway Health, LLC - Tampa, FL January 2013 to Present Planning, scheduling, budgeting, and implementation of multiple Practice Management and EHR Systems.  • Performing Project Management functions on various sized projects and platforms including meeting facilitation, managing project delivery framework, mitigating risks and issues identified and supporting deployment schedules and processes.  • Managing various sized projects from initiation through delivery, ensuring completion of the project schedule and within budget constraints.  • Working with internal/external clients to gather business requirements and coordinate project plans.  • Identifying project scope, implementation plan, engaging key stakeholders, defining and coordinating activities, communicating changes and progress, driving commitment, overcoming resistance and leading project teams.  • Serving as a liaison between the healthcare practices and the IT department by conducting recurring scheduled calls/workshops with stakeholders, engineers, and trainers.  • Communication with multiple stakeholders from varying levels including but not limited to Executives, Office Managers, Physicians, third party IT, Internal Support, Engineers, Developers, and Field Technicians.  • Providing project leadership, work direction and feedback.  • Developing and tracking project plans, including schedules, budgeting, resource schedules, communication, risk mitigation, and issue resolution plans, communicating and reporting statuses to stakeholders.  • Coordination, development, and budgeting of training plans.  • Coordination of hardware delivery, installation, and support.  • Creation and implementation of new internal processes and best practices following Lean Six Sigma Guidelines.  • Re-engineering legacy business processes to streamline efficiency using Lean Six Sigma principles.  • Coaching and training project team members on business processes and best practices.    Technical Environment: Salesforce, Intacct, Big Machines, Open Air, Windows, MS Office.    Business Analyst  MB2x  Tampa, FL  August 2012 - January 2013 (Contract)  • Solving organizational information problems and requirements by analyzing requirements; designing computer programs; recommending system controls and protocols.  • Determining operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats.  • Designing new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; writing specifications.  • Creating wireframes for Web-Applications using Balsamiq.  • Attending JAD sessions with direct client interaction.  • Conducting user analysis and writing personas.  • Documenting use cases and requirements using CaseComplete.  • Bug Tracking and resolution using Lighthouse.  • Improving systems by studying current practices; designing modifications.  • Recommending controls by identifying problems; writing improved procedures.  • Monitoring project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions.  • Maintaining user confidence and protecting operations by keeping information confidential.    Technical Environment: .Net, C#, SQL Server, Balsamiq, Case Complete, Lighthouse, VMWare, Windows. Healthcare and IT Recruiter The Computer Merchant - Norwell, MA February 2012 to August 2012 Privately Held; 1001-5000 employees; Staffing and Recruiting industry  • Identifying candidates/clients through job board databases, online job orders and existing candidate/client inventory (Job Diva) to define appropriate prospects based upon the needs of the customer.  • Consulting one-on-one with large organizations and hiring managers to identify staffing needs.  • Focus on staffing for the technology industry and the healthcare technology industry.  • Constructing Boolean search strings to expedite focused candidate/client discovery.  • Coaching candidates on interview skills and editing resumes, CVs, and portfolio materials. Talent Qualification Specialist Kforce Professional Staffing - Tampa, FL March 2011 to February 2012 Identifying candidates/clients through job board databases, online job orders and existing candidate/client inventory (Recruitmax) to define appropriate prospects based upon the needs of the customer.  • Consulting one-on-one with large organizations and hiring managers to identify staffing needs.  • Focus on staffing for the technology industry and the healthcare technology industry.  • Constructing Boolean search strings to expedite focused candidate/client discovery.  • Coaching candidates on interview skills and editing resumes, CVs, and portfolio materials.  • Rapidly promoted to the position of Talent Qualification Specialist.    Technical Abilities  • Desktop application programs: Salesforce, OpenAir, BigMachines, Intacct, Balsamic, CaseComplete, Lighthouse, MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Visio, MS SharePoint, Adobe Photoshop  • Programming languages: Javascript, HTML, CSS Education Bachelor of Arts in English University of Florida - Gainesville, FL 2009