Associate Attorney Associate Attorney Associate Attorney - Aldridge Pite, LLP Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Associate Attorney Aldridge Pite, LLP - Atlanta, GA October 2016 to Present • Counsel investors, financial institutions, and mortgage banking creditor clients in Ch. 7 and Ch. 13 bankruptcy matters.  • Actively advise clients on recommended bankruptcy strategy, proposing each scope of work and estimated fees.  • Prepare Motions, Objections, Claims and Orders associated with representation of clients in bankruptcy matters.  • Negotiate directly with debtor's attorneys and trustees to resolve contested matters.  • Regularly attend court hearings and docket calls in federal bankruptcy court to argue Motions and Objections, negotiate Consent Orders with opposing counsel. IT Project Manager Aldridge Pite LLP May 2016 to September 2016 • Owned the planning and execution of multiple moderate to highly complex technical projects working cross-functionally with legal lines of business, accounting, and compliance groups.  • Clearly communicated business needs to technical development staff, bridging the gap between the legal process and risks and the software design considerations at hand in the project. Business Analyst Aldridge Pite, LLP - Atlanta, GA March 2014 to April 2016 • Facilitated stakeholder cooperation between business users and technical developers to deliver software integration for an invoicing portal used by 40+ law firm vendors across the US.   • Implemented billing automation rules engine in invoice portal that saved firm $85,000/year in equivalent personnel labor hours of two full time employees.  • Designed and executed the workflow tracking concepts used as the primary management metric for a national bank noticing project. Student Attorney Georgia State University School of Law - Atlanta, GA January 2015 to May 2015 • Interviewed and counseled multiple clients considering Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Reviewed finances, pending legal actions, and goals of the clients in evaluating appropriateness of filing.  • Prepared and filed client petition in Bankruptcy Court under the supervision of mentor attorneys through Georgia's Third Year Practice Act Education Juris Doctor Georgia State University College of Law - Atlanta, GA August 2011 to August 2015 Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy in Philosophy Calvin College - Grand Rapids, MI August 2005 to May 2009 Certifications/Licenses State Bar of Georgia Present Federal District Courts Northern, Middle, and Southern Districts of Georgia Additional Information Equally comfortable in entrepreneurial and corporate settings.     Co-founder and General Counsel of Stark Holdings LLC, a real estate investment company holding small multifamily assets in several Georgia metro areas.