IT Project Coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator IT Project Coordinator - Ally Bank Charlotte, NC • IT Professional with the ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment.  • Confident, hard-working individual with a strong professional demeanor and proven skills to build relationships.  • Experienced in Agile/Waterfall methodologies, design and management. Work Experience IT Project Coordinator Ally Bank - Charlotte, NC July 2017 to Present • Developed, forecasted, and maintained project schedule, project budget and project scope within the Sustain, Contact Center and Architecture groups.  • Responsible for analyzing and documenting business needs and translating them into functional and technical specifications.  • Managed and monitored the budget, forecasting and financial analysis for projects and Sustain team.  • Participated in Portfolio Planning and execution of loading the plan into Cognos and Hyperion.  • Assessed interdepartmental communication and logistics, determined ways to optimize performance and workflow then acted as a liaison to facilitate communication and streamline product development.  • Prepared strategic trend reports to measure KPI's and increased leadership focus on these metrics.  • Drove efficiencies within the current reporting structure, which included automation using SQL and SSIS.  • Continually explored opportunities to improve processes in the ongoing development of analytical tools and models, ad-hoc reports, dashboards and analysis. Talent Acquisition Specialist Ally Bank - Charlotte, NC July 2016 to July 2017 • Delivered recruitment solutions for hundreds of vacancies across all organizational levels and an array of job functions for companies including technology, finance and wealth management.  • Developed a new recruiting framework for our newly acquired wealth management division, Ally Invest.  • Coordinated requirement gathering sessions with hiring managers to clearly define needs.  • Created job descriptions and posted on the applicant tracking system (ATS), Indeed, LinkedIn, and other posting tools.  • Assisted with defining scope and timelines for diverse recruiting events.  • Supported the broader Talent Acquisition team with current requirements, and reduced time to fill on positions.  • Provided weekly reports to executive leadership on current projects, positions and work in progress.  • Ensured positive candidate experience throughout the sourcing and interview stages. Account Manager Diversant, LLC - Charlotte, NC September 2015 to May 2016 • Managed a portfolio of premier accounts in the Financial and Healthcare Industry.  • Analyzed and understood client's business requirements to find the best talent for their team through requirement gathering and intake sessions.  • Led a team of 20+ recruiters responsible for finding niche candidates for elite technical positions.  • Built my technical knowledge of a continuously changing, and fast paced industry through meet-ups and networking events.  • Top producing Account Manager with respect to sales growth, new account development and revenue since being promoted to the position.  • Prepared proposals, negotiated terms, closed deals and headed account implementation.  • Demonstrated a commitment to customer service, adding new customers while maintaining premium service levels with existing accounts. Technical Recruiter Diversant, LLC - Charlotte, NC January 2015 to September 2015 • Technical Recruiter in the top 10% of company.  • Partnered with internal Account Managers to place high end technical professionals.  • Performed full-cycle recruiting: checked references, interviewed, offered, negotiated and closed candidates for positions.  • Executed comprehensive search strategies to recruit niche candidates including Architects/Developers, Network/Security Engineers, Web Developers, Program/Product/ Project Managers, Database Architects/Developers/Administrators and Quality Assurance Testers/Analysts.  • Extended responsibility of mentoring new recruiters by providing daily support and instruction. Education Bachelor of Arts in Communications University of North Carolina Wilmington - Wilmington, NC Skills Ariba (Less than 1 year), Databases (Less than 1 year), Excel (Less than 1 year), Flow Charts (Less than 1 year), SQL (1 year), PM, Scrum Master, SDLC, Waterfall, Project Management, Information Technology, CSM Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/margaretcafasso Certifications/Licenses CSM August 2018 to Present Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Methodologies Agile, Waterfall, SDLC, Scrum  Business Modeling Tools Microsoft Visio: Activity Diagrams and Flow Charts  MS Office Project, Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint  Other Tools Version One, Rally, Jira, Clairty, Ariba  Databases MS SQL