IT Manager / Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Director New Lenox, IL Accomplished, results-oriented, and innovative IT professional, with solid experience in all facets of IT operations, infrastructure engineering and cyber security management; backed with proven success in directing small- to large-scale projects, from inception to completion and delivery.    Recognized for strategic and proactive management skills in implementing creative business solutions and coordinating team efforts to consistently provide key deliverables on time. Equipped with outstanding ability to address and resolve technical issues through methodical and analytical approaches. Effective at collaborating with customers, colleagues, and other stakeholders to ensure timely completion of projects in accordance with client environment. Work Experience IT Manager / Project Manager Hutchinson Shockey Erley & Co. - Chicago, IL April 2019 to Present o Manage all conversion-related matters and with Huntington Bank such as:  -          Project Planning and Implementation  -        Architecture Reviews  -        System Maintenance   -        Procurement Strategy  -        Knowledge Transfer  -        End User Training and Support IT Project Manager Frank Cooney Company - Wood Dale, IL January 2019 to April 2019 2019  ? Manage conversion to Office 365 including Exchange Online, One Drive for Business, Skype of Business and SharePoint Online. IT Manager Hutchinson, Shockey Erley & Co - Chicago, IL 2013 to 2019 Spearhead the development of small- to medium-sized projects, from planning to project scope implementation such as:  - Deployment of project and end-user training programs;  - Conceptualization of project selection methodology; and  - Execution of infrastructure and a variety of development projects,  ? Provide supervision to engineering staff, external managed services, and consultants, as well as facilitate training and mentoring programs  ? Coordinate with business leaders and department heads, along with the chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO) of Executive Team in the creation and maintenance of business systems  ? Act as the primary point of contact to the entire organization, while overseeing all technology operations, handling project-related procurement and budgeting, and monitoring technology expenditures of the firm  ? Deploy the SharePoint 2013 infrastructure and coordinated with departmental team sites for development of data warehouse and BI for sales and trading to increase organizational collaboration and knowledge management  ? Lead and execute disaster recovery programs for email systems, trading applications, shared data, and remote access, along with corporate redundancy checks for both internet and network access  ? Design and employed a complex business continuity program that involve risk and business impact assessment, as well as a complete, corporate-wide disaster recovery plan  ? Assume full accountability in creating annual strategic plan and presenting quarterly scorecards and operational metrics for executive management and board members  ? Oversee selection, evaluation, negotiation, and management of third party services and vendors  ? Developed a portfolio of enterprise Service level agreements (SLA) and departmental Key Performance Indicators (KPI) Education Masters Certificate in Project Management in PMI/CAPM-based Curriculum Villanova University - Villanova, PA Bachelor of Science in Technical Management in Business Information DeVry University - Downers Grove, IL Skills Cisco (Less than 1 year), Cisco ASA (Less than 1 year), Cisco ASA Firewalls (Less than 1 year), Microsoft SharePoint (6 years), SharePoint (6 years), Scrum Master, PM, Waterfall Certifications/Licenses CAPM from PMI November 2018 to November 2023 ITIL v3 Foundations July 2018 to Present Certified Scrum Master April 2019 to April 2021