Senior Project Manager Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER - CRESTRON ELECTRONICS Haledon, NJ Oriented technology professional with 10 years of project management experience in infrastructure, IT, audio visual and commercial lighting. Demonstrated strengths in working on medium to complex projects simultaneously. Proven understanding, learning adopting, and working with new technologies, applying solutions using ITIL, PMP & Agile processes. Ability to effectively lead and direct multiple projects using PMI's high standard of quality. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior Project Manager Cisco - New York, NY October 2018 to Present Senior Project Manager for the largest police department in the world, the New York Police Dept. Responsible for overseeing wireless infrastructure implementation for One Police Plaza and 88 precincts throughout the New York boroughs. TECHNOLOGY PROJECT MANAGER CRESTRON ELECTRONICS - Rockleigh, NJ June 2017 to October 2018 As the Project Manager I am responsible for the overall success for all projects in the New York Tri-State area, Massachusetts and all of Canada. Working with technologies such as Simple Windows programming, Fusion, DMX, and ZUMMESH.    • Program Manager for a $30 Million project with over 200 locations.    • Project Manager for largest revenue generating territory for the company.    • Effectively supervise field technicians, engineers and programmers.    • Liaison between GC's, EC's, and stake holders.    • Conduct kickoff and status meetings to ensure constant communication flow. IT PROJECT MANAGER COMPUTER DESIGN & INTEGRATION - Teterboro, NJ June 2014 to September 2017 Responsible for the planning and execution of multiple strategic IT projects in adherence with PMO standards. This included but not limited to infrastructure, Email migration, VDI, cloud migration, disaster Recovery, wireless and managed Services.    • Managed entire school district IT project. The project consisted of transitioning all IT infrastructure into a managed service environment.    • Successfully Lead numerous VDI PROJECT keeping within budget and time.    • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Created detailed project roadmaps, gnat charts and work breakdown structures. AV PROJECT MANAGER THE WHITLOCK GROUP - New York, NY October 2012 to May 2014 As the Project Manager I was responsible for delivering projects against the agreed upon scope, budget, schedule, and client expectations. My duties included supervising, directing, and motivating teams of multidiscipline contractors and employees. Served as a liaison to gather critical input from key stakeholders to update business requirements.    • Successfully managed multi-million dollar projects simultaneously.    • Rescued a multi-million dollar troubled project. I was asked by the client to be their dedicated PM on all projects.    • Directed several global audio visual projects. Ensured success by diligent planning and over communicating. PROJECT MANAGER CITY INFORMATION SERVICES - Parsippany, NJ March 2011 to November 2012 Accountable for end to end project delivery in a global IT/AV environment. Liaison between customer and internal groups to ensure project are on time and within budget. Conducted status meetings and provided updates to senior management and stakeholders    • Successfully managed multi-million dollar projects simultaneously.    • Rescued a multi-million dollar troubled project. I was asked by the client to be their dedicated PM on all projects.    Directed several global audio visual projects. Ensured success by diligent planning and over communicating IT PROJECT MANAGER PROMEDIA TECHNOLOGY - Little Falls, NJ 2010 to 2011 Served as a Project Manager for the PMO. Heavily involved with the implementation of managed services and infrastructure projects. Projects consisted of but not limited to network infrastructures, physical security, wireless installation, laptop rollouts, and Email migrations    • Managed a laptop rollout for a North Jersey school district. Recourses and site access were extremely limited however the project was completed on time and under budget    • Managed a physical security project with the local police Dept. The project consisted of working with many external contractors and coordination with different stakeholders. Education PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL WILLIAM PATERSON UNIVERSITY Skills Project Management (10+ years), Management (10+ years), ITIL (6 years), Cloud Computing (6 years), Networking (6 years), IT Management (9 years) Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2021 Additional Information Understanding in networking, Cloud migration, Managed Services, Agile methodology, Audio Visual, ITIL.    PM Tools: MS Project, Smart sheets, Connectwise, Clarizen Remedy, Siebel.    Server Tools: SharePoint, SAP, MS Office.