Senior Project Manager, Infrastructure Senior <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Infrastructure Senior Project Manager, Infrastructure - Chicago Transit Authority Chicago, IL Work Experience Senior Project Manager, Infrastructure Chicago Transit Authority - Chicago, IL June 2018 to Present As a Senior Project manager, I lead a project team of ten (including vendor resources), working to expand the CTA work order and asset management program. Collaborating across all departments, the asset  management program addresses safety concerns and increases maintenance efficiencies and accountability for vehicle management and facilities.    Major Accomplishments  • Expanded the asset management program across five internal depts. Developed an agency-wide  asset management roadmap. Expanded the Asset Database by 30 percent  • Managed the INFOR Enterprise Asset Management vendor/software (contract value $1.2 million)  • Developed and Implemented an internal time-off procedure in SharePoint  • Served as subject matter expert for Asset Management and ERP implementations Project Manager, IT Chicago Transit Authority - Chicago, IL May 2015 to June 2018 As an IT Project Manager, I was tasked with project development and implementation for high-visibility and high-impact technology projects across the authority. Also, I managed contracts and audited vendor  performance.    Major Accomplishments  ? Managed the Taleo IT infrastructure Agile implementation (contract value $500k)  ? Managed the Cloud Email Migration of 3,000 CTA accounts (contract value $300k)  ? Implemented mobile-optimized Custom CRM solution for Employee Feedback  ? Managed the AT&T Mobility Upgrade and Distribution of over 2,000 mobile devices  ? Managed and Administered CTA IT and mobility contracts totaling $2 million  ? Managed a Real Time Location Services (RTLS) Bus pilot rollout (contract value 50k)  ? Delivered on-time and on-budget CTA Bus Tracker sign project (contract value $200k) Project Specialist Chicago Transit Authority - Chicago, IL May 2013 to May 2015 As a Project Specialist, I led the analytics reporting initiative for the Warehouse modernization project. I  developed executive presentations, reporting tools, and training materials. The vendor contract was valued at  $2 million. The project saved the Authority over 500k annually through optimized resource planning.    Major Accomplishments  ? Developed and Implemented a SharePoint hosted contract tracking process  ? Purchasing SharePoint Site Development and Maintenance  ? Integrated Project Tracking metrics  ? Performed vendor efficacy audits Education Project Management Certification Northwestern University Chicago - Chicago, IL 2014 Master of Public Administration in Public Administration DePaul University School of Public Service - Chicago, IL 2013 Bachelor of Arts in Political Science Andrews University - Berrien Springs, MI 2011 Skills Erp, Visio, Oracle, Eam, Bi, Process design, Microsoft office Additional Information Skills  • Advanced Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite  • Proficiency in the Oracle Software Suite including BI and ERP  • Advanced Proficiency in Visio Process Design Software  • Agile and Waterfall Project Management  • Transit Agency Policies, Procedures, and Analytics Expertise  • Advanced Proficiency in EAM software and implementation