Project manager/ I.T. Specialist 3 <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span>/ I.T. Specialist 3 Electrical Engineer / IT Specialist - Bonneville Power Administration Vancouver, WA Work Experience Project manager/ I.T. Specialist 3 Bonneville Power Administration - Vancouver, WA 2015 to Present Coordinate teams and collaborate with stakeholders across electric power delivery organization to manage a range of information technology projects requiring advanced technical ability and astute attention to detail. Direct daily department operations and formulate strategies for integrating technical innovations into existing organizational structure supporting 2800 employees. Plan work and direct execution of data analysis, management, and migration objectives. Monitor ongoing projects, supervise automated programming, and schedule software renewals. Oversee network administration and resolve complex issues impacting all facets of IT. Communicate with management and affected users regarding IT functionality disruptions. Ensure data and network security across the organization in execution of all tasks, initiatives, and administration activities.  • Spearheaded mission-critical project converting physical servers to virtual machines impacting 2800 users. Assessed and presented Hyper-V and VMware execution options, planned, and executed migration.  • Led deployment of multi-factor authentication process to meet Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) requirements, collaborating with consultants and stakeholders to facilitate successful implementation.  • Redesigned patching program software and processes to convert patch cycle for 1500 devices from annual to 35 days.  • Reconfigured processes to integrate patching more effectively and collaborated with transmission teams to design patch-scheduling system utilizing LANDesk. Successfully met 35-day deadline for all cycles in first year of deployment. IT Director Gannett - Salem, OR 2013 to 2014 Maintained networks, hardware, and software for systems and applications. Administered operating system configurations in Windows, Linux, and Mac environments. Spearheaded trouble shooting and managed a range of projects including large-scale and complex data migrations. Recommended systems and network configuration enhancements, coordinated with vendors and colleagues to facilitate technology and systems purchases, and managed vendor relationships. Concurrent with IT management role, accepted management request to take on responsibility for restructuring pre-press and facilities departments. Defined objectives and implemented budgets, contracts, policies, and procedures for both teams and collaborated with board members and management to develop downsizing strategy. Supervised teams across three departments, determining staffing requirements, preparing work schedules, assigning work, and training new employees.  • Evaluated, designed, implemented, and maintained cost-saving solutions including Newsgate, Salesforce, Mactive, and Ad tracker.  • Successfully managed employee distress during downsizing initiative and rebuilt team morale following restructure. IT Director Ocean Beach Hospital - Ilwaco, WA 2008 to 2013 Led six-person team and directed contractors in the design and implementation of infrastructure upgrade initiative. Implemented department objectives, budget, policies, and procedures. Planned for and administered contracts including staff, equipment, and supply procurement. Recommended and implemented systems and network configuration improvements and determined related hardware, software requirements. Directed troubleshooting efforts, diagnosing and resolving hardware, software, network, communication, and systems issues. Maintained network firewalls and virtual private network (VPN) tunnels. Supervised user access, account management, and password administration to monitor and control system and equipment usage.  • Spearheaded server system conversion to virtual machines and comprehensive redesign of IT department including infrastructure and administrative requirements.  • Oversaw multi-million-dollar project to migrate medical records system from Meditech to Healthland assessing needs, selecting vendors, and implementing new system.  • Supported Washington Critical Access Hospital collaborative, meeting regularly with other IT managers serving the hospital community to share operational development and cost reduction strategies.    Additional experience as Network Administrator with Ocean Beach Hospital and PC/LAN Technician with Cowlitz County Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Lower Columbia College - Longview, WA Skills LANDESK, VMWARE, EXCHANGE, HYPER-V, Active Directory (10+ years), Project Control Links http://linkedin.com/in/reed-barker-75406653