IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Enthusiastic Project and IT Management Professional Barre, VT Extensive experience in the following areas:  Communication ? Project Management ? Change Management ? IT Management ? Leadership ? Coaching ? Business Analysis ? Presentation and Speaking Skills ? Contract Management ? Strategic Planning and Execution ? Leading Teams through Collaboration ? Vendor Management ? Continuous Process Improvement ? Governance, Risk and Compliance Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Manager State of Vermont - Agency of Digital Services for the Agency of Education (ADS – AOE) - Barre, VT Present · Provide managerial guidance to a team of IT professional’s that range from database support (Oracle, SQL Server, and Access), Help Desk, and System Development (Access, Java, GlobalScape sFTP, SharePoint, ASP.NET MVC, HTML/CSS, C#/VB.NET, Visual Studio, and Bootstrap).  · Develop plans for ongoing maintenance of major AOE systems.  · Develop qualitative and quantitative outcomes of assigned projects as well as develop measures for determining compliance, to align with the State’s Strategic Plan.   · Responsible for designing and creating IT solutions for AOE ganizational problems. This includes developing and maintaining infrastructures supporting AOE’s hardware and software planning.   · Co-manage the planning and oversight of IT/AOE-related projects.  · Help with the creation and finalization of Request for Proposals (RFP’s) and contracts with vendors, to include monitoring vendor performance once contract is executed.  · Collaborate with senior management in the State to develop system strategies and standards. Director of Change Management State of Vermont - Agency of Administration – Department of Finance & Management (AOA – F&M) - Montpelier, VT February 2016 to August 2017 · Director of the State of Vermont’s Accounting System Support Desk (known as “VISION”) that provides end user support to roughly 7,500 State employees.   · Provided significant stakeholder and business operations analysis to assess what was needed for a large system upgrade.  · Worked with multiple stakeholders in planning, documenting and finally issuing a multi-million-dollar ‘Request for Proposal’ (RFP) for the VISION system upgrade project.  · Leadership team member and subject-matter expert on the State contracting process to move forward with contracting with selected vendor, based on the issued RFP.  · Directed a large and successful project team to update our department’s external-facing website, in an aggressive timeline.  · Responsible for revamping and streamlining our departments VISION project request process to ensure the VISION Support Desk is adequately prioritizing and staffing all initiatives.  · Manage all change and communication for planned and systematic projects that directly impacts the department. IT Project Manager IV State of Vermont - Agency of Human Services – Department for Children and Families (AHS – DCF) - Montpelier, VT June 2012 to February 2016 ·  IT Project Manager on a multitude of agency, department and division projects, with proven success.  · Successfully managed fifteen projects during my 3.5 years as an IT Project Manager for DCF; including (but not limited to) creating the project charter’s, project schedule’s in MS Project and various project management deliverables, all while reporting to an Oversight Project Manager from the Enterprise Project Management Office (EPMO).  · Responsible for writing and/or updating IT contracts, amendments, and to oversee the contracting process from initiation through full contract execution.  · Worked closely with DCF’s IT Managers to help ensure Requests for Proposal’s (RFP’s) were written and successfully submitted to the State for posting.  · Coordinator between various departments and vendors on multiple projects.  · Managed vendor relationships, including deliverables and invoices on projects.  · Managed project staff to ensure that all milestones are achieved within agreed time frames.  · Identified, analyzed, measured and managed project risks.  · Identified, suggested, and implemented corrective actions (change orders with stakeholder approval) to improve the project quality or scope, schedule, and budget.  · Assisted technical team in designing and development of their tasks.  · Single point of contact for all communications between project team ( IT and business), programs and/or vendor(s).  · Voluntarily conducted trainings to our IT staff (DiSC, Time Management, and Project Management Life Cycle).  · Continually communicated with all members of my project teams to ensure that the scope, schedule, risks/issues and budget were being thoroughly reported on a weekly basis.  · Led weekly AHS - DCF Portfolio meetings, which has an integral function of assigning project work to our project managers, business analysts and IT staff.  · Acted as a project management subject matter expert to our business analysts and IT staff.  · Worked in coordination with multiple divisions with the Department for Children and Families.  · Successfully completed Supervisory Development Training (SDP).  · Head of the SharePoint User Group for the State of Vermont. Education Master's in Leadership with a Project Management Concentration Granite State College - Concord, NH September 2011 to December 2015 Bachelor's in Business Management, Accounting and MS in Leadership with a Project Management concentration Norwich University - Northfield, VT August 2004 to May 2007 Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), Sharepoint (8 years), Strategic Planning, Customer Service, Network Administration, Project Management (8 years), Auditing (10+ years), Risk Management (10+ years), Contract Management (7 years), OnBase (10+ years), Oracle PeopleSoft Financials (3 years), IT Management (3 years), Business Analysis (10+ years), Public Speaking (10+ years), Communications (10+ years), Website Development (6 years), Outlook, Estimating, budget, Scheduling, Maintenance, Estimating, Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling, budget, Word, Maintenance Certifications/Licenses Master Insurance Business Analyst Present Assessments Accounting Skills: Bookkeeping — Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to calculate and determine the accuracy of financial data. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/jhxlaxfkazfyw9ks Organizational Skills — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to arrange and manage files or records using a set of rules. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qvmjd7v3bia-fay Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/y9qg8nuvplxymem0 Project Management Skills: Time Management — Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to prioritize and allocate time to effectively achieve project deliverables. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qtk2hl3n2xdpyqnr Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.