Senior IT Consultant Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Consultant Senior IT Project Manager, Program Manager, and Product Manager Tampa, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Consultant Client NC3 Planners - Tampa, FL July 2018 to August 2019 Develop multi-year proposal to support IT Project Management Operations for the Florida Deportment of Technology Management. Emanated budget  $20,000,000    ? Serve as Technical Led during a Business Development Trip to West Africa  sponsored by US Commerce Department Senior IT Project Manager Client IT Authorities Tampa FL 2017 to 2018 Project: Coco-Cola Beverage Bottling Company Acquisition Projects.    Results: Successfully led the full replacement of the IT infrastructure at eighteen (18)  facilities, led a project team consisting of 120 personnel, conducted weekly project status  meetings with clients and other project stakeholders, and oversaw a project budget of  $940,000. Scope of Work: Development of Statement of Work, and Vendors Support  Contracts, conduct weekly Project Status Briefing with C-Level Manages and Clients, manage the procurement and delivery of new IT equipment and devices, manage the  inventory and decommission of legacy IT Equipment and Devices, manage the installation of Security Cameras and Badging Devices, manage Low Voltage Cable, and  Hardware Vendors and Suppliers.    Deployment Wireless Infrastructure at eighteen (18) facilities, identify, Report, and manage project risks, manage the Design and Deployment of Network and Storage  Infrastructure, manage the Design and Installation of Network Equipment, and Cisco  ASA 5000 and Nexus 9000 Cyber Security Devices at facilities and one Data Center.    Configuration of storage and backup systems, active directory, users' profiles and deployment of 1000 PCs and End User Devices, Identify, classify and integration over  100 supply chain, accounting, HR, and CRM applications for various provider to include  Apple, SAP, and Windows.    Manage Procurement, tracking, and delivery of over 36 VPN, and 200 Telcom Voice  Circuits, manage the Design and Implementation of VoIP, and Badging platforms.    Deploy SaaS products, develop Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), ensure project  compliance with all established policies and regulations, establish a post- project  Managed Services framework, and led post- project Lesson Learned Review with all  stakeholders. Manage project budget, customer invoices, and vendors and supplier  payments. Senior IT Project Manager Client TATA Consulting and Price Waterhouse 2014 to 2016 Coopers (PwC) Tampa, IT Infrastructure Project:    Results: Led over fifty IT infrastructure projects in support of Price Waterhouse Coopers'  Real Estate Construction and Improvement Team. Led the planning and installation of WAN and LAN network components, VoIP, Video, Platform Servers, Cyber and  Physical Security platforms; coordinating with construction managers, and power and cabling contractors; Managing Users Acceptance Testing (UAT), and implemented  processes that improved s quality of services (QOS). Streamline Service Level  Agreement approval processes resulting three-day quicker approval time, Manage key  performance indicators (KPIs), and service level agreements (SLAs). Managed all Go- Live activities, and budgets ranging from $ 50,000 - $500,000; mentored Junior Project  Managers, and led teams ranging from 6 to 25 personnel.  d. Senior IT Project Manager 2013, Client Jacobs International Tampa FL, Senior Project  Manager: Cyber Security Network Monitoring Project:    Results: Led the integration of a Network Management Cyber Security Suite into the client's existing operational environment Responsible for ensuring all activities were  performed in accordance with PMI, ITIL, quality assurance (QA), and cyber security  standards; provided weekly project status briefing to senior management, and mange a project budget of $250,000. Senior IT Project Manager 2011 to 2013 Client NIC4 Tampa, FL, Multiple Projects with a combined budget of $3,500,000. Scope of Work and Results:    1. Enterprise VoIP Implementation led a project that established an enterprise web-based  VoIP system for the client, which improved the client's telephone services, increased  functionality, and reduced operational by 25% annually.    2. Wireless Infrastructure Project, led project teams consisting of ten personnel in the installation of nineteen wireless Motorola radio towers; managed vendor contracts,  invoicing, and customer relationships; completed the project within the planned budget  resulted in $175,000 saving for the customer.    3. Mobile Broadband Extension, led a project that established an intercontinental mobile  broadband network between Europe and the Middle East which improved services, network quality, and reliability, and reduce operational cost by $50,000 per year for the  client.    4. IT Business Process Improvement, collaborated with the client's management team to incorporate business case analysis, project risk analysis, project budget planning, vendors  and procurement management, and other IT project management best practices into their  IT management environment which improved project value and business operations. IT Program and Product Manager SAIC Tampa FL 2008 to 2009 Managed an IT portfolio consisting of three programs and two products. Oversaw and operating  budget of $ 2.5 Million; implemented program and project planning procedures that  resulted in a 20% higher project completion rate for the organization. g. ePMO IT Project Manager Lockheed Martin - Tampa, FL 2006 to 2007 Developed and implemented best practices that improved change management processes.  Directly oversaw the completion of six (6) Microsoft SharePoint Portal projects, and the installation of two (2) Accenture Web Content Acceleration Nodes in North Africa and the Middle East with a combined valued more than $10 Million. Education BS in Project Management for Businesses Capella University 2012