Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager- Asbury Group Atlanta, GA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager Asbury Group - Atlanta, GA April 2019 to Present Data Migration and Re-imaging of 2400 PCS and laptops. Oversaw the day to day operations to ensure project was completed by deadline.  ? Supports, manages and implements backup process, conduct and ensures backup maintenance and troubleshooting as needed  implements the organization and the department standardized architecture in the setup of domain structures under the department responsibility.  ? Develop curricula and facilitate awareness training.  ? Supervised daily activities. Project Manager Nokia April 2018 to Present ? Organized and oversaw the removal and movement of servers, racks, and blades from one facility to the next.  = IT Consultant Dell March 2018 to Present 84 Hours  ? Provides support and management of information security policies, vulnerabilities for computer and data communications  ? Oversee the installation and removal of servers, switches and all back end office computing needs. Project Manager Campain Sound - Atlanta, GA 2010 to Present ? Responsibility includes outlining, masterminding, and developing over 100 projects.  ? Design and implement security processes and procedures and perform cost benefit analysis on all recommended strategies; manage budgets of $125, too and up.  ? Instrumental in developing and implementing Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plans.  ? Created new departments including Facilities Management, Financial Analysis, Risk Assessment, and Security Engineering Services  ? Hand selected employees to build Risk Assessment and Financial Analysis teams.  ? Created company policy and procedures governing corporate security, email and internet usage, access control, and incident response. IT Contractor Smartsoure Inc - Atlanta, GA 2010 to Present Duties included but are not limited to multi-site standard TOPOLOGY deployments, high complexity, accomplished with repeatable process and procedures.  ? My job is to provide affordable and efficient Program/ Project solutions to customers with multi-site environments while preserving high quality standards. IT Consultant Benchmark Technology Group February 2017 to May 2019 ? Programmed Cash Ware and RDC systems for 2700 clients. Developed software implementation procedures along with safeguards and security training.  ? Accomplished long and short-range projects in the modification of systems, software, hardware, and networks. Customer Care Supervisor Home Depot - Smyrna, GA 2011 to 2013 Responsibilities included direct supervision of others; planning, monitoring, and reviewing work of others.  ? Directed multiple work groups while making recommendations concerning selection, termination, performance appraisal and professional development.  ? Coordinated process for the implementation of financial transactions and benefit enrollments.  ? Developed Customer 1st contact strategy for Home Depot  ? Developed Standard Operating Policy  ? Developed SOP for all levels of employees and management Education BS in Management of Information Systems Kaplan University 2011 Skills Outlook, budget, Scheduling, Microsoft Project, Outlook, Scheduling, budget, maintenance Assessments Problem Solving — Proficient January 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to analyze relevant information when solving problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ukshpqszr05lm7d5 Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.