IT Project & Account Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> &amp; Account <span class="hl">Manager</span> Virtual CIO - Documation San Antonio, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project & Account Manager Documation March 2014 to Present Act as the CIO for clients in the SMB space that do not have the budget or need for a full time CIO. Responsible for all aspects of IT, including but not limited to: vendor management (i.e. software, phone, internet service provider), hardware inventory control, employee hire/fire, and first line of escalation for IT issues. Responsible for assisting with IT expense control.  Also assist in managing (14) tech phone help desk and (7) tech on-site team. Responsible for IT project management, including but not limited to: office moves, server and workstation setup/migration, and line of business application migration (i.e. Sage to QuickBooks).   Responsible for meeting with clients quarterly to review environment health. Generate reports on internet usage including content, system usage (processor, hard drive and RAM), server and workstation capacity utilization. Help audit all active users and emails. Provide full reports on data backup and disaster recovery (on-site and cloud). Online Project Manager Dell Inc July 2011 to February 2014 Key Duties: Monitor and maintain Premier pages in the Healthcare segment. Premier pages are custom online catalogs; loaded with specific items requested by customers. Each page is given a custom web address, and each end user is given a login, with specific rights (i.e. quoting, purchasing or both).    Primary role is to maintain the online catalogs. Meeting with customers to create list of standard configurations (client, servers, software and peripherals). Loading standard configurations to the page, and open any requested non-default options. Updating catalog with new items submitted by the customer. Work proactive SKU end of life reports to ensure uninterrupted purchasing. Replacing end of life items with direct or comparable items. Meeting with customers for page demos. Maintain page pricing in regards to customer contracts. Logistics Project Manager Dell Inc October 2009 to July 2011 Key Duties: Monitor and maintain Ready Ship program with set accounts. Ready Ship program consists of creating standard configurations for client and servers, then building and warehousing systems. Once stock is built and available, all purchase orders submitted before noon are guaranteed same day shipping.    Primary role was to meet with customers, quarterly, to forecast customer requirements (system configurations and system quantities). Manage order processors to ensure accuracy with system requirements and quantities. Coordinate with warehouse to verify system quantities. Working with warehouse/logistics team regarding orders that did not ship frictionless. Keeping customer aware of available stock.    Technical Experience  • Over (5) years SharePoint experience - Creation and Maintaining  • Over (6) years Salesforce experience  • Proficient in all Microsoft Office Programs up to 2019  • (5) years experience with financial software  ? Quickbooks and Sage    Strategic Experience  • (8) years management experience - direct reports & third-party vendors  • (8) years project management experience  • (10) years experience interacting with C-Level  ? Strong communication skills of IT roadmap/strategy to non-technical leadership  • (10) years creation and implementation of complex IT solutions  ? Focus on backup and disaster recovery - Local and Cloud  ? Network security - hardware and content filtering  ? Long-term/strategic mindset  • (5) years experience with strategic business tools  ? Collaboration and Business Intelligence programs  ? Meeting deadlines on or before date and under or on budget  • (5) years experience with budget control (up to $2 million annual IT budget)  ? Salary, vendor management, inventory, and assets Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration University of Texas San Antonio - San Antonio, TX Skills Scrum Master, Waterfall, Information Technology Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM)