IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Jamaica, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager JetBlue Airways Corporation - New York, NY April 2018 to Present IT Project Manager HTx Services LLC-Citibank - Hauppauge, NY March 2015 to Present • Oversee multiple projects across all phases of development.  • Gather requirements to define the project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility  • Host daily and weekly planning sessions for new projects with SMEs.  • Develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress against statement of work commitments.  • Analyze price points, delivery time lines and constraints to negotiate, and prepare project budget and cost controls.  • Manage multiple project budgets from $100k to 2+ million and ensure that the projects stay within cost controls.  • Gather data and present deviation reports and gap analysis to evaluate project performance.  • Change control management to ensure any deviation from forecasted project scope, schedule, and costs is communicated to stakeholders and approved by appropriate parties.  • Manage internal and external/vendor human and material resources on multiple IT projects.  • Collaborate with appropriate stakeholders to plan and manage project sprints.  • Create and maintain risk management plan to minimize and avoid project risks.  • Implement and maintain development best practices. IT Project Manager CITIGROUP - Hauppauge, NY September 2013 to March 2015 • Worked as part of an interdisciplinary team on an Agile project.  • Managed the project plan for sprint migrations to move all North American users to Cloud base computing and Windows 7  • Developed and maintained the project Run Book.  • Coordinated with customer and vendors for data cleaning and variable selection to ensure meaningful data.  • Managed project schedule and worked with development team to identify any potential roadblocks or showstoppers.  • Maintained and communicated weekly summary dashboard and RAG (red, amber, green) status reports.  • Managed project change requests and functioned as an escalation point.  • Collaborated with vendors to ensure that technical tasks were tracking to completion.  • Collaborate with appropriate stakeholders to plan and manage project sprints.  • Created presentations, chaired meetings and delivered on agreed solutions as required. Business Systems Analyst PROUNLIMITED GLOBAL SOLUTIONS - Bethpage, NY April 2012 to March 2013 • Developed requirements for enhancements to PeopleSoft HR, Payroll/Billing, General Ledger and Global Payroll modules and other proprietary systems.  • Liaison between business users, PMO and programming manager to develop and complete functional specifications for small, medium and large projects  • Project planning, developing work flows, system analysis, maintenance, developing requirements, testing and implementation for an international recruiting and managed solutions corporation.  • Recommended system enhancements to debug and streamline existing PeopleSoft issues with functional and technical teams.  • Drove metric tracking and management; demonstrated notable increase in department productivity.  • Financial analysis and reporting utilizing Excel formulas, lookups, macros and pivot tables.  • Created new reports and utilized canned reports in Crystal Reports 9.0 for management status reporting and project tracking.  • Resolved system interface and processing errors; including the following: tax system updates, all sub-system data transfers in ERP environment and client facing proprietary system.  • Responsible for on-going PeopleSoft system maintenance and interface reconciliation, including quick-turn around diagnosis.  • Ability to identify root causes of operational issues and able to review current processes and propose recommendations for improvement.  • Documented and conducted unit testing of large projects to assure a high-quality deliverable.  • Generated already created PeopleSoft reports and upload to Vista+ for branch use.  • Created PeopleSoft queries utilizing nVision, SQL, and web-portal.  • Managed or supervised additional resources who were assigned as needed. Tester/Trainer DB SCHENKER - Freeport, NY December 2009 to April 2012 • Developed financial of test cases scenarios for new proprietary system implementation project under deadline.  • Reported system problems and assisted in change proposal recommendations, sequencing, and prioritization for new proprietary system rollout.  • Documented all user acceptances testing on established test plans and qualified results.  • Interpreted and understood manuals.  • Designed, developed, and delivered computer/class-based training using instructional development, authoring, and deployment software  • Implemented and monitored training department objectives, standards, policies, and procedures for the impending rollout of a new proprietary system.  • Served as an internal consultant to staff and operations departments to perform needs/task assessments for job related training.  • Advised staff and line management regarding the accomplishment of their required training missions  • Designed and developed training to achieve identified development needs and performance objectives.  • Coordinated and facilitated internal and external resources as part of training project management.  • Developed and implemented evaluation tools for measuring employee knowledge and performance, and training effectiveness.  • Generated and maintained training records and reports to monitor completion of training requirements.  • Revised and updated training programs and corresponding course materials.    Financial Analyst  • Wrote, tested and implemented specifications of customized functionality and reports on SAP or legacy systems with financial impact.  • Provided technical assistance in identifying, evaluating, and developing automated systems and business procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements.  • Participated in development (functional), testing and implementation of interfaces and transmissions to/from SAP system.  • Liaised with corporate, regional and branch users for financial and operational functionality and reporting requirements.  • Conducted client interviews to capture and document business requirements including rules and practices.  • Coordinated and documented business process SOP's for internal audit purposes.  • Recommended enhancements to business practices to improve efficiencies.  • Compiled and analyzed monthly, quarterly and annual reports using proprietary systems, Vista+ and MS Access, to ensure financial information was recorded accurately in SAP.  • Assisted with month-end and year-end closing as well as internal and external audits as regards to any reporting or maintenance on financial systems.  • System transaction reconciliations, variance reporting and resolutions.  • Lead and participated in cross-functional teams to solve business problems.  • Performed customer and application support activities including working issues to closure and problem resolution.  • Monitored and processed interface, job and transaction batch processing. Education BA in CyberSecurity and Information Assurance Utica College 2018 MBA in Project Management NorthCentral University 2016 BS in Business, Management and Economics - Information Systems SUNY Empire College 2012 AA in Business Administration Borough of Manhattan Community College 2009 Skills SDLC, PM, PMP, Waterfall, Scrum Master Certifications/Licenses PMP November 2020 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  FieldPoint, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint, JIRA, SQL, Qualtrics, MS Publisher, Vista+, Microsoft Office Professional, Lotus Notes, Concur, eMPIR, Accelerate, PeopleSoft FS/HRMS, SAP FICO, Oracle 11g, Oracle Financial, Crystal Reports, IBM SPSS, Service Center, Falcon, Remedy, HP Overview.