Product + Business Analyst / Project Manager Product + Business Analyst / <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Product + Business Analyst / Project Manager - FANNIE MAE Fairfax, VA Work Experience Product + Business Analyst / Project Manager FANNIE MAE - Reston, VA November 2017 to Present • Delivered and maintained key customer usage metrics reports on a weekly and ad hoc basis  ? Created standard reporting template so any team member can easily pull data and turn it into a report  ? Compiled data into easily digestible insights for steering committee to review  ? Proposed and assisted in the design and development stages of new features to track and report user data  • Responsible for Customer Feedback Management - Gathered, synthesized, closed feedback loops  ? Tracked and synthesized incoming customer feedback through in person, email, and website channels  ? Engaged with our customer relations team to communicate and close feedback loop with customers  ? Presented reports which resulted in new features, more users, and higher customer satisfaction  • Involved in Business Shakeout and User Acceptance Testing throughout the Development Lifecycle  ? Created test cases for user stories in Jira per sprint  ? Executed UAT and Business Shakeout test cases for bi-weekly releases  ? Managed Defect Management Log and communicated defects via Jira to Development team  • Communicated product's pulse to T2 Leadership during pilot phase  ? Updated bi-weekly and quarterly Powerpoint deck which included usage metrics and development progress  ? Composed Product Increment slide deck of 7 teams used for PI Planning every quarter  • Created demo video (walkthrough + voiceover) of our DCS product for internal stakeholders across all divisions Project Manager FANNIE MAE November 2016 to Present IT Project Manager Consultant FDM GROUP INC - New York, NY August 2016 to Present Acquired skills in SQL/PLSQL, UNIX, Microsoft Excel, and OS Admin through FDM's training program IT Project Manager FANNIE MAE - Mae, WA November 2016 to November 2017 • Managed 3+ projects simultaneously from initiation to successful implementation:  ? Initiated project tickets according to the Fannie Mae SDLC standards  ? Created and managed project plans in Microsoft Project from a high level perspective  ? Updated Rally and Jira project boards to reflect progress via Kanban and Scrum  ? Communicated notifications and provided answers to external teams and stakeholders  • Organized and facilitated meetings with different stakeholders and resources:  ? Daily morning stand-up with internal developers  ? Weekly cross-team meetings in an effort to achieve project completion  ? Weekly problem and incident ticket reviews as part of problem management responsibilities  ? Presented Production Readiness Reviews for monthly software releases with key stakeholders  • Coordinated between leadership development, and support teams for 7 different FM software applications  • Analyzed and reported Agile Metrics using Rally and presented findings to senior management  • Performed Governance tasks to insure Project Quality Office standards were met Education Bachelor of Science in Technical Systems Management in Technical Systems Management UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS URBANA - Urbana, IL September 2009 to December 2014