LEAD IT PROJECT SUPPORT ENGINEER LEAD <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">PROJECT</span> SUPPORT ENGINEER LEAD IT PROJECT SUPPORT ENGINEER - HEMMERSBACH US LLC Hoffman Estates, IL Work Experience LEAD IT PROJECT SUPPORT ENGINEER HEMMERSBACH US LLC - Chicago, IL December 2018 to Present • Create, update and close tickets on Service Café ticketing System for PC provision at headquarters and all regional offices.  • Daily schedule, coordination and replacement of over 20 laptops using USMT Tool for data migration to onsite, regional and remote McD users.  • Update users' application software using software center.  • Provide day-to day technical support to employees for network infrastructure and internal desktop systems software and hardware.  • Simulates user problems to resolve operating difficulties.  • Install, configure, and troubleshoot Windows and Mac Systems, workstations, servers and network issues in a heterogeneous environment.  • Provide advanced support for multiple enterprise applications including: e-mail, calendar scheduling, word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, Internet browsers, as well as department-specific applications. Assists Infrastructure team as needed.  • Perform systems integration analysis to ensure projects or computer operating systems and applications are compatible with established technical standards and policies.  • Recommend hardware and software solutions including new acquisitions and upgrades.  • Interact with network systems administration and applications development to restore service and/ or identify and correct core problems.  • Schedule and deploy personal computer systems and software using documented work procedures.  • Fully involved in infrastructure projects. IT PROJECT SUPPORT ANALYST CANADIAN IMPERIAL BANK OF COMMERCE - Chicago, IL August 2018 to December 2018 Install / upgrade all PC's and peripherals, ensuring proper configuration and network connection.  Advanced use of imaging solutions for PC image creation and OS installation.  • Respond to customer requests/incidents received and provide first level support for both offsite and local customers.  • Remotely access, diagnose, and resolve requests utilizing computer remote control tools such as Skype, WebEx, etc.  • Provide advanced support for multiple enterprise applications including: e-mail, calendar scheduling, word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, Internet browsers, as well as department-specific applications. Assists Infrastructure team as needed.  • Oversee configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripheral devices.  • Relocate or change new user equipment, conduct IT equipment inventories and reconciliations, manage and update associated inventory databases.  Maintain continual communication with end users at different phases.  Identify gaps, develop ideas, create and implement software solutions. Track/report results.  Install and configure and support VOIP (IP based) telephone. IT PROJECT ANALYST (DATA INTEGRATION) SCHAUMBURG COMMUNITY CHURCH - Schaumburg, IL March 2017 to August 2018 Co-ordinated and supported a team of data entry personnel, and data analysts during data integration within Citrix receiver platform, Power church database.  Identified metrics, tracking actionable items, updating project pages and attending project meetings.  Experience with Outlook, Slack, Team viewer, Citrix receiver, Cisco WebEx, Microsoft Visio, and Jira. ASST. MANAGER, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY &HSSE DEPT October 2013 to December 2016 SAMSUNG HEAVY INDUSTRIES NIGERIA FZE    • Install and upgrade hardware and software components  • Develop and document technical processes  • Provide technical solutions and troubleshooting services on a need basis  • Ensure proper working order of all terminals and servers at all times  • Provide advanced support for multiple enterprise applications including: e-mail, calendar  • Scheduling, word processing, spreadsheets, presentations, Internet browsers, as well as department-specific applications. Assists Infrastructure team as needed.  • Oversee configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of end user workstation hardware, software, and peripheral devices.  • Relocate or change new user equipment, conduct IT equipment inventories and reconciliations, manage and update associated inventory databases.  • Maintain continual communication with end users at different phases.  • Identify gaps, develop ideas, create and implement software solutions. Track/report results.  Ability to configure and support VOIP (IP based) telephone. IT BUSINESS ANALYST PROJECT ANALYST DIGITAL BANANAS TECHNOLOGYLONDON, UK March 2011 to October 2013 Researched and analyzed business processes and procedures and designed and implemented automated business solutions for clients in the insurance industry. Mastered and trained proprietary technology for multiple projects simultaneously.    • First project completed in 90 days in an industry that averages 10 months to completion; Client reported 40% reduction in processing time.    • Interviewed business clients to analyze their business requirements and recommend and design technological improvements to their business processes and operational procedures.    • Developed process mapping of current and future business processes.  Prototyped new procedures and trained new users on software enhancements. Education POST GRADUATE DIPLOMA in BUSINESS SYSTEMS ANALYSIS AND DESIGN CITY UNIVERSITY LONDON 2013 GRADUATE CERTIFICATE in BUSINESS & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LONDON METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY 2012 COVENANT UNIVERSITY OTA 2009 Skills Time Management, Quality Assurance, Excel, Project Coordination, Project Management