Project Manager/Scrum Master <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Scrum Master Project Manager/Scrum Master - First Citizens Bank Pineville, NC • Over 10 years of varied experience in the financial industry mostly IT Project Management.  • Results-driven PMI - Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) and Project Management Professional (PMP)  • Proven ability to work as both, an Individual Contributor and a team player/leader  • Experience in managing multi-million-dollar initiatives, including Greenfield Transformational Program  • Building trust and productive relationships with Management and Peers  • Excellent communicator, written and verbal, capable of communicating with peers and all levels of management  • Creative thinker and analytical problem solver with proven ability to delivery projects of varied sizes and budget, under extremely challenging and fast paced environments  • Energetic leadership and team player skills that leverage the organization's off-shore/on-shore model  • Vast experience in managing projects in a matrix environment  • Collaboration with business and technology partners to deliver solutions that align with organizational goals and growth  • Extensive track record of delivering projects that meet and even exceed Client expectations Work Experience Project Manager/Scrum Master First Citizens Bank - Raleigh, NC March 2019 to Present • Managing Fraud, Risk Management & Reporting and Environments workstreams as part of a broader effort to replace the Bank's Legacy Commercial Online system with a new Digital Commercial Platform using the Agile Frameworks.  • Mentoring the Scrum team while guiding them through Scrum ceremonies including Sprint Planning, Daily Standups, Product Backlog grooming/prioritization, Sprint Review/Demo, Sprint Retrospectives, and Release Planning.  • Providing Projects status reports, burndown charts (Sprint & Product Backlog), velocity and Product Backlog  • Instructing and modeling core Agile principles of collaboration, prioritization, team accountability and visibility; ensuring consistent application of scrum methodologies across the department.  • Working with downstream teams to identify cross-team dependencies and manage the effective completion and delivery of inter-team tasks.  • Assisting team with making appropriate commitments through user story selection, sizing and task definition and participating proactively in developing standards/tools i.e. definition of "Done" and team "Working Agreement". Sr. IT Project Manager, Remote PNC Bank USA, Pittsburg, PA September 2018 to March 2019 • Managed all aspects of Deposits Multiplex initiatives to improve and stabilize the Digital & Online Banking (i.e. Mobile, Online Banking) transaction activities from Deposits Systems.  • Led the implementation of a software upgrade that allowed PNC to utilize multiple partitions (LPARs) to eliminate single point of failure and improve performance and 24/7 availability for Online Banking and Channels.  • Supervised the creation of all required artifacts and presented to the Project Stakeholders to obtain approval to exit Project Phases (Requirements, Design, Build, Testing, Deployment Phases).  • Responsible for the monthly, quarterly and annual financial certification of the project budget.  • Vendor management responsibilities making sure timelines of key deliverables are properly aligned.  • Reviewed and approved vendor invoices in coordination of the Vendor Management team (VMT). Sr. IT Project Manager / Scrum Master HSBC Bank USA - Buffalo, NY July 2014 to July 2018 • Managed several Backend Projects (Digital Channels Backend - Internet Banking, Channels SFE Servicing Backend, Channels IVR Backend, Channels Product Onboarding Backend, Bill Payment Warehouse & Payment Transfer Warehouse) as part of the Greenfield Core Banking Transformation Program to redesign HSBC U.S by simplifying and automate business processes to reduce cost and replace old and expensive legacy systems with IBM i-Series (AS-400) which is easy to maintain, cheaper, faster & scalable.  • Created and managed project plans, action items, issues log and other project artifacts helpful in moving the project forward.  • Adapted a Hybrid-Agile approach to align Digital Channels Backend deliverables with the Frontend timelines.  • Enforced group and project standards, procedures, and best practices.  • Oversaw the day-to-day team operation management, including meetings, solution design & Message Mapping sessions while collaborating with the PMO and other Project Managers to resolve dependencies.  • Responsible for project budget control, including Clarity allocations, actuals control, variance management, SharePoint management and access control.  • Managed the End-To-End solution design for every business process including the Mortgage Banking Services.  • Tracked and managed all defects assigned to my project teams using HP Quality Center making sure all defects are resolve within an appropriate timeframe with little or no impact to project delivery timeline.  • Managed the End-To-End solution design for every Internal and External Vendor Systems. Scrum Master/ Project Manager Verizon Telematics - San Diego, CA December 2013 to May 2014 • Led the hardware projects by directing all aspects of project including requirements gathering, creation of project plans (risks identification and mitigation plan, communication management plan, schedule management plan, cost management plan, and scope management plan).  • Migrated the firmware project from Waterfall to Scrum through training and mentoring project team and product owner.  • Organized and facilitated sprint planning, daily standup meetings, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives, sprint release planning and other Scrum-related meetings.  • Created and managed hardware/firmware Jira and Confluence project management systems for issue, bug tracking, and to create project visibility and transparency.  • Worked with the engineering managers to identify cross-team dependencies and manage inter-team tasks.  • Facilitated Scrum of Scrum with offshore team in Mexico. Project Manager HSBC Bank USA - Depew, NY November 2012 to September 2013 • Provided project management expertise for HSBC Mortgage divestiture program by managing several mid to large-scale projects including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) & Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) Consent Order.  • Led a team of business managers, business analysts, consultants, third party vendor team members, and IT teams to transition mortgage servicing operational functions.  • Instrumental in defining project scope with clear ownership within the bank and the business partners.  • Managed business partner and their delivery of OCC & FRB Consent Order Instructions' artifacts, business & IT processes, policies & procedures, implementation & remediation plans, and overall Day 1 readiness.  • Organized business strategy sessions to define requirements and execution plans.  • Recommended software and manual process improvements for each function migrating to the business partner.  • Utilized Clarity to maintain project risks, action items/issues, and tracked key milestones and team members' time to improve project communication, collaboration, and quality while minimizing impact of change. Project Manager Chase Mortgage Banking - Columbus, OH April 2012 to September 2012 • Managed the development and implementation of data management/strategies across Chase Mortgage Banking and its servicing platform vendors to formalize a joint Data Governance function that maintains the integrity and accuracy of Mortgage Banking business critical data through definition and enforcement of data management policies and controls.  • Executed established project management support and disciplines including the development of project plans, timelines, project charter, management of project budgets and resource planning.  • Facilitated meetings, maintained issues log, updated and managed project documentation in SharePoint.  • Partnered with business leaders to identify opportunities and resolve issues that will align the data governance and data management model.  • Led a team of data management experts to launch a Data Management Council to proactively manage data change requests by ensuring complete definition and understanding of data, enforces data standards, and mandates collaboration of peer data stewards to ensure consistency of definition and usage of data assets. Project Manager JP Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH November 2011 to April 2012 • Managed multiple cross-functional projects with globally dispersed teams to design and build an integrated consumer data warehouse (ICDW) that will decrease cost and time to market to the firm and provide an analytics platform that is a trusted source for consumer data.  • Worked with the program leadership team and define the projects scopes.  • Led the project team and prepared the project plan/schedule and obtain necessary approvals.  • Prepared the resource plan and engaged the needed resources to carry out the work-plan.  • Managed the risks, issues and change request to minimize its impact to project scope, schedule and cost.  • Communicated the project status, risks and issues on regular basis to all stakeholders.  • Facilitated decision making, issue resolution, and risk mitigation strategies for the project.  • Supervised and maintained the SharePoint site which served as the main source of project information and allowed stakeholders to share information and documents, collaborate and improve communications. Education M.B.A. in Global Management University of Phoenix - San Diego, CA 2006 B.A. in International Relations Alliant International University - San Diego, CA 2003 Skills Pmo, Ms project, Sharepoint, Web based, Frameworks, Jira, Visio, Ms office, Mentor, Written and verbal, Strong communication skills, Powerpoint, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Scrum Master, PM Certifications/Licenses PMI-ACP May 2019 to Present PMI - Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) with extensive knowledge and experience in Scrum, XP, Kanban. Project Management Professional (PMP) October 2010 to Present PMI - Project Management Professional (PMP) certified. Additional Information Core Competencies:  • Project Management of various projects, including Digital Banking, divestiture, web based and client server applications  • Collaborative and proven ability to build relationships, with Technology, Business teams including the PMO  • Ability to train, coach and mentor teams on Agile Frameworks with over six years in Scrum/Iterative delivery approach.  • Strong communication skills - written and verbal, including providing clear and concise status reports  • Ability to adapt and deliver in an ever changing and dynamic business environment  • Providing leadership to ensure successful project delivery as well as success and growth of project team  • Building relationships and trust with project teams, customers and stakeholders  • Conducting regular meetings/Scrum ceremonies with key stakeholders  • CA Clarity management & HP Quality Center (ALM)  • MS Office, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint, PowerPoint & Access  • Experience managing Agile projects using JIRA & Confluence  • Methodologies - Waterfall, Iterative, Hybrid, Agile Frameworks