Project Delivery Manager/Lead <span class="hl">Project</span> Delivery <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Lead Project Delivery Manager/Lead - Texas Department of Transportation • Senior IT Professional with 20+ years of progressive experience in Project Management, Application Development and Business Analysis.  • 8+ years of leadership and technical project management experience which includes 3+ years of Agile environment experience.  • 10+ years of implementing projects using SDLC methodologies.  • Extensive experience in the natural gas transportation domain in Houston.  • Strong onsite and offsite project co-ordination and vendor management skills.  • 5+ years of PMO experience. Well versed with Waterfall, stage gate and agile project delivery techniques.  • 5+ years of Change Control, Release and Deployment & Infrastructure migration experience.  • PMP and ITIL v3 Foundation certified. Scrum Master Certified. Well versed with SAFe implementations.  • Strong skills in business analysis, defining and creating business requirement documents, functional specification documents, technical design documents and User Acceptance Testing and documentation.  • Strong organizational skills, oral/written communication skills, cross group collaboration skills, negotiation, problem solving and decision making skills.  • Strong Project planning, scheduling, status reporting, reviewing costs & invoices and document organization skills.  • Customer driven, quick learner and self-motivated professional with passion for technology.    Technologies and Skills Work Experience Project Delivery Manager/Lead Texas Department of Transportation - Austin, TX December 2018 to Present • Contract Project Delivery Manager/Lead accountable for data migration of TxDOT's legacy construction projects to a modern cloud based application.  • Provided direction to enterprise wide initiatives on SAFe methodology.  • Provided technical direction to data migration activities for legacy integration that included front bridge and back bridge support. Managed VSTS boards , data analytics development  • Configured functional and data enabler boards to comply with SAFe requirements.  • Lead several Scrum of Scrum meetings to deal with dependencies and resolved conflicts.  • Lead efforts for Go Live activities, set up infrastructure and cutover planning. Project Delivery Manager/Lead Deloitte Audit - Tampa, FL November 2016 to November 2018 • Contract Project Delivery Manager/Lead accountable for system integration of several subsystems with audit firm's Core product on Microsoft Azure.  • Conducted daily standups, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives and sprint planning sessions. Maintained several story boards that confirmed with enterprise wide SAFe methodology.  • Worked with DevOps and implemented Kanban for day to day support tasks.  • Prepared burn down reports and worked with product owners to prioritize back logs resulting in increased velocity.  • Lead several Scrum of Scrum meetings to deal with dependencies and resolved conflicts.  • Prepared status reports and reported project metrices to Program director by monitoring feature budgets.  • Published JSON endpoints and managed dependencies during application development activities.  • Managed continuous integration/continuous deployment activities and developer pull requests.  • Supervised onsite and offsite developers, streamlined QA regression testing and automation activities  • Worked with product owners and DevOps personnel and demonstrated technology proof of concepts  • Pioneered development of a standalone integration toolkit which reduced development timelines  • Made system wide changes to conform to Audit firm's internal policies  • Worked with UI/UX teams and ensured that code delivered conforms to core product developed on React  • Involved in program level planning of Core product deliverables and prepared vendor statements of work    • Introduced agile processes to replace existing waterfall methodology.  • Mapped out existing processes and converted efforts to user stories, release cycles and tasks  • Responsible for maintaining and grooming DevOps work backlog. Published status reports from VSTS.  • Co-ordinated publication of release notes with frequent product releases. IT Project Manager Ventech Engineers International LLC - Pasadena, TX November 2014 to July 2016 • Sr. IT project manager responsible for running Ventech's operations on in house developed .NET ERP system.  • Responsible for system and technology upgrades and system enhancements to suit Ventech's EPC business.  • Lead an effort to load SSAS cubes and analyzed weld log data using Microsoft's BI platform.  • Lead a team to evaluate SiSense's elasticubes which resulted in establishing company's KPIs in quality.  • Ported legacy vendor data systems to .NET technologies and introduced BI concepts to the company  • Lead a team to perform system enhancements which involved linking process flow diagrams, piping and instrumentation diagrams and requisitions in the supply chain purchase order process.  • Modernized legacy .NET and SQL Server systems to newer servers and operating systems.  • Maintained Sage 500 Accounting module interface to company's EPIC ERP supply chain system.  • Built reports to showcase company revenue by different lines of businesses and by associated chart of accounts  • Chaired executive IT strategy steering committee meetings and reported statuses of development initiatives.  • Integrated Requisitions and purchase order systems for engineering departments to custom developed ERP.  • Upgraded legacy bar code scanners to newer mobile technologies which allowed field users to look at piping diagrams and supply chain purchase orders when receiving materials at fabrication warehouse.  • Responsible for building an in-house solution GUI and data warehouse solution which tracked welder logs and alerted management when quality issues are noticed in finished welds. Chaired daily stand up scrum meetings.  • Conducted feasibility study of introducing cloud based solution to mitigate the cost of third party infrastructure providers. Worked with PMO office to produce estimates and formulated budget proposals.  • Reduced cost of incident management by making changes to problem and incident resolution methodologies Senior Project Manager SUNGARD - Houston, TX August 2013 to October 2014 • Senior Project Manager responsible for for implementing Aligne pipe operations for SunGard's clientele.  • Managed 7 resources and implemented high level and detailed level solution design stage gate processes for DCP Midstream's Trilogy project.  • Formulated project processes and combined SDLC methodologies with client's stage gate processes.  • Liaised with SunGard's product management group to resolve Aligne product gaps and develop enhancements.  • Worked on project management processes and initiated implementation of Aligne implementation methodology (AIM).  • Managed global resources to resolve product issues and to resolve product defects.    Senior Project Manager (Contract Assignment)  Clients: Invesco and BP North America 09/08- 07/13    • Senior Project Manager for Inveso's Global Portia Platform North America conversion effort.  • Performed redesign of Autosys Batch Jobs to target new folder structures and batch interface architecture.  • Used Microsoft migration assistants to formulate Sybase to SQL Server conversion strategies  • Worked with business sponsors and subject matter experts and initiated MS Project Server process changes.  • Planned and implemented moving of scheduled tasks from dedicated batch servers to Tidal Scheduler which resulted in over 300k $ of annual cost savings for BP North America.  • Worked with Sungard's Entegrate Gas traders and coordinated UAT tests to implement consumption meter sales tax, harmonized sales taxes, Canadian PST and custom invoice formats for Canadian customers.  • Created change control object repositories and implemented IBM Clearcase VOB's.  • Wrote test plans in Mercury WinRunner and prioritized high risk activities and conducted regression testing.  • Used Agile methodology to deliver project by clearing and prioritizing sprint backlog items.  • Created infrastructure budgets for subsequent approval by Finance and Regulatory groups as directed by PMO.  • Used CruiseControl.NET to manage application builds and to deploy to various environments.  • Prepared release management plans using corporate templates and liaised with business users during go live efforts.  • Worked on data model and data architecture changes to suit counterparty business requirements.  • Prepared benefit realization plans, business continuity plans, disaster recovery plans and risk mitigation plans.  • Developed and managed testing plans, liaised with traders, subject matter experts, technical architects and external vendor (IBM) to ensure that financial records are posted to SAP and all financial data is captured.  • Worked with business users and implemented strategy for advancement of monthly closing activities which resulted in better cash flow for BP North America and BP Canada Energy Marketing Corp.  • Managed offshore teams during high volume bid weeks and ensured SLA compliance.  • Prepared detailed plans for moving mainframe jobs to .NET shared environment and re-host mainframe programs  • Participated in gathering user stories and organizing a scrum team to deliver enhancements.  • Created risk registers and formulated response plans. Aligned processes with BP's PMO Capital Value Process(CVP)  • Initiated a strategic corporate project for standardizing BI reporting tool for the company along with creating an enterprise data warehouse solution using Microsoft BI Suite (SSAS,SSIS & SSRS)  • Prepared server and software inventory and initiated procurement activities  • Presented project progress, risks and milestones status to Senior Management Project Manager Transcanada and El Paso Corp - Houston, TX October 2005 to August 2008 and 08/00 - 07/04    • Prepared initial high level transition plans to migrate corporate ANR pipeline IT assets of El Paso Corporation to TransCanada's data center.  • Worked with infrastructure group and configured and monitored servers using HP Proliant Lights out utilities.  • Worked on testing Ascential datastage maps for inbound and outbound ETL EDI transactions  • Managed Server virtualization efforts which resulted in significant savings in non production environments.  • Worked with business users and IT and conducted user acceptance testing for SQL Server database consolidations which resulted in decreased server count and decreased costs and increased efficiency.  • Wrote Functional Design Documents for data model changes to facilitate NAESB contract requirements.  • Worked with ANR pipeline trading partners to redirect EDI files to TransCanada's data center.  • Supervised transition of El Paso's custom EDI application to work on TransCanada's network and infrastructure.  • Liaised with IT, business users and vendors and conducted dry runs which mitigated the risk of application cutover.  • Tracked resources to ensure complete knowledge transfer and application migration from El Paso to Transcanada.  • Presented project progress, risks and milestones status to Senior Management.  • Worked with infrastructure group and prepared plans for system replication on virtual servers.  • Managed AMS developers and formulated cutover plans using agile techniques.  • Managed scrum sessions for rapid turnaround of project deliverables.  • Prepared infrastructure budgets on custom spreadsheets and followed procurement guidelines.  • Assigned Work Breakdown Structure tasks and codes to individual team members and monitored progress.  • Prepared server and software inventory and optimized resources. Established server procurement budgets.  • Tracked resources in Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) and aligned resources to project plans.  • Created server mapping documents and managed administrative accesses.  • Presented project progress, risks and milestones status to Senior Management  • Led a team of 6 persons and implemented FERC Order 637 in the areas of Nominations, Confirmations and Gas Scheduling.  • Implemented change management strategy in PVCS to track incremental code changes.  • Created mapping documents to manage incoming and outgoing EDI files.  • Prepared reports for SOX compliance and external audits.  • Managed the testing and deployment of FERC mandated application changes. Education Bachelor of Technology in Technology College of Engineering Trivandrum, Kerala University, India - Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala Skills Outlook, Scheduling, budget Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License