Project Manager, Business Process & IT <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Business Process &amp; <span class="hl">IT</span> Project Manager, Business Process & IT East Brunswick, NJ Work Experience Project Manager, Business Process & IT MOL (AMERICA) INC 2015 to 2018 • Coordinated, identified and monitored application and preserved user's data for company's "Wind-down project" through developing retention plan for data as per business requirements and identifying options to trade-in, sell or dispose of company MS software, AT&T Mobile Phone Inventory and Verizon AirCard Inventory.  • Migrated telecommunication from multiple vendors (AT&T, Level 3, Verizon, MCI, Sprint), consolidating all to single provider (MetTel).  • Served as liaison for MOL's US Procurement, during deployment of Common Accounting System (Microsoft Dynamics AX), ensuring open communications between all business stakeholders and supporting staff for global initiative advancement. Facilitated documentation of project scope, project plans and deliverables as well as created and presented project status reports.  • Setup, implemented and monitored new audit process while ensuring clear communication practices while facilitating communication between Concur Technologies and MOL's Accounting department during audit migration of Travel and Expense from Concur Technologies to MOL's offshore team in India. MOL (AMERICA) INC - Woodbridge, NJ 2009 to 2018 Director, Business Process, Customer Service & IT MOL (AMERICA) INC 2012 to 2015 • Acted as primary Customer Service Business Process Liaison for North America, Panama and Mexico users.  • Worked closely with other global business process teams in Europe, Asia and South America instituting internal system improvements as well as performing development, implementation and enforcement of business processes.  • Coordinated user acceptance testing of regional, national and global projects and conveyed customer feedback to Development Group, resulting in 8 platform improvement releases.  • Facilitated transition of work to offshore India locations with creation of process procedures, service-level agreements (SLAs), workflows and logistics training, related to import, export and documentation. Manager, IT Helpdesk MOL (AMERICA) INC 2009 to 2012 • Provided strategic leadership and direction for technical staff of 7 employees and supporting 500-user organization. Collaborated with executive management and directed long-range planning for $1M budget.  • Purchased, acquired and installed company-wide rollout of air-cards, cell phones, desk phones, computers, faxes and printers enabling seamless communications throughout organization.  • Partnered with multiple vendors negotiating contracts (e.g. CDW, AT&T, Verizon, Unitech), thereby creating ~$60K in savings.  • Improved Helpdesk responsiveness through creating SLAs between departments along with analyzing and documenting traffic flow that devised correct staffing solution with minimal increase in staff.  • Streamlined and established best practice operations by as result of contributing to company's IT standards and procedures.  • Completed multiple projects effectively, requiring move of 50+ users to new office locations, executing verification of connectivity and ensuring all required systems in place and fully functional. Education Bachelor of Arts in (BA), Finance Rutgers University - New Brunswick, NJ Associate of Science in (AS), Computer Science, Networking Middlesex County College - Edison, NJ Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/denisa-gacki-2a284039