Business Operations Project Manager Business Operations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Professional Austin, TX A well-organized, results driven, certified Project Manager with diverse experience in the public and private sector looking to take her career to the next level. Jennifer is a self-starter that is passionate about delivering high quality products, services and solutions with a high degree of quality and customer service. She has previously worked in a number of well-known companies in various industries alongside top developers, analysts and testers. She has managed multiple projects ranging in complexity. In a previou roles she has been commended for first class work that helped the business achieve its enterprise visions and goals. Right now she would like to join a company whose ethos is rooted in the belief that people are a company’s greatest asset. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Operations Project Manager Texas Dept. of Transportation - Austin, TX March 2019 to Present Perform project management work on large, highly visible projects containing elements of complexity. Work involves initiation and planning through to execution and completion, monitoring the progress, managing stakeholder engagement levels and stakeholder communications.  Currently leading the initiation and planning efforts to implement a new tolling program costing approximately 1.5m.  Business Relationship Manager Texas Dept. of Transportation - Austin, TX August 2017 to March 2019 Serve as a primary liaison between business customers and technical teams for Information Management Division’s (IMD) Project and Program Delivery organization.  Coordinate information services that add business value and minimize business disruption: Responsible for overseeing multiple projects and financials of approximately 1m per quarter. Program Coordinator Loblolly/Texas Dept. of Transportation - Austin, TX May 2016 to August 2017 Support of the IMD team in the overall planning, execution and tracking of the Department of Transportation’s Enterprise Information Management Programs by using PMI best practices. Provide assistance to Program Manager in the communication of program and project related information. IT Project Manager Sr. Analyst, Change Manager Dell - Round Rock, TX May 2014 to May 2016 Support technical and non-technical teams in the Agile development and release of new features and functionality for eDell and dell.com. Advocate on behalf of customers and drive policies and processes that improve production stability and optimize production up time. Identify areas or projects for continuous improvement. IT Project Manager Consultant Apex Systems/Cigna - Austin, TX May 2013 to May 2014 Planning, leading, organizing, executing, monitoring and controlling all aspects of multiple IT projects that contributed to the success of Cigna’s Transition Program and IT’s overall strategic vision.   Key accomplishments include managing the testing efforts of a large complex data center move project and managing several software development projects from planning to completion. Under my leadership, we successfully tested and migrated 30+ applications to a new datac center. Other accomplishments include successful completion of an Actuarial software automation project, a security project, an HVAC project and the planning and risk identification phase of a class 1 software upgrade project. Deployment Project Manager Dell - Round Rock, TX October 2010 to May 2013 Managed the service delivery of hardware installation projects for IT customers- from manufacturing to shipping to installation; involving managing the logistics of technician scheduling, vendor participation, customer site readiness, and communication management across several teams and organizations. Responsible for the management of approximately 500k/quarter in customer revenue. Project Planner ICONMA/Dell - Round Rock, TX August 2010 to March 2011 Worked side by side Marketing and Sales Teams to plan a safe launch of a new software application that proactively monitored customers' IT systems. Wrote scripts for the Technical Account teams to gain customer participation and adoption to the pilot safe launch program. Created a work flow for the safe launch and the customer engagement process. Tracked and monitored the safe launch progress and reported adoption rates and progress to leadership. Project Coordinator Consultant Sapphire Technologies/G-Tech Corporation - Austin, TX August 2009 to February 2010 Managed the project management process as per CMMI standards for several lottery game creation and enhancement projects, ultimately leading to contract extensions for lottery games in 4 states- WV, VA, NY, and WI. My work was critical to G-Tech maintaining its CMMI standards and score in order to continue working on state lottery contracts. Education Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education/Language Arts Rhode Island College - Providence, RI January 2001 Skills MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint, OneNote, TFS, CDM/Quickbase, JIRA, ProcessMax, Ariba, ChangePoint Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) July 2019 to July 2022 Additional Information Areas of Expertise:     Project planning  Project schedules  Stakeholder analysis and management  Vendor management  Communication management  Issue management  Project implementation  Risk Identification, Analysis Workshops  Project status reporting  Training and coaching  Business process improvement  Project change orders and contract changes  Invoicing and POs  Agile and Waterfall methodologies  Texas state procurement process