Senior Digital Project Manager, Consultant Senior Digital <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Consultant Senior Digital Project Manager, Consultant - Accenture Work Experience Senior Digital Project Manager, Consultant Accenture - Cambridge, MA December 2018 to Present Medical Device Application Delivery  ? Currently overseeing the development and delivery of mobile application teams and QA teams.  ? Responsible for facilitating cross-functional communications to help drive a time sensitive supplemental new drug application submission and submission to the office of prescription and drug promotion.  ? Driving agile transformation processes to promote effective communication cadence in response to FDA feedback and internal change request.  ? Responsible for developing and managing an ongoing cost-benefit analysis of various lead management development options for executive level decisioning. IT Project Manager PDRI a CEB Company - Washington, DC July 2016 to December 2018 Provided project leadership to five employees for application development, including: production timetable, status reporting, project team coordination, and quality assurance.  ? Translated technical standards, legislative requirements, and third-party recommendations into specific, actionable requirements for development.  ? Evaluated UI design wireframes for potential accessibility barriers.  ? Developed test scripts and managed Alpha, Beta, and UAT testing.  ? Created and managed proposals in response to RFPs and Service Level Agreements for commercial and government contracts.  ? Compiled detailed descriptions of user needs, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify computer programs.  ? Strategized and supervised a 4-month cleanup effort to resolve several application issues. This effort led to improved operational efficiencies, problem resolution and improved application performance.  ? Substantially increased Help Desk response time by identifying repeating issues, developing projects to address issues quickly, and training staff on new resolutions. Project Manager LiveVox November 2014 to July 2016 Remote  ? Planned, scheduled and executed all stages of enterprise software, hardware and system implementations.  ? Assessed business implications for each project phase and monitored progress to meet deadlines, standards and cost targets.  ? Managed resource allocations across multiple projects including tracking resource bandwidth and forecasting future availability for scheduling new projects.  ? Delivered custom integration projects using waterfall and agile project management methodologies.  ? Mitigated risks by identifying, escalating, and resolving issues across multiple delivery groups and/or projects.  ? Established collaborative partnerships with key stakeholders to assess and recommend optimal business and technical solutions.    Project Coordinator  ? Integrated project procedures, resources and risk strategies into a dynamic and manageable plan.  ? Maintained continuous project performance and delivery control.  ? Managed and assisted recurring scoping meetings with clients to capture and finalize project requirements.  ? Worked cross functionally with other teams such as the Quality Assurance Team, Product Specialist Team, VoIP Implementation Team, and Technical Consulting Team to complete various tasks within projects.  ? Worked as part of an interdisciplinary team to achieve project milestones. Education Masters of Science in Information Technology in Information Technology Kennesaw State University - Atlanta, GA May 2018 Bachelor of Arts in Psychology in Quantitative Methods Spelman College - Atlanta, GA December 2013 Skills JAVASCRIPT, SQL, NODE.JS, React.js, HTML5 Links https://github.com/dburnet3 Certifications/Licenses Harvard Extension School - Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp March 2019 to Present