Program Manager/Remedy ITSM Project Manager Program <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Remedy ITSM <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Program Manager/Remedy ITSM Project Manager - Technology Consulting Incorporated Louisville, KY Work Experience Program Manager/Remedy ITSM Project Manager Technology Consulting Incorporated - Fort Knox, KY 2017 to Present • Project Manager responsible for the assessment, development, deployment and sustainment of the Human Resource Commands ITSM Remedy project lifecycle.  • Meeting with stakeholders to plan for transition to a new system to meet the requirements of all users including new modules to track asset, contracts, requests for change and release management.  • Coordinated acquisition of hardware and installation of software including security standards and storage to allow systems to be held in the HRC data center.  • Work in tandem with Network Operations Center (NOC) to track and resolve ITSM latency and downtime.  • Deployment of Remedy 9.1 to the HRC command network using the army's enterprise network and creating a solution that would be accessible and usable from two separate networks.  • Development of new modules within the ITSM suite of tools that allows for the tracking of all assets, contracts and changes within the organization.  • Worked at ISSO to assist in identification, tracking and elimination of security threats across several applications on the HRC network.  • Management and tasking of the Remedy team of contractors to ensure the project work was properly coordinated and complete prior to use by the client.  • Development, collaboration and creation of any necessary documentation including but not limited to standard operation procedures (SOP's), timeline, high level briefings for leadership, lessons learned etc  • Tracking of system deployments and upgrades over the development, test and production networks to ensure the least impact to the 24/7 helpdesk. Program Manager/HBSS Project Manager Hewlett-Packard Enterprise/Technology Consulting Incorporated - Fort Knox, KY 2015 to 2017 2015 - 2017    • Branch program management and tracking including gathering of requirements and information for all projects being handled within the branch and tracking the projects to ensure completion and work load balance.  • Assistance with project management and support for many systems including Information Technology Configuration Manager (ITCM), System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) and ITSM (Remedy).  • Managing matrix with all requirements for the branch to identify and create new projects and categorizing them appropriately based on their life cycle and recurrence.  • Communication and briefings for management for overview and tracking of the status of all projects within the branch.  • Command Cyber Readiness Inspection preparation, planning and coordination-managed responsibility for projects amounting to 30% of the entire score for all of Human Resources Command. These assets are in the millions and span the entire globe. Scored in top 3% of CCRI history.  • Host Based Security System (HBSS) Project Management.-  ? Creation and management of project documentation for HBSS including life cycle management and deployment timelines for the HBSS suite of tools. This included all outside taskings and orders to ensure that all milestones are identified and documented to be met on schedule.  ? Creation and implementation of all requirements for upgrades to software, hardware etc.  ? Development, collaboration and creation of any necessary documentation for the running of HBSS including but not limited to standard operation procedures (SOP's), roles and responsibilities, timeline, communications plan, rough orders or magnitude and high level briefings for leadership.  ? Tracking of system deployments and upgrades over the development, test and production networks to ensure no interruption in service.  ? Consistent contact and daily reporting to leadership about project issues and status to include troubleshooting and issue resolution. Project Manager Eli Lilly - Augusta, GA 2013 to 2015 • Project management for the PIMS- a system that collects metrics in a process and then compiles, stores, and processes the data for compliance reports. Participated in re-architecture project resulting in better reliability within the system and a more efficient reporting system for years to come.  • Creation of project documentation including project plan, scope, timeline, roles and responsibilities, stakeholders etc.  • Designed documentation for new reports for better maintenance for upcoming years and easier troubleshooting of issues that may arise.  • Creation and maintenance of project and validation documentation including network diagrams for Process Information Management System (PIMS)  • Ensure that incident, problem, configuration and change/release management are aligned with business needs and processed through the ITSM and SAP system.  • Fixed errors in the system that cost several thousand annually and ensured the reports stored valuable data that was being lost prior.  • Market research and evaluation of vendors alternative solutions and develop business cases to support the PIMS system to ensure that the software was the best fit and the best value financially in comparison to competitors.  • Microsoft Office, SharePoint and InfoPath support/development and administrative duties and assistance.  • PIMS/Aspen System and reports troubleshooting and database management. IT Specialist/ Project Manager ACAS and SARM Network Enterprise Technology Command - Fort Huachuca, AZ 2010 to 2013 • Project Manager of ACAS & SCCVI- The army's enterprise network defense scanning system with over 1.2 million users worldwide and responsible for scanning hundreds of separate networks and millions of devices for the army and its subsets.  • High level yearly acquisitions of over $4M including hardware, software and support, man hours, vendor support, as well as projection of cost for new software deployment and system sustainment for outlying years. Justification of the costs to higher authority with research and bid requests.  • System deployment of ACAS with both software and hardware including planning, testing, system architecture, system compliance with regulations, delivery and installation of physical and virtual servers worldwide and remote assistance in setting up thousands of local servers and scanners.  • Creation and collaboration of all project planning and support documentation such as concept of operations, scope, requirements document, project plans, communications plan, risk matrix etc.  • High level briefings and interaction with army senior management and various stakeholders, including Senior Executive Service (SES) and Lieutenant Generals to provide justification for project plans and project funding.  • Obtaining and maintaining software compliance and accreditation with unique regulations and requirements on heavily secured and monitored networks.  • Management of the SCCVI and ACAS team of contractors to ensure unity and the completion of team goals and work quality.  • Information assurance security officer- responsible for tracking user access to the classified and secret networks for a division including over 150 contractors, military and DoD civilian employees.  • Windows Based desktop and laptop hardware and software use support including Microsoft office suite (Word, excel, PowerPoint, Access, SharePoint Designer etc) as needed. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Information Systems Bellevue University Skills Project Management, Program Management