ITS Project Manager ITS <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Youngsville, LA Work Experience ITS Project Manager CONTERRA NETWORKS - Louisiana January 2019 to Present ITS Project Mgr Conterra Networks January 2019 to Present Department: Information Technology    Responsibilities Include:  • Routine Maintenance of Interstate Cameras, Vehicle Detectors, and Digital Message Boards for the contractor for The State of Louisiana. Tasks include operating crane trucks or bucket trucks to lift a man up to pressurize camera housing, clean camera lenses, inspect cameras and camera housing, inspect camera securing and mounting equipment, test and troubleshoot communication equipment in the communications box at each location, test remote camera functions (such as pan, tilt, and zoom), and clean all communication boxes as needed.  • Responsive Maintenance of Interstate Cameras, Vehicle Detectors, and Digital Message Boards for The State of Louisiana. This includes responding to trouble tickets, troubleshooting requests, etc.  • Responsible for ITS Program Budget, Hiring and Firing of ITS Employees, Managing ITS Employee's Time Entry, Hours Worked, and Paid Time Off.  • Maintain Fleet Vehicle Maintenance for ITS Division. LOUISIANA SCRAP METAL - Lafayette, LA June 2017 to January 2019 IT MANAGER LOUISIANA SCRAP METAL June 2017 to January 2019 Department: Information Technology  Responsibilities Include:  • Setup workstations with computers and necessary peripheral devices for a multi-location operation (routers, printers, etc.)  • Setup, remove, configure, and monitor user email accounts on Microsoft Exchange Server.  • Maintain Microsoft Exchange Server: purchase, renew, and install certificates, monitor services to ensure functionality, etc.  • Setup, remove, configure, and monitor programs and drives in SQL Server Manager.  • Remotely access servers and domain controllers through V Center, Veeam, and VM Ware vSphere Client.  • Configure and troubleshoot Cisco Switches and Routers (XModem).  • Install, configure, troubleshoot, and maintain network cameras (Axis, Pelco, etc.)  • Install, configure, troubleshoot, and maintain communications associated with all exterior peripherals associated with Point of Sale software (Scrap Dragon) including but not limited to Truck Scales, Outdoor Ticket Printers, X Ray Detectors, Etc.  • Install and punch patch panels for cable routing.  • Make Cat5 cables and run cable drops for connectivity.  • Maintain and troubleshoot computer hardware to ensure functionality.  • Install and configure appropriate software and functions according to specifications.  • Monitor and maintain local networks to optimize performance.  • Ensure security and privacy of network and all equipment associated.  • Provide training and guidance to users on how to operate new software and computer equipment.  • Organize and schedule upgrades and maintenance without deterring others from completing their work.  • Perform troubleshooting to diagnose and resolve problems (repair or replace parts, debugging, etc.)  • Maintain records/logs of repairs and maintenance schedule.  • Build and maintain IT Inventory and Stock. AVEDA TRUCKING - Midland, TX March 2017 to June 2017 FIELD SAFETY ADVISOR AVEDA TRUCKING March 2017 to June 2017 Department: Safety  Responsibilies Included:  • Worked with the operations leadership and HSE team in supporting and implementing positive and progressive changes in the safety culture  • Lead incident investigations and developed effective hazard alerts  • Worked with the operation on ensuring corrective actions arising from incidents, audits and inspections were completed and implemented  • Provided field level safety support on equipment and rig moves, including consulting with customers as required  • Supported the operation with all safety related activities such as, new worker orientations, safety meetings, inspections, crew talks, pre-works, emergency response plans, risk assessments training logs and JSA's  • Supported the operation and HSE team with developing and delivering in house training and external training such as PEC training  • Kept up to date records on all legislation and ensured the organization was compliant for OHSA, HazCom and DOT requirements  • Supported the operation with implementing and conducting Behavior Based Observations  • Supported the operation in ensuring the company was kept up to date and compliant with customer safety requirements  • Supported and advised the operation team on claims, incidents, and reporting requirements  • Worked with the operations leadership and HSE teams on ensuring records and files were completed and accurate with internal and external requirements. (Such as incident reporting, safety statistics, DOT, Hours of Service)  • Supported the organization on advising and implementing Alcohol and Drug testing when and where required  • Worked with the organization on developing Safe Work Procedures and Job Safety Analysis as required  • Worked with the operation on providing support and guidance with the procedures, policies, and practices within the HSE manual  • Conducted inspections and audits of facilities, worksites, equipment and systems  • Supported the organization with planning, conducting and leading annual emergency drills  • Worked with Management, Operations and HSE team to identify solutions and systems for safety improvement across the business NABORS DRILLING March 2010 to February 2017 Gulf Coast District REGIONAL IT COORDINATOR NABORS DRILLING March 2010 to February 2017 Department: Information Technology  Responsibilities Included:  • Installation and troubleshooting of computer hardware.  • Installation and troubleshooting of computer software, both physically and remotely. Remote sessions done via Team Viewer or Microsoft Terminal Services.  • Configure and troubleshoot PCs, VOIP Phones (Cisco Call Manager), Cisco Switches and Routers, Modems, and Wireless Radios. (Console: Putty, Tera Term, Hyperterm)  • Prepare and Maintain Drilling Rig Offices and Facilities in regards to IT Connectivity and Accessibility.  • Install, configure, and troubleshoot Satellite Systems for Rig Commissioning and Connectivity.  • Install, configure, and troubleshoot WiMax Systems for Rig Commissioning and High Speed Connectivity.  • Make Cat5 and/or Tough Cables and run cable drops for Rig or Office Connectivity.  • Install and configure camera systems for Rig or Office surveillance.  • Install patch panels for cable routing.  • Schedule travel in and out of state to complete services in Offices and on Rigs. Education Management University of Southwestern Louisiana, College of Business Administration - Los Angeles, CA MCSE University of Louisiana at Lafayette Continuing Education - Lafayette, LA Additional Information 10+ Years of Experience of IT Office and Field Leadership.  • Built Nabors Drilling's Field IT Team from the ground up  • Managed up to 20 employees  • Hired, Fired, and Disciplined Employees  • Experience in creating and maintaining budgets  • Lead and participated in corporate rollout projects. Both Hardware and Software (Windows 7 Enterprise and Windows 10, and Scrap Dragon X point of sale and inventory system with LA Scrap Metal).  • Highly Self Motivated and take ownership of projects  • Savvy in Contract Negotiations to significantly cut costs  • Outgoing Personality and not afraid to speak in front of people  • I will work until the job is done