Project Manager / Estimator <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Estimator Project Manager / Estimator - Koni Hospitality Chula Vista, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager / Estimator Koni Hospitality - San Diego, CA 2017 to Present Plan all aspects of high-end hospitality projects with million-dollar budgets. Managing domestic and international projects which involves coordinating design teams, manufacturing and installation of FF&E and hospitality products. Responsible for completing quantity take-offs, providing cost analyses, interpreting and processing RFQ's, generating cost estimates, organizing bid bonds and communicating with sub trades to determine the financial needs of completing projects. Managing multiple projects in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. Manage business and technical deliverables to the project budget and timeline throughout the various project phases. Coordination of activities and tasks among project team members, other internal departments and client or vendor/subcontractor organizations as needed to meet project goals and ensure project completion is on schedule, within budget constraints and of the appropriate quality standards for the project scope.  Selected Contributions:  * Increased on-time project deliverables by 35%.  * By generating competitive estimates, helped to increase the approval ratio for contracts and purchase orders in up to 25%. Project Manager Dynamic Communications - Tijuana, MX 2012 to 2016 Oversaw integration of IP telephony, switching and routing infrastructure, video conference, CCTV, control access, and networking systems for various projects from initiation to closure. Maintained strong relationships with clientele while performing management of projects. Contract management. Created and maintained clear communication channels with vendors and customers throughout all Mexico and USA. Ensured that each project was completed smoothly on time and budget. Interacted with product management, sales, client relationship teams, technology solutions, service delivery and cross-functional teams. Coordinated and prepared proposal and qualification packages, schedule, and scope of work for proposals and provide opportunities to maximize profitability.  Selected Contributions:  * By doing contract management achieved to renew 95% of all current maintenance agreements and increased current contracts by 30%.  * Successfully completed management of $1M annual project budgets. IT Consultant / Project Manager Northwest Mexico 2009 to 2012 Managed IT Projects for technology integrators and end-users specializing in networking and physical security. Developed and led training programs for new technicians. Provided refresher courses and training programs to advanced technicians on updates and specific platforms.  * Developed and maintained strong partnerships with IT Integrators and guided them to win bids for numerous projects worth over $6.5M.  * Performed outstanding Project Management outsourcing for multiple IT Integrators. Channel Manager Northwest Mexico 2008 to 2009 Recruited and developed new integration channels. Strengthened relationships with existing clients. Acted as trusted advisor to collaborate with all the managed integration channels for winning key projects.  * Increased regional market share by over 250%.    Additional 4 years of experience as Project Manager for Dynamic Communications working with Information Transport System Projects (Structured Cabling); 2 years of experience as Special Projects Engineer for Wilshire Technologies in Tijuana, Mexico; and 2 years of experience as Project Manager for Kojo Worldwide in Rosarito Mexico. Education MBA in Finance CETYS Universidad - Tijuana, MX 2015 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Telecommunications Engineering Tecnologico de Baja California University 2002 Additional Information ? 16+ years of Overall Project Management experience and 11+ years hands-on IT Project Management experience  ? Managing and coordinating medium and large-scale Infrastructure IT projects, ensuring that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget  ? Ability to manage multiple resources, multiple stakeholders and gain consensus on overall objectives in a fast-paced environment  ? Establishing and maintaining working relationships with vendors and subcontractors  ? Risk Identification and mitigation strategies  ? Project Financial Management that includes budget creation, tracking, management and reporting  ? Proficient with project and portfolio management tools (Visio, MS Project, Smartsheet, Asana, Monday) and Customer Relationship Management tools (Salesforce, Microsoft Dynamics)  ? Ensuring smooth Day to day project execution, client communications and resolving of project issues  ? Coordinating internal meetings across projects - including project kick-off meetings, hand-over meetings and daily production meetings  ? Ability to read architectural plans, review, evaluate, develop cost estimates, prepare quotes, purchase orders and cost analysis  ? Bilingual: Fluent in English and Spanish