IT Project Manager/Business Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>/Business Analyst IT Project Manager/Business Analyst - City of Carrollton Dallas-Fort Worth, TX Detail-oriented, highly analytical project manager with multiple years of cross-functional experience across multiple industries. Excellent communicator with the ability to elicit interest, enthusiasm, drive and energy using a common-sense approach. Builds relationships while serving as a liaison between management, other organizational units, and external customers to ensure congruence and cohesiveness throughout the lifetime of the project. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Project Manager/Business Analyst City of Carrollton - Carrollton, TX February 2019 to Present Revitalized stalled CityView project by engaging key stakeholders, building trust with project team, identifying gaps in the project plan and implementing re-baselined project schedule.    • Driving CityView CRM Integration with GIS and Exchange $700K project allows Urban Development and Environmental Services to automate processes and workflows with Desktop application, Mobile, BlueBeam Electronic Plan Review and online Portal for customers to submit applications with payments utilizing Authorize.net.  • Work closely with Application Team and Vendor to resolve issues end-users incur in Production and deploy solutions. IT Project Manager HollyFrontier August 2018 to February 2019 Responsible for execution and delivery of projects, assisted establishing IT PMO and trained end-users on Project Management tools.    • Drove Salesforce CRM Phase 2 SaaS Integration with SAP (included 5 Interfaces). This $350K project allowed Tulsa Sales and Marketing Team to automate processes and workflows by leveraging Salesforce.  • Coordinated Phase 1 set up and configuration of Salesforce CRM. This $3M project to integrated PCLI's SAP instance with Salesforce CRM, Mobile Apps and Inbox.  • Managed HRIS projects: HR Open Enrollment and Year-End Tax activities for all divisions (Domestic and International). Coordinate the collection of data, configuration, testing and moving changes to production environment.  • Administrator for the IT PMO project management systems (Clarizen). Trained new users on Clarizen and MS Project, resolving Service Desk tickets, tailored the tools to fit the needs of the business. Project Manager Social Media Technologies LLC August 2017 to March 2018 Restructured the service delivery model. Assisted in project planning and recruiting of curriculum, instruction and professional development staff and research.    • Procured learning management system (LMS) for administration, documentation, tracking, and reporting of educational courses and training programs.  • Evaluated expenses and recommended efficiencies resulting in cutting overhead thus reducing over total expenditures.  • Proactively managed stakeholder communications, coordinate tasks, schedules, and budgets to consistently complete projects on time. Project Manager Chandler Signs LLC March 2006 to February 2010 Collaborated with operational teams and managed cross-functional and cross-geography teams with diverse technical backgrounds to deliver, construct and install high-quality products and services on schedule and within budget.    • Rebranding Projects: managed End to End project life cycle for multiple national and local accounts resulting in $600,000 in annual revenue.  • Park Lane (new construction) project in Dallas, Texas: Assisted with initiating bids, planning with senior level stakeholders, executed plans, monitored manufacturing, troubleshooted issues, controlled risk, validated scope with client.  • Mapped project scope, specifications, timeline, resources, compliance with government and regulatory requirements, project management, configuration management, customer service, conduct procurements and manage vendors. Production Planning Clerk Aquion Water Treatment Products LLC January 2005 to February 2006 Coordinated and expedite the flow of work and materials between departments to according to production schedule.    • Conducted data mining, designed, developed, and distributed customized monthly budget reports; provided timely and accurate data for management analysis.  • Trained new hire employees in peer to peer training of proper implementation of processes and ensured consistency of project management and manufacturing best practices. Data Services Customer Care Southwestern Bell Corporation December 2001 to January 2005 Project Coordinator  Worked closely with technical and operational teams to update operational processes, methods and procedures documentation, training documents, work flows, and quick reference cards.    • Managed the creation of Virtual CCNA, CCNP, and CCIE labs to improve the resolution of complex customer troubles, improve employee knowledge and enable an aggressive certification track.  • Coordinated team efforts to reduce ASI billing errors resulting in a cost savings of more than $225,000 annually. Education Bachelor of Fine Arts in Fine Arts University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX 2015 Bachelor of Science University of Texas at Arlington - Arlington, TX 2015 Skills Customer Service, Estimating, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, budget, Word, Outlook Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/elizabethjonesPMP Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2018