Manager of Client Services/ IT Project Manager <span class="hl">Manager</span> of Client Services/ <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Manager of Client Services/ IT Project Manager - Exigo Office Dallas, TX Work Experience Manager of Client Services/ IT Project Manager Exigo Office - Dallas, TX July 2018 to Present ? Supervise direct reports including Project Coordinators and Business Analysts  ? Responsible for performance monitoring and reporting of Client Services team  ? Regularly reviews and evaluates opportunities to improve team best practices  ? Build strong relationships with clients and delivery teams  ? Oversee the management of multiple large scale projects in a fast paced environment  ? Provide routine status and project reports to project stakeholders including product owners, senior management, and co-workers as required.  ? Work with development and product management to determine scope of releases and roadmaps, and provide outputs to make that information visible to team members and stakeholders.  ? Size and forecast releases.  ? Responsible for the development and implementation of project plans and schedules.  ? Identify process improvements and manage the implementation of them to development teams  ? Lead weekly, monthly, and quarterly project status update meetings with clients and company executives  ? Ensure that projects are delivered within the allowed time, scope, and budget.  ? Remain current in Project Management, SDLC best practices including agile, and IT technology. Individual Contractor - Project Manager RT Restaurant Group - Dallas, TX July 2017 to July 2018 Reason for leaving position: Contract position - project concluded)    ? Directed all projects related to a restaurant site opening from beginning to end.  ? Obtained building and specialty permits from local jurisdictional agencies  ? Coordinated utility service providers according to project schedules  ? Conducted all critical pre-installation conferences with general contractors, vendors, consultants and manufacturer's representatives  ? Prepared and follow through on all project lists.  ? Worked with stakeholders to determine the project schedule, which includes the sequence of all construction activities  ? Prepared regular interval progress reports.  ? Avoided construction delays by efficiently following through with all site inspections in a timely manner.  ? Scheduled all contractors and materials deliveries.  ? Monitored work progress to ensure that performance is within approved project scope, schedule and budget IT Project Manager Modis IT - Dallas, TX August 2016 to December 2016 Reason for leaving position: Contract position - project concluded)    ? Managed multiple data governance projects.  ? Utilized JIRA and Projectlibre project management software.  ? Worked closely with senior management on planning and quality assurance efforts.  ? Monitored project timelines, project goals, and project progress using Microsoft Project and Project Libre.  ? Led weekly, monthly, and quarterly project status update meetings with stakeholders.  ? Ensured that projects are delivered within the allowed time, scope, and budget.  ? Performed data analysis to identify data impact, dependencies, and risk.  ? Directed data remediation efforts.  ? Oversaw root cause analysis efforts on data defects. IT Project Manager Total Home Health - Elgin, IL June 2015 to April 2016 Reason for leaving position: Part of a company-wide layoff)    ? Implemented large scale projects with an average budget of $2 million or more.  ? Directed all phases of company technical implementations, process improvement, and BI projects from beginning to end.  ? Coordinated internal and external resources for the successful execution of projects.  ? Worked closely with senior management on planning, budgeting, vendor selection and quality assurance efforts.  ? Collaborated with external and internal customers in order to gather requirements.  ? Utilized a combination of Agile and PMP methodologies,  ? Managed the offshore IT Data Services team, an onsite Business Analyst, all 3rd party software vendors and all contract employee vendors.  ? Utilized JIRA and Microsoft Project management software.  ? Monitored project timelines, project goals, and project progress using Microsoft Project.  ? Managed testing cycles, including test plan creation, development of scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing.  ? Led weekly, monthly, and quarterly project status update meetings with stakeholders.  ? Ensured that projects are delivered within the allowed time, scope, and budget.  ? Recommended process and systems improvements such as the automation of manual business processes.  ? Managed offshore data services team containing DBA, ETL, and BI developers.  ? Performed data analysis to identify data impact, dependencies, and risk.  ? Spearheaded data integration efforts for the production of a company data warehouse.  ? Built and edited MySQL stored procedures and queries according to requirements. Business Intelligence Project Manager Nationstar Mortgage - Irving, TX March 2011 to May 2015 Reason for leaving position: Received IT Project Manager opportunity (desired career field) with Total Home Health)    ? Directed all phases of business intelligence projects from beginning to end.  ? Collaborated with external and internal customers in order to gather reporting requirements. Identified relationships in data sets to determine key fields and present data independently for accurate BI reporting.  ? Built and edited Microsoft SQL stored procedures and queries according to requirements.  ? Developed BI reporting using SSIS, SSRS, and Cognos.  ? Researched and resolved issues regarding the integrity of data flow into databases.  ? Managed QA testing cycles, including test plan creation, development of scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing.  ? Ensured that projects are delivered within the allowed time, scope, and budget using a mix of PMP and Agile methodologies  ? Provided weekly, monthly, and quarterly active project status updates to stakeholders Education Business Tarrant County College August 2004 to May 2005 Business Paris Junior College August 2002 to May 2004 Diploma Southwest High School August 1997 to May 2001 Skills Pmp, Microsoft access, Mysql, Sql, Stored procedures, Cognos, Microsoft project, Ssrs, Jira, Pivot tables, Six sigma, Excel, Microsoft excel, Microsoft office, Excellent verbal and written communication skills Additional Information Skills:  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office Applications, Microsoft Access, and Microsoft Project  Strong proficiency in Microsoft Excel including complex pivot tables, v-lookups, and macros  Microsoft SQL and MySQL - Writing complex queries and stored procedures from scratch  IBM Aginity- Writing complex queries from scratch  Working knowledge of Cognos, SSRS, and SSIS  Working knowledge of JIRA  Six Sigma Yellow Belt  Familiar with PMP and Agile project methodologies