IT Disaster Recovery Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Disaster Recovery <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Disaster Recovery Manager - Yellow Roadway Corporation (YRC) Freight Lenexa, KS Information technology professional with more than 18 years industry experience in business continuity, disaster recovery, vendor management, risk management and customer service. Significant knowledge of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FFIEC, PCI, HIPPA and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) risk framework, internal controls, business processes, and business resiliency program standards; coupled with multiple certifications that include: Certified Business Continuity Professional (CBCP), Associate Member Business Continuity Institute (AMBCI), and Certified Recovery Planner (CRP). Work Experience IT Disaster Recovery Manager Yellow Roadway Corporation (YRC) Freight - Overland Park, KS 2016 to Present Responsible for the direct hands-on management of the IT Disaster Recovery program which included Business Continuity. Served as the subject matter expert in the planning, development, program execution, maintenance and testing of the Corporate Disaster Recovery program that included:  • Coordinating and facilitating plan exercises  • Documenting results and lessons learned from plan exercises and live events  • Conducing Awareness and Training activities with business units  • Supporting the facilitation of crisis management activities for a wide variety of physical, operational and technological incidents as needed  • Provided logistical and subject matter expert support for the assessment, development, implementation and revision of preparedness policies, programs, procedures and plans  • Provided oversight for assessment of program capabilities and support cross-functional efforts including but not limited to third party and vendor resilience requirements and assessments IT Disaster Recovery Manager Abercrombie & Fitch - Columbus, OH 2016 to 2016 Provided project leadership between technology groups and business units. Coordinated and facilitated business continuity/disaster recovery planning activities. Lead the IT department in enhancing, formalizing, and standardizing the DR planning process. Assumed leadership role in developing, coordinating, and maintaining comprehensive business contingency plans. Developed and performed validation methodology/testing. Developed and performed disaster recovery training. SELF-EMPLOYED SELF-EMPLOYED - Lenexa, KS 2015 to 2016 Information security Consultant  Provided BC/DR and InfoSec consulting to clients to develop or improve existing programs, policies and procedures based upon statements of work. Performed audit and GAP analysis on existing documentation from infrastructure services, application services, and business operations to determine current baseline of documentation status, standard operating procedures, and NIST standards. Meet with executive management to present and discuss methodologies, capability status, strategies and findings related to the project. Looked for opportunities to produce additional revenue streams. Risk Manager ARMED FORCES BANK - Kansas City, MO 2013 to 2015 Improved and matured existing BC/DR program based on FFIEC standards that resulted in a reduction of OCC issued Mandatory Required Attention findings (MRA's) from 7 to 0. Provided vendor management of third-party providers. Worked with vendors to ensure virus detection, SPAM and denial of service provided services are kept current and functioning as desired. Routinely performed vulnerability scanning of IT systems to include end-user equipment. Performed internal technology audits and physical security audits of Bank properties and assets. Annually performed business impact analysis, gap analysis, disaster recovery exercises, business continuity exercises, and employee training and awareness. Developed and submitted reports to the Bank's board of directors. OPERATIONS (COOP) PROJECT MANAGER DEPARTMENT OF AIR FORCE / DNUTCH ASSOC. INC - Dayton, OH 2013 to 2013 2013  Developed a continuity of operations program for one the Air Force's newest data center based upon statements of work. The new data center was built using state of the art hardware and software. As lead for the COOP program, responsibilities included developing the backup and recovery strategy for all IT systems within the new data center. Meet with executive management to present and discuss methodologies, capability status, strategies and findings related to the project. Look for opportunities to produce additional revenue streams. OPERATIONS (COOP) PROJECT MANAGER SECURE MISSION SOLUTIONS - Charleston, SC 2012 to 2013 Developed a continuity of operations program for the Navy's newest regional data centers for the Navy Medical Command based upon statements of work. These multiple data centers were built using state of the art hardware and software. As lead for the COOP program, responsibilities included developing the backup and recovery strategy for all IT systems within the new data centers. Meet with executive management to present and discuss methodologies, capability status, strategies and findings related to the project. Look for opportunities to produce additional revenue streams. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration Wichita State University - Wichita, KS 1997 Skills Business continuity, Disaster recovery, Data center, Training, Training programs, Operations, Audit, Maintenance, Emergency response, PMP Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: CPT Certifications/Licenses AMBCI Present CBCP Present CRP Present Groups Military Kansas Army National Guard | Topeka, KS  MANAGER, COMPUTER NETWORK DEFENSE TEAM                                             2007 – 2009  Oversaw computer network defense team comprised of 8 staff responsible for providing DOD C1/ISS protection from network vulnerabilities and threats, secure Cisco routers, cryptography and encrypting network traffic, secure web servers, firewall security, and intrusion detection systems.  Led team in conducting information technology audits, vulnerability assessments, security testing and evaluation, and certification and accreditation. Ensured the integrity, availability and confidentiality of the State’s network that included multiple armories across the state. This included vulnerability scanning of armory assets as well as physical security inspections of the network and infrastructure facilities.  COMMANDER & PILOT, AVIATION AIR ASSULT BATTALION                                    1996 – 2009  Managed, mentored, and motivated team of up to 130 military personnel with $2.6 million property and operating budget supporting a $70 million operation.  lead for the COOP program, responsibilities included developing the backup and recovery strategy for all IT systems within the new data centers. Meet with executive management to present and discuss methodologies, capability status, strategies and findings related to the project. Look for opportunities to produce additional revenue streams. Additional Information SKILLS & EXPERTISE  • Proven ability to communicate, influence, and interact with all levels of personnel within an organization  • Knowledge and application of Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery professional practices: Risk Evaluation and Control, Business Impact Analysis, Business Continuity Strategies, Emergency Response and Operations, Business Continuity Plans, Awareness and training programs, Business Continuity Plan exercises, Audit and maintenance, and Crisis Communications  • Tactical leader in simulated and actual emergency response  • Comprehensive project management skills  • Familiar with fundamental IT concepts, infrastructure & data center technologies