Database Administrator Database Administrator Database Administrator - Ultrafryer Schertz, TX Experienced Database Administrator with 2 years of experience working with SQL Server Management, writing SQL queries, and building reports with SQL Server Report Manager. Additionally, I have similar experience with network infrastructure, Windows Server management and VoIP services. I have working knowledge of C# programming using the .NET platform and have deployed custom tailored software, with a SQL back end, for company use.    Previously, I was a project manager professional with 6 years of experience working with the development, testing, deployment and application of database solutions in regards to AT&T U-Verse. Documented success of maintaining a 99.99% accuracy during the management of sports blackouts on AT&T U-Verse. Maintained working relationships with outside developers as well as third party vendors, such as Pace, Alcatel-Lucent and Ericsson.     I am very personable and comfortable adapting to any situation easily. I have a strong attention to detail and can easily visualize analytics. Work Experience Database Administrator Ultrafryer - San Antonio, TX June 2017 to Present Implemented and managed all aspects of MS SQL Server 2016 including migrating data from previous DB.  Developed and deployed SQL Server reports, developed SQL/T-SQL views, stored procedures, disaster recovery.  Manage SQL Server 2008 R2 data for CRM upgrade.  Developed and implemented from MS Visual Studio a C# app for inventory management.  Utilized Power BI to create reports for production floor efficiency and productivity Content Operations Project Manager AT&T - San Antonio, TX June 2010 to August 2016 Created VSDA system for creation of channels on AT&T U-Verse.  Managed special event projects such as the Masters Golf tournament.  Implemented shared team projects for channel creation  Implemented sports scheduling via VSDA  Other duties such as black-out management and DB management via XML  Assisted quality assurance through beta testing and writing/compiling install code. IT Manager Aria Medical Equipment - San Antonio, TX August 2008 to September 2009 Built, deployed, maintained Red Hat Servers, WinXP, Fedora and VOIP systems  Developed various tools in C++ and PHP  Deployed IMAP and SMTP servers Education mathematics and physics San Antonio College - San Antonio, TX 2009 to 2010 Electrical Engineering University of Texas San Antonio - San Antonio, TX 2003 to 2006 Skills DBA, MYSQL, Sql Server, Ssis, Sql Dba, C# (2 years), VBA (5 years), Network Administration (10+ years), Networking (10+ years), Network Management (10+ years), Project Management (6 years), IT Management (10+ years), It Project Management (6 years), Windows Server (2 years), Linux (2 years), VOIP (3 years), Desktop Support (10+ years)