IT / Technology Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> / Technology <span class="hl">Manager</span> Monroe, NC I am extremely motivated to obtain employment with a successful IT agency that will utilize my current skill set and equip me to better serve my community. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT / Technology Manager AGP - Charlotte, NC October 2018 to Present Develops technology strategy for the organization while keeping system security priority one. Designs and implements infrastructure and application upgrades. Creates and enforces technology policy. Employs third party vendors when needed and supervises projects until completion. Monitors worldwide security concerns and adapts company policy to suit. Educates organizational leaders/executives with proactive measures to protect assets. Advises leadership on best practice for upgrading equipment and which technologies to pursue. Analyst / PM Netsafe Solutions - Charlotte, NC December 2016 to October 2018 Provides advanced technical services to clients (78 Companies) from all over the spectrum. Duties range from password reset to server/infrastructure migration while always seeking to exceed customer satisfaction. In addition, analysts can provide technical advice to enforce security policy and improve existing policy. These tasks completed concurrently with server maintenance, network hardening, and backup of essential and confidential data. Forensic Lab Manager Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC August 2016 to April 2017 Working in the lab, I have gained experience imaging drives and utilizing forensic applications such as FTK Imager and Forensic Tool Kit. Utilizing data recovery tools, I have become proficient with maintaining data integrity and proper chain of custody. In addition to imaging numerous logical and physical drives, I have gained experience utilizing CelleBrite tools. Project Manager / IT Support Simon Roofing - Charlotte, NC March 2015 to September 2015 Responsibilities    Conducts Pre-Construction briefings with client to assure proper notation of contingencies, infrastructure, and describe in detail my teams' plan of action to complete work on the site. Conducts Job Safety Analysis to identify safety hazards and delegate instruction to neutralize those hazards. Daily Job Logs are completed at the end of the workday to document progress and to identify weak points of my team internally. This assists in adjusting to assure Key Point Indicators are met. At the completion of the project, the Project Manager completes a Final Inspection with the client present to assure customer satisfaction. The Project Manager is an essential liaison and ambassador to the customer to make sure they are adequately updated on progress and satisfied at the completion of the project. In addition, a Project Manager is constantly evaluating the safety of their employees and assuring protocols are followed. Training Officer / IT Support Sunstates Security - Charlotte, NC September 2013 to March 2015 Maintains safety and security on client property (Piedmont Town Center and Piedmont Natural Gas Corporate Offices) and provides excellent customer service on every available occasion. Trained every Security Officer that worked the PTC Site. Educated all officers on the expectation of a safe work environment. Escalated all safety concerned to the Operations Manager in a timely manner. Trained users on proprietary software, Microsoft Products (Multiple Windows OS / Office Suite), and various mobile devices (Apple iPhone, Samsung Products). Developed training modules and documentation to streamline processes to assure maximum efficiency of time and resources. Spearheaded projects to increase efficiency among officers. These projects included improving upon existing forms and the technology setup to provide a more user friendly but proficient avenue to complete tasks. Corrected all IT related issues for officers and supervision including password resets, Malware and Virus removal, driver installation, troubleshooting problems,installation of new software, and updating of licenses. Cavalry Scout US Army - Charlotte, NC May 2005 to December 2007 Operate weapons and equipment in ground combat operations. Duties include operating and maintaining weapon systems, such as rifles, sniper weapon systems, machine guns, shotguns, handguns, and hand grenades; recognizing and navigating through terrain; conducting basic and advanced reconnaissance operations; and advanced room clearing procedures. Additional duties include Unit Armorer; capability to maintain, fix, and manipulate weapon systems. In addition to Armorer, duties include combat lifesaver; unit sniper, and operation of FBCB2 and EPLRS systems. Education Associate in Virtualization and Cloud Technologies Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to May 2018 Certificate in ACE - Access Data Certified Examiner Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to May 2017 Associates in Computer Technology Integration / Cyber Crime and Digital Forensics Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC May 2015 to May 2017 Certification in Cyber Crime and Digital Forensics Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC 2015 to 2015 PC Pro Certification TestOut 2015 to 2015 High School Diploma in College Prep Forestview High School - Gastonia, NC 2002 to 2004 Skills Lab Tech, ConnectWise, VMWare, Veeam, Microsoft Products, Outstanding Customer Service (8 years) Military Service Branch: Us Army Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 / Specialist May 2005 to December 2007 Cavalry Scout Commendations: Expert Marksmanship Medal  Squad Designated Marksmen  Army Accomodation Medal Awards Army Accomodation Medal 2007-05 Certificate Of Excellence 2014-05 Excellence In Customer Service Certificate Of Excellence 2014-09 Excellence In Customer Service Outstanding Student Award - CPCC 2017-04 The criteria for this award is a minimum 3.0 GPA; notable work within the College, department, or community; demonstrated growth while at CPCC; contribution to their program of study; and not previously awarded this honor.