Account Support Manager/ IT Project Manager Account Support <span class="hl">Manager</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Account Support Manager/ IT Project Manager Cincinnati, OH Goal-focused project management professional with several of experience successfully managing large scale, highly complex programs and projects in diverse environments. Excel at making processes more organized and efficient with a passion for a challenge. Command control in chaotic and ambiguous projects by providing order and clarity through unification of teams and harnessing the power of team diversity.  • Vendor Management  • Business Process Improvement  • Cross-Functional Team Leadership  • Business Analysis    • Organizational Development  • Business Transformation  • IT Strategy & Solutions  • Performance Management Work Experience Account Support Manager/ IT Project Manager Hewlett Packard Enterprise - Cincinnati, OH March 2015 to May 2019 • Provided technical subject matter expert troubleshooting support of servers, technical security management, and performance management.  • Manage and report on performance against service level agreements and the development of action plans that result in meeting and exceeding commitments. Act as an escalation point and advocate for critical customer issues and worked cross-functionally to resolve more complex technology incidents  • Supported the sales team by maintaining strong relationships with clients and identifying opportunities for upsells to increase revenue.  • Delivered business values by aligning business solutions to address the customer's short and long-term support needs while maintaining an understanding of customer business strategies, challenges and IT landscape.  • Understood risk factors through carful analysis of financial and statistical data, and managed change effectively in fast evolving business and technical environments. Project Manager, Healthcare IT Project Ellkay - Teaneck, NJ June 2013 to March 2015 • Directed the project management and organizational change management services the internal team as well as expert analysis, risk, and recommendation strategies to clients.  • Collaborated with a project team in the development of IT Product Development to provide overall leadership, change management, and task coordination as well as direct responsibility for the deliverables and work products produced by the team.  • Developed, managed, and updated project plans and other project documents (e.g., communication plan, risk plan, stakeholder register, and resource plan) and updated the execution of the project schedule to ensure project scope and applicable milestones were met in support of the long-term strategic plans.  • Defined processes and tools best suited to each project.  • Moved between agile approach depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, schedules and work breakdown structures    Systems Administrator  Scivantage, Jersey City, NJ    Computer Support Personnel  Center for Molecular & Behavioral Neuroscience - Rutgers University, Newark, NJ    MIS/ IT-Co-Op  Gucci America, Inc., Secaucus, NJ Education Bachelor of Arts in Sociology Purdue University 2012 Skills Account Management, Salesforce, Sales, Data Entry