IT Project Manager II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> II Louisville, CO Seeking position in which I can utilize my senior management leadership and technical skills to create and motivate others within a positive environment that provides an opportunity to those whom I interact with. Continuously improving a best practices structured environment to improve business performance that aligns with executive strategy. Work Experience IT Project Manager II Staples - Broomfield, CO July 2017 to August 2018 Responsible for coordinating with over 500 external customers at one time to encourage them to migrate to most current TLS protocol.  ? Communicate with customers to understand progress and to help establish timelines.  • Provide status to executive and senior level leadership by providing weekly updates ? Possess organizational proficiencies to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment under limited supervision.  • Committed to achieving results and have a strong sense of ownership and follow-through to resolution.  • Interface effectively with all levels and across organizational lines.  • Utilize external vendors and resources throughout the organization.  • Demonstrated success at building team relationships and partnerships across organizational lines.  • Ability to work with ambiguity • Security: PCI Management and Administration IT Service Manager Stout Street Hospitality - Denver, CO June 2016 to January 2017 Development and execution of the team's business aligned roadmaps. This currently includes but is not limited to Spiceworks Web Portal, SLS implementation, and IaaS migration.  ? Drive efforts to move away from custom device configurations, leveraging industry standards and auto update capabilities.  ? Lead evaluations of alternative approaches to enable the business, drive operational efficiencies and ensure cost effective services.  ? Accountable for IT efforts in support of new sites, site closures and transformations of sites.  ? Maintain and evolve standards for site technologies; video, voice, workstation, connectivity, etc.  ? Advocate cloud delivery strategies (SaaS, PaaS, IaaS).  ? Tasked with delivering various regional projects.  ? Provide technical guidance and assistance to staff, product groups and vendors in the creation of new services and capabilities.  ? Responsible for Telecom Equipment Management relationships in relating to mobile services.  ? Manages demand & service delivery with suppliers and partners for aligned services/operations so that business demand translates into resource and capacity planning.  ? Accountable for refining and managing service portfolio, aligned SLAs & KPIs.  ? Creates, manages and maintains departmental policies, process and procedures relating to standards, projects and cross functional interoperability.  ? Ensures solutions meet key criteria for reliability, availability, manageability, performance and security. These services and technologies must be documented.  ? Process creation and refinement resulting in more predictable service delivery and support.  ? Delivers standard operating procedures and assistance in moving appropriate support activities to global support organization.  ? Security: PCI Management and Administration IBM Team Lead USPS - Boulder, CO September 2012 to June 2016 Service Desk and Cloud Managed Services ? Successfully attained all SLA/SLO standards by utilizing metric tools to identify and exceed team performance goals by providing training, resources, and directives at the agent level.  ? Team Leader of 6 direct IBM employees and 40 contract employees. In charge of daily operations at the Tier 3 and Regional Representative level of authority for three accounts.  ? Multiple enterprise upgrades supported to include Widows 7, POS operating systems, USPS security hardware and software.  ? Increased critical metrics for Service Desk. Call To Ticket Ratio increased by 24% in 4Q15. First Time Fix for ticket resolution improved by 10% in 2015.  ? Design, develop, deliver and oversee Corporate training program. Continual Improvement is an integral part of team development to improve consistency of information across the service desk. Tier 2 Technician CCI for IBM April 2011 to September 2012 Provided immediate high end solutions for project management including supervisory support in place of prior Team Lead when unavailable.  ? Worked with account management to develop current queue management procedures.  ? Provided mentorship of T2 team and trained all oncoming Tier 2 and advanced Tier 1 agents directly. Education Associates of Science in Transfer Credits Front Range Community College - Longmont, CO January 2004 to May 2006 Skills PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY (1 year), PCI (1 year), Point of Sale (3 years), Security (1 year), Web Portal (Less than 1 year) Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/aw9z1brwcj3spfyw Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/2mwhehh-q1dtap4e Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information SKILLS PROFILE  ? Excellent leadership values utilized in team performance and vendor management.  ? Thorough knowledge of account work flow to provide world class customer service.  ? Thought leader in problem determination and resolution to attain all business goals.  ? Experienced account representative with proven record of continual improvement.  ? AGILE, IBM, ITIL, and Lean Six Sigma Project Fundamentals utilized daily in a team environment at a global scale.  ? Microsoft Windows Server 2012/2008, Office 2016, Windows 2010 administration  ? Red Hat Linux 6.1 Administrative user  ? Point of Sale: IBM and Aloha  ? Google G-Suite Administrator  ? Android and iOS Administrator  ? Web Portal Administrator: Spiceworks and IBM Service Now  ? Remote Desktop Support: TeamViewer and Secure CRT  ? Property Management Interface: IDPMS and Starwood Galaxy Administration  ? Security: PCI Management and Administration  ? Active Directory User and computer administration  ? Telephony: IP and analog user management