Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - XEROX BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS INC Burlington, NC Hard-working professional with 12.5+ years of experience and a proven knowledge of desktop technology, end user  support, and operating systems. Aiming to leverage my skills to successfully fill the Technical Support Supervisor role  at your company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Manager XEROX BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS INC - Virginia Beach, VA May 2018 to Present Develop and manage work breakdown structure (WBS) of information technology projects.  Manage project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule, and scope.  Develop implementation plans that include analyses such as cost-benefit or return on investment (ROI).  Coordinate recruitment or selection of project personnel.  Direct or coordinate activities of project personnel.  Establish and execute a project communication plan.  Identify need for initial or supplemental project resources.  Initiate, review, or approve modifications to project plans.  Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables.  Assess current or future customer needs and priorities through communicating directly with customers,  conducting surveys, or other methods.  Submit project deliverables, ensuring adherence to quality standards.  Monitor the performance of project team members, providing and documenting performance feedback.  Confer with project personnel to identify and resolve problems. IT Field Service Manager XEROX BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS INC - Richmond, VA March 2015 to Present Analyze user needs and recommend appropriate hardware.  Confer with engineering staff and consult specifications to evaluate interface between hardware and software and operational and performance requirements of overall system.  Hire, supervise, and direct workers engaged in special project work, problem solving, monitoring, and installing  data communication equipment and software.  Develop training materials and procedures, or train users in the proper use of hardware or software.  Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation  activities.  Read technical manuals, confer with users, or conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems or to provide technical assistance and support.  Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation  specifications. Desktop Support Technician 3 XEROX BUSINESS SOLUTIONS - ELECTRONICS SYSTEMS INC - Virginia Beach, VA March 2014 to Present Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems.  Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation  specifications.  Inspect equipment and read order sheets to prepare for delivery to users. Education Network System Administration Information Technology ITT TECHNICAL INSTITUTE - Norfolk, VA December 2014 Skills budget (10+ years), Outlook (10+ years), Microsoft Project (8 years), Scheduling, Customer Service (10+ years), Word (10+ years), Sales, Maintenance Assessments Project Management Skills: Budgeting — Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to manage project budgets by appropriately allocating and monitoring financial resources. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/sbcamz8jjkphmdfu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information A+