IT Business Analyst/ Work Stream Lead <span class="hl">IT</span> Business Analyst/ Work Stream Lead IT Business Analyst/ Work Stream Lead - JetBlue Airways Valley Stream, NY Work Experience IT Business Analyst/ Work Stream Lead JetBlue Airways - Long Island, NY March 2017 to Present • Reverse engineered operational critical systems to provide technical specification documentation for the integration of approximately 24 systems to the new Crew Management System. Prepared API mapping documents as part of the integration requirements.  • Organized and lead the workflows for replacing the legacy Crew Management System (CrewTrac) and the automation effort for the manual processes.  • Collaborated with subject matter experts along with the solution architect to create context diagrams to illustrate the backend processes; this ensured that all data needed for integration were captured in sequential steps.  • Scoped, refined and prioritized functional and non-functional requirements for releases to provide additional features and performance enhancements to enable our business customers to effectively make decisions for pilots and flight attendants to remain in compliance with federal regulations.  • Participated in wall-walk sessions to lay out the road map for the Crew Management Program, the program has numerous dependencies on various internal systems and third party supported applications.  • Created and communicated weekly status reports for each work stream including percentage of completion, risk, issues and milestones. IT/Agile Project Manager (PMO) & IT Leadership Development Program Participant TRAVELERS June 2015 to March 2017 * Assessed and reorganized workflow to effectively optimize software releases and upgrades.  * Drafted reports on workflow projects for senior management to keep all management levels updated.  * Oversaw all aspects of a major market project, ensuring successful transition from multiple reporting sources to one source and improving quality of data used in analysis and decision making.  * Worked cross functionally to develop roadmaps conveying upcoming projects and releases across the organization and senior leadership.  * Collaborated with ETL developers, and QA to guarantee efficacious release of updates and version upgrades  * Coordinated cross-functionally to enact changes to APPLE/CAP reporting tool for purpose of improving enterprise ability to meet business needs and requests and aiding users in the field.  * Implemented risk reviews, mitigation plans, defect resolution, and root cause analyses to forecast and address potential delays or concerns in software releases and version releases, and to improve tool performance.  * Spearheaded upgrades to IBM's Cognos and Abinitio, resulting in an enhanced end user experience.  * Contributed to transition from Waterfall to Agile Kanban methodology, resulting in reduction of bottlenecks and defects and improved internal communication.  * Instituted and maintained SharePoint site for knowledge aggregation and more efficient onboarding process.    Volunteering and Accomplishments  * IT Case Competition Committee  * United Way Giving Campaign    * IT Recruiting on Campus Committee    * American Cancer Society TRAVELERS - Hartford, CT January 2013 to March 2017 Education Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems Central Connecticut State University 2015 Associate of Science in Business Management Capital Community College 2013