IT Project Manager 2 <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> 2 IT Project Manager Hudson, OH Versatile Project Manager and Team Leader with over five years of experience in planning and executing IT and Engineering Projects  for the Financial Services and Power Generation sectors. Able to manage the complete Project Lifecycle from Requirements Gathering  through the Design Phase, Development, associated UAT Cycles, Deployment, Go-live, and Post-launch monitoring/Climb to BAU  (Business as Usual). Experience in managing Proposals from RFP to Letter of Intent/Award. Proven track record of successful launches  as witnessed by linear trajectory and supported by promotions. Work Experience IT Project Manager 2 Giesecke + Devrient - Twinsburg, OH January 2018 to August 2019 Onboarded Tier-1 and Tier 2 Client Bank Debit, ATM and/or Credit Portfolios for Product and Services Contracts equivalent  to approximately 30MM gross revenue.  • Collaborated with Client Bank VPs and Executives to identify and forecast solutions to aid in gaining short and long-term  competitive advantages.  • Collaborated with Client Cyber and Information Security teams to ensure PCI (Payment Card Industry) compliance.  • Orchestrated the generation and exchange of encryption keys  • Worked with a G+D global team for international rollout of a product line.  • Managed multi-site global team to develop secure payment solutions for credit cards, payment cards, and RFID wearables  devices.  • Oversaw implementation of infrastructure and associated software to support a data-driven print-on-demand solution.  • Oversaw alignment of technologies and software to support a Disaster Recovery relationship with a sister-site.  • Managed complex large-scale projects for global leading financial institutions serving as the dedicated Project Manager. IT Project Manager Giesecke + Devrient - Twinsburg, OH January 2017 to December 2017 • Onboarded Tier-2 Client Bank Debit, ATM and/or Credit Portfolios for Product and Services Contracts equivalent to approximately 17MM gross revenue.  • Managed design and delivery of NFC/RFID payment products for multiple Municipal Transit Organizations.  • Lead a Project team for the conception, development, qualification and go-to-market strategy of an NFC Wearable  Payment/Proximity Access Solution.  • Worked with all divisions to compile, refine and publish an Employee New Hire Document consisting of inter-company and industry specific terms and their respective definitions in an effort to flatten the learning curve for New Hires. Project Manager - EuroPay, MasterCard, Visa Giesecke + Devrient - Twinsburg, OH October 2015 to December 2016 Lead a Project Team for the design, build and testing cycles to bring to market a product that enabled Merchant Vendors to qualify payment terminals to accept Mastercard EMV-contact and Contactless payment vehicles. Project Manager Howden North America - Akron, OH June 2014 to September 2015 • Engaged Client to establish scope and project specifics.  • Coordinated Engineering Studies to establish feasibility of project scope and intent.  • Oversaw Raw Material Procurement activities.  • Managed Project budget against the sold-Margin.  • Ensured delivery against the committed date of product to Client-site and conducted handoff to Commissioning Manager.  • Actively worked with Clients to identify and forecast future opportunities. Proposal Manager Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group - Barberton, OH May 2013 to June 2014 • Conducted Opportunity Review/Proposal Kick-offs.  • Drove deliverables from Engineering, Estimating, Graphic Design and Finance teams.  • Managed RFQ through Contract Award for required Third-party Vendors.  • Built-out Proposal and socialized with internal teams through Review and Approval Cycles.  • Oversaw Proposal submission Marketing Specialist Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group - Barberton, OH December 2012 to May 2013 • Compiled data to support Business Development and the Proposals Team.  • Created Tradeshow Marketing materials.  • Created bid-specific graphics for use in Proposals. Commercial Loan Analyst Happy State Bank & Trust - Amarillo, TX May 2011 to September 2012 • Reviewed Loan Documentation for federal and company compliance.  • Reviewed pledged collateral for compliance to company standards.  • Closed out paid loans and completed documentation for release of pledged collateral. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Business Administration West Texas A&M University - West, TX Principles of Project Management Kent State University Advanced Principles of Project Management Kent State University Skills ENCRYPTION, PCI, PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY, SFTP, VPN, ERP, RFID, SECURITY, SHAREPOINT, DEPLOYMENT, MOBILE SECURITY, VISIO, VENDOR MANAGEMENT, BUDGET, EXCEL, POWERPOINT, WORD, PM, Waterfall Additional Information AREAS OF EXPERTISE    • Professional: Initiation, Execution and Deployment of Projects across multiple industries, Budget and Margin Control, Proposal  Management, Vendor Management, PCI (Payment Card Industry) Compliance, Payment Solutions. Secure Payment Transactions,  Mobile Security, IT Strategy and Planning, Executive Presentations, EMV (Europay, MasterCard and Visa).  • Technology: Microsoft Applications ( Project, Excel, Visio, Word, PowerPoint, SharePoint), ERP (Microsoft AX, Syteline 9), File  Transfer (SFTP, Connect: Direct, VPN), RFID/NFC Wearable Payment Solutions, Data Encryption/Key Management, Input/Return  File Design, Secure Payment Solutions.