Implementation Project Manager Implementation <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Management Professional Oviedo, FL Effectively managed and delivered project results, facilitating change, cultivating acceptance and champions through trust, communications, influence, and negotiation, managing virtual / cross-functional teams. Customer obsessed, leveraging a strong operations background to deliver value via positions of increasing responsibility. Influential in engaging stakeholders in process analysis, problem identification and resolution. Instrumental in evaluation, analysis, and support of all phases of project management, and while achieving improved operational efficiencies. Key leader of multiple corporate project teams - introduced new financial system, application development, infrastructure, production and workflow systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Implementation Project Manager ADP - Orlando, FL January 2019 to Present Leading complex Human Capital Management implementations.    • Migrating National clients, 1000+ employees, from legacy systems to the newest technology stacks.   • Microsoft Office 365 SME and educator. Lead I.T. Project Manager AAA Northeast 2017 to August 2018 Managing enterprise projects with cross functional teams in a matrix environment.    • Responsible for Office 365 implementation - Daily standup to support migration at 70+ locations; 3000+ employees.  • Managed enterprise KPI standardization and reporting project.  • In charge of a newly created I.T. project management team while evangelizing the value of standardization, consistency, and best practices.  • Managed Ultimate Software time & attendance project - evaluation of the system, identification of improvement opportunities, and successfully implementation of approved features.  • Built multiple SharePoint sites to support project collaboration, created project template sites, and shared learning modules. I.T. Project Manager AAA Northeast 2015 to 2016 Consultant/liaison between I.T. and business lines. Responsible for new I.T. requests and projects by capturing, interpreting, and communicating project requirements, and tracking process through delivery ensuring expectations are met.    • Created and led enterprise Customer Experience Journey Mapping project - impacting 6 core business lines; resulted in 15 process improvements and increased lead generation.  • Managed enterprise credit card processor project, resulting in new financial processes, improved financial reporting efficiencies, and deployment of 500+ credit card terminals in retail and mobile environments.  • Established I.T. project management best practices and created/delivered project management curriculum to build the discipline.  • Led/conducted RFI rounds with numerous vendors, vendor analysis, and completed RFP rounds with final candidates. Senior Market Research Specialist - Marketing AAA Northeast 2014 to 2015 Responsible for multiple projects from planning through closing, maintaining scope and ROI.    • Created Financial Services process mapping, conducted observational research, presented executive recommendations, which led to accepted changes that resulted gained efficiencies.  • Participated in Forrester published research on how organizations implement the Customer Experience discipline and shared lessons learned.  • Completed consumer analysis and benchmarking reporting project to support executive data driven decision making. Core Product Specialist - Marketing AAA Northeast 2012 to 2013 Responsible for projects, analysis, requirements gathering and market research.    • Led telematics project - supported executive discovery, completed a competitive analysis, oversaw testing and composed executive recommendations.  • Expanded the market research and product development discipline while supporting team growth from 2 to 10 employees in 3 years.  • Became a subject matter expert in the MEMRI consumer database to support business line research.  • Conducted qualitative research - focus groups, internal/external surveys, observational research. Membership Manager/Corporate Trainer - Operations AAA Northeast 2009 to 2012 Managed club merger, change management, and consolidation of business lines.    • Led club merger discovery, analysis, and alignment of business processes.  • Consolidated fulfillment practices while reducing overall costs.  • Served dual roles as Membership Manager and Corporate Trainer, facilitated change management sessions, configured training modules, designed user documentation, delivered user training and supported go-live.  • Increased operational efficiencies by developing and implementing comprehensive training curriculums. Membership Manager CT Motor Club - Hamden, CT 2006 to 2008 Member of senior management team oversaw management of Customer Service, Call Center Operations, Member Relations, and Payment and Processing.    • Led all aspects membership operations inclusive of acquisition / renewal strategies while establishing a customer service center of excellence.  • Managed a team of 22 employees that supported payment processing, internet services, member relations and membership renewal fulfillment. Education Project Management Professional Bryant University - Smithfield, RI Skills Microsoft Office 365 (4 years), CX JOURNEY MAPPING (4 years), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (6 years), BUSINESS ANALYSIS (6 years), Project Management, Agile Scrum, CSM, Scrum Master, PM, Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, PMP Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/julie-a-sullivan-pmp-psm-i-csm Certifications/Licenses PSM I Present CSM Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Areas of Expertise    • Project Management  • Stakeholder Relationship Builder  • Business Analysis  • Change Management   • CX Journey Mapping  • Vendor Management  • Applications Support  • Process Improvement   • Facility Consolidations    Computer Skills:  Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, MEMRI