SPMO Project Manager SPMO <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Nashville, TN 15 years' experience in managing IT and technical projects, both in private and public sectors. Projects include: Identity and Access Management (IAM), ServiceNow, Account Receivable, MS Dynamics ecommerce (Magneto), Master Data Management (MDM) and data governance. Played key roles in delivering enterprise health solutions, technical integrations, and team management. Led many projects using Agile methodology by utilizing sprints, grooming, leading SCRUM, and facilitating the creation of a strong product backlog. Over the past five years I have focused experience in the healthcare industry, with projects in Medicare/Medicaid, hospital deployments and medical software implementations. Work Experience SPMO Project Manager Strategic Program Management Office (SPMO) - Nashville, TN 2016 to 2019 2016-2019)  As a SPMO Project Manager for the State of Tennessee Medicaid Modernization Program (MMP), I supported TennCare's effort with my experience in monitoring and controlling the project including, but not limited to: tracking risk and issues, quality, schedule, deliverables, metrics, configuration and change, internal and external communication, and customer satisfaction. Additionally, I participated in documentation reviews and provided feedback of the deliverables to the State. IT Security Project Manager Community Health Systems - Franklin, TN 2015 to 2016 As Project Manager I implemented IT Security Identity and Access Management (IAM) for clinical applications, hospital admissions, and accounting systems. Applications that IAM projects integrated with include Cerner, Medhost, and ServiceNow. I managed a team that audited user accounts to maintain SOX compliance. I was also responsible for a team that created compliance reports and remediating for non-compliant accounts. I led multiple technical projects simultaneously. Integration Project Manager Hitachi Solutions - Franklin, TN 2014 to 2015 I managed multiple client implementations at once. I was responsible for using Agile methodology while tracking risks and issues, quality, schedule, deliverables, metrics, configuration and change management. The primary client I led projects for was a B2B medical supply company. I have managed the development of project documents, such as: mission statement, project charter, product backlogs, plans, reports, and requirements to ensure successful implementation. GIS Manager Department of Information Technology - Franklin, TN 2008 to 2013 As GIS Manager I oversaw and managed the administration, development, maintenance and budget of the City's GIS system. I led an IT team which improved associated infrastructure, and the city's GIS initiatives, which were tied to enterprise projects. I also served as project manager for multiple technology implementations within the IT department and other city departments. Duties included making recommendations regarding system and data architecture. Additional responsibilities were to develop and implement quality control policies and procedures to ensure data integrity. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Systems Middle Tennessee State University - Murfreesboro, TN Associate of Science in Business Volunteer State Community College - Gallatin, TN Skills Data governance, Data management, Ehr, Master data management, Mdm, Change management, Itil, Security, Sox, Wireshark, Cerner, Data analysis, Microsoft dynamics, Dynamics, Governance, Accounts receivable, Audits, Remediation, Scheduling Additional Information Key Skills:    • IT Security: Identity and Access Management (IAM), SOX Compliance audits and remediation, penetration testing (Wireshark), define and implement security business processes  • Health Care: Cerner, Medhost, clinical informatics, Electronics Health Records (EHR)  • Financial: Microsoft Dynamics, Health Accounts Receivable  • ITIL: Data Analysis, Data Governance, Change Management, Master Data Management (MDM)