Creative Operations Project Manager Creative Operations <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Creative Operations Project Manager Boynton Beach, FL Bilingual project manager with 4+ years of experience in leading successful project launches at the Office Depot and the Wantman Group, Inc. Result and detail oriented professional, looking to apply organizational and efficient project management skills in a fast-paced environment. Work Experience Creative Operations Project Manager Office Depot - Boca Raton, FL May 2018 to December 2018 Led the development and execution of individualized work process strategies that led to the on-time, on-budget release of creative artwork for 40 Private brand in-store and online advertising projects; 5 Private brand landing pages, 25 Private brand catalog ads (targeting small to big businesses), and 10 Private brand magazine ads (targeting consumers). IT Project Manager Office Depot - Boca Raton, FL April 2017 to May 2018 • Led the successful release of the Small Business Services program in the Miami, Indianapolis, and Austin markets that yielded 1 million incremental dollars to Office Depot.  • Drove the revamping of a new project prioritization process that increased the number of IT projects that were profitable at Office Depot by 25%.  • Created executive weekly status reports (cost, cash, timing) across all IT projects which enabled the early identification of opportunities or risks that required leadership help to keep projects on track against all its key performance indicators (cost, cash, timing).  • Helped expedite all IT projects in the organization by 1-2 months by launching a training program that built expert Agile framework capability amongst all IT Project Managers. Project Coordinator Wantman Group, Inc - West Palm Beach, FL September 2014 to April 2017 • Drove 100% profitability every year for all projects against contracted terms resulting in the delivery of 120 profitable projects over 30-month period.  • Enabled total company budget sufficiency every year by generating monthly staff reports for all division heads and senior management personnel which included forecasting of revenue, staffing need projections, and timing of major capital equipment purchases.  • Led the monthly process of bringing visibility and helping leadership prioritize new potential lucrative contracts (10 million dollars and above) which helped increase yearly project average ROI by 10% in one year. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Marketing Florida Atlantic University - Boca Raton, FL May 2014 Links http://linkedin.com/in/Beatriz-Bresani