IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Richmond, VA Work Experience IT Project Manager Richmond, VA February 2019 to Present Manage IT projects to meet the agreed upon timeline, scope, and budget  ? Mitigate project risks  ? Develop and maintain project charter and plan  ? Facilitate meetings with stakeholders, project team, IT, and business users Project Manager Kaleo Pharma - Richmond, VA October 2018 to February 2019 Partnered with internal project sponsors to prioritize projects, identify project scope, and deliverables  ? Facilitated cross-functional project meetings to align on timelines, milestones, and resource allocation  ? Continuously interacted with leadership to maintain effective communication across teams and stakeholders  ? Identify, manage, and mitigate risk related to project success Managing Principal Business Operations Consulting, LLC - Richmond, VA June 2016 to October 2018 Served as a strategic advisor to start-ups in the areas of customer service operations, sales support, and strategic sourcing. Evaluated, selected, configured, and implemented various software solutions such as Salesforce.com, Hubspot, and Zendesk. Evaluated, coached, and trained staff. Standardized processes to meet business objectives.  ? Examples:  ? Healthcare IT company focusing on custom software for LIMS/LIS systems  * Vetted and implemented a CRM/inbound marketing solutions  * Developed proposals and presented custom solutions to potential clients  ? Wellness Program/Platform company focusing on population health  * Implemented Salesforce.com for business development and wellness program delivery  * Established a scalable customer support process by implementing Zendesk  * Defined requirements for the company's custom wellness platform and was active in leading sprints and performing UAT in new features  ? Health Coaching service provider  * Defined solutions for integrating 3rd party coaching services into existing patient pathways  * Presented custom solutions to potential clients and defined implementation processes Director of Operations Richmond, VA April 2015 to May 2016 Oversaw business management activities. Directed client experience managers, national operations center, procurement, and logistics departments. Led change management initiatives for existing processes and identified opportunities for improvement.Communicated across teams to formulate business and technical requirements.  ? Worked closely as an interface between business units and IT to ensure the appropriate application of technology  ? Established consensus among conflicting points of view through active discussion  ? Evaluated ERP and CRM solutions to replace outdated systems and processes  ? Defined business and technical requirements for NetSuite  ? Partnered closely with business development and solution engineers to design effective service delivery solutions for enterprise customers Vice President of Business Operations Health Diagnostic Laboratory, Inc - Richmond, VA October 2009 to March 2015 Steered operations for corporate wellness programs, customer support, sales support, and logistics. Responsible for a team of 80+ employees. Led strategic initiatives to eliminate outsourced business development functions. Collaborated across the organization to deliver enterprise solutions. Enforced compliance with HIPAA and PHI.  ? Design and implement operational solutions to support HDL's core lines of business which included: Health Systems, physician sales, Accountable Care Organizations, direct to consumer, and population health  ? Product owner for the myHDL/myhealthcounts mobile platform, portal, and health risk assessment  ? Led, coordinated, and implemented new products, features, and integrations with IT, product development, marketing, business development, and scientific teams    Director of Operations, Strategic Initiatives  Established relationships with business partners in the medical community. Streamlined processes to ensure timely execution of product development. Interfaced with leaders to customize healthcare software solutions.  ? Initiated, drove, and managed projects to achieve business objectives using various project management methodologies such as Agile and Waterfall  ? Managed implementation and ongoing customization of Salesforce.com CRM  ? Utilized QlikView, SSRS, and Excel daily to analyze data and make recommendations to executive leadership on how to alter service delivery and operations to support changing business need    Client Services & Sales Support Manager  Joined the start-up Health Diagnostic Laboratory as the tenth employee. Responsible for supporting the business development team, health coaches, and ancillary laboratory departments. Established and implemented new processes to support a fast growing company. Hired, developed, and managed a customer support team of 18 employees. Defined requirements for new systems, directed project activities, and applied troubleshooting techniques to resolve service quality and logistical challenges. Education Bachelor of Science in Economics in Economics Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University - Blacksburg, VA Skills Crm, Sharepoint, Jira, Business operations, Operations, Customer service, Process improvement, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology Links http://Salesforce.com Additional Information - Skills -  Project Management People Management Business Operations Process Improvement CRM Customer Service  - Implementation Experience -  Salesforce.com Zendesk Hubspot Jira Asana SharePoint Microsoft Teams Shoretel Star2Star