Expert Project Manager, Development Expert <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Development Expert Project Manager - Development - Pacific Gas & Electric Oakland, CA Work Experience Expert Project Manager, Development Pacific Gas & Electric Company - San Francisco, CA January 2016 to Present ? Development Project Manager planning and executing a $300M portfolio of utility capital projects in collaboration with Electric Asset Management, Substation Engineering, Transmission/Distribution Planning,  Maintenance, Grid Operations, Construction and Project Delivery departments  ? Project Manager for PG&E's Oakland Clean Energy Initiative; responsible for site identification, construction  feasibility, project governance, construction contract negotiation, budget and community engagement  ? Bid Manager for 2016 PG&E Energy Storage RFO; led PG&E's internal turnkey Engineering, Procurement  and Construction proposals and governance approval for four utility ownership opportunities  ? Key contributor to PG&E's Public Safety Power Shutoff PMO responsible for implementing an enterprise risk  based tool leveraging real time weather data, ongoing field inspections and engineering models  ? Performed feasibility and alternatives analyses for energy storage assets as economic substitutes for capital  intense transmission and distribution investments; efforts led directly to approval of 1st ever energy storage  project approved in California for transmission reliability purposes  ? Responsible for owning or supporting regulatory, policy and planning work with State and Federal regulators  ? Supported PG&E's Electric Vehicle Charge Network engineering team including electric capacity planning, site evaluation, construction feasibility analysis and customer engagement  ? Managed comprehensive technical studies exploring partnership opportunities for PG&E and TransCanyon to develop greenfield transmission projects outside the company's service territory IT Project Manager Vigilent Corporation - Oakland, CA 2013 to 2015 ? Managed Vigilent's hardware and software production group fulfilling annual global sales in excess of $14  million while maintaining rigorous quality standards  ? Assumed responsibility for scaling, automating and formalizing outdated start-up stage production and quality  management practices  ? Designed and implemented an electronic manufacturing schedule featuring automated reporting metrics; prior  to launching this system production data was not available at Vigilent  ? Led a team of software engineers to spec, develop and test an indispensable production tool (integrating  Linux, Salesforce and various hardware platforms) which decreased average labor inputs by 36.5%  ? Successfully mentored several entry level technicians into permanent full time positions within the company  ? Selected by CEO to join inaugural culture team Manufacturing and Operations Supervisor Banyan Energy Inc - Berkeley, CA 2011 to 2013 ? Defined operational systems, processes and policies in support of product commercialization  ? Directed internal operations for the corporation including organization and maintenance of research facilities, administration of company-wide team resources and acquisition of manufacturing equipment  ? Engineered a manufacturing process and trained a team of technicians to execute pilot production runs  ? Conceptualized, designed and fabricated prototype applications for Banyan's technology including LED  lighting and water heating products  ? Built economic models to evaluate Banyan's performance against conventional utility solar power plants  ? Analyzed Banyan's BOM to monetize product development goals and cost reduction milestones  ? Point-man for supply chain and inventory planning; responsible for balancing monetary, time and risk  considerations in order to enable the engineering team Education Bachelor of Arts in Environmental Economics and Policy University of California at Berkeley - Berkeley, CA 2011 Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) March 2019 to March 2022