Sr. IT project manager, Humana - PMCC2 Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">project</span> <span class="hl">manager</span>, Humana - PMCC2 Sr. IT project manager, Humana - PMCC2 - Humana Louisville, KY Senior Manager experienced in People, IT, and IS fields. Extensive experience in project management, system development life cycles, business operations, IT security, compliance, ITIL, and government contracting. Recognized as a persuasive leader with practical and adaptable knowledge of multiple fields, efficiently aligning corporate vision with stakeholder interests. An effective communicator to my teams and leadership along with the ability to bridge the language barrier between IT and business. Work Experience Sr. IT project manager, Humana - PMCC2 Humana April 2018 to Present Finance, Risk, and HR)    Key Contributions:  • 90% completion rate on time and budget.  • Projects are enterprise level, along with some smaller custom builds with UX and UI needs.  • Redeveloped Ethics and Compliance training with a dramatic change in direction within two months meeting time and budget goals. (Cornerstone, Oracle, Archer ESP, Splunk, APIs)  • Reinvigorated a struggling project, one year over projected completion, to turn ready in 4 months.  • Moved internal HR search capability to a cloud-based solution using SharePoint search (Azure)  • Negotiated and planned Human's external search capability through Coveo (AWS)  • Multiple mobile application developments. (browser-based, APK, IPA)  • Workday integration of multiple systems and Taleo decommission. (SQL, .NET)  • Implementation of Lease Controller and CoStar for our financial group. (Dollar Universe)  • Positive Pay direct integration between Humana and our financial partners. Division Project Manager, Department of Medicaid Systems, OATS, CHFS TEKsystems October 2017 to April 2018 Key Contributions:  • Developed roadmap to bring DMS, OATS, CHFS in line with standard and PMI best practices.  • Developed Electronic Visit Verification system to remain in compliance with "21st Century Cures Act."  • Managing and developing relationships with Commonwealth contracting services.  • Proactively redeveloping weekly and monthly project reports.  • Coordinating reporting of all projects to COT.  • Communications of new and upcoming modification, on a State, Federal and Local level.  • Vendor Relations on Multi-Million and Billion dollar contracts. IT Project Manager Technical Consulting Inc February 2015 to October 2017 Key Contributions:  • Worked with .NET (Multiple applications), Oracle, SQL, Crystal, BI/DW management, SAP, among others.  • Planned, created, and developed, through Agile methodology, for our "solar share" .net application integrating into SQL and Oracle Financials and SAP services in three months under pressure time frame, meet all target dates and on budget.  • Led Agile developed an internal mobile application for expense reporting to be used by multiple departments.  • Developed and administered a complete retooling of disaster recovery testing and SOX compliance. Site Manager, Western United States District Manager Dell Inc June 2013 to February 2015 Key Contributions:  • Managed all Federal, IT-supported contracts west of the Mississippi. 20 direct reports, 300 employees  • 40+ sites while integrating 2 to 3 more locations each year.  • Developed a PMO for Dell Federal accounts. Implementing both Waterfall and Agile methodology.  • Led the implementation of the NIPRNet tail circuits to replace existing resources.  • Led the replacement of our telephony systems with a more robust application increasing efficiency.  • Trained project managers, personnel managers, and staff in winning procedures and effective leadership.  • Led a struggling location into the top performing location in 3 months.  • Developed employee incentive and cross-training programs.  • Coordinated a multistate effort to upgrade web security and integrated uniform security policies.  • Lowered Attrition by 30%. IT Supervisor/ Manager Xerox 2010 to 2013 Key Contributions:  • Pioneered new customer service strategies raising satisfaction by over 15%.  • Selected to develop and implement our expansion into the English Speaking European markets.  • Chosen to lead struggling Lines of business back into performance standards and beyond.  • Successfully utilized turnaround management abilities to transform struggling lines of business back to productive within or exceeding goals. Education BA in Geography University of Kentucky 1997 to 2001 Skills PMP, Itil, PM, Information Technology, SDLC, Waterfall, Software Development Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Planning & Execution — Expert July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to effectively plan and manage resources to accomplish organizational goals. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/fx5jpxnkqj9bdgmp CRM Skills with Salesforce — Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to demonstrate a knowledge of Salesforce objects, fields, and processes. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/uom4cuzimswjpcjk Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.