IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - COLLECTIVE REVENUE CYCLE MANAGEMENT Allen, TX Work Experience IT Manager COLLECTIVE REVENUE CYCLE MANAGEMENT - Plano, TX 2017 to Present • Brought in to build and maintain an IT department for a growing healthcare billing firm.  • Designed reporting software for call center analytics and business intelligence.  • Configure and maintain domain-related and other servers, networking equipment, and office infrastructure.  • Defined hardware and software enterprise standards for end user computing technologies. Global Help Desk Manager MEDIGAIN PRACTICE MANAGEMENT - Plano, TX 2015 to 2017 Provided day-to-day IT operational support including desktop, application and network support to ensure the reliability, recoverability, and optimum performance of IT infrastructure systems.  • Supervised, mentored, and coached technicians ensuring highest quality of support with a focus on customer service.  • Instrumental as an escalation resource for Help Desk support staff in a 24x7 environment. Systems Administrator MEDIGAIN PRACTICE MANAGEMENT - Plano, TX 2014 to 2015 Managed and maintained software and systems infrastructure in satellite offices. Designed and implemented innovative technology solutions for corporate offices.  • Directly responsible for support, backup, recovery and efficiency of server systems, data stores, and related frameworks. System Administrator MEDICINE CHEST PHARMACIES - Sulphur Springs, TX 2012 to 2013 Provided support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT systems. Closely monitored and maintained VoIP phone systems and external IVR system.  • Configured and managed operating systems, maintained network components.  • Supported end users in accessing and using IT systems. IT Service Manager / Network Project Manager POSTCOM - Sulphur Springs, TX 2011 to 2012 Provided hands-on oversight to numerous large network facilities and operations with a specific focus on mission-critical business operations.  • Evaluated and recommended appropriate technical solutions in the areas of infrastructure and applications. General Laborer J&K CONSTRUCTION - Sulphur Springs, TX 2008 to 2011 2013 - 2014  Performed various duties in general construction, new construction, and remodeling. Assisted the project team in ensuring timely and successful completion of construction projects. Education AAS in Electronic Engineering Technology COLLIN COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE - McKinney, TX Skills C (3 years), Python (2 years), Linux (8 years), Server (8 years) Additional Information • Superior record of steady career progression over eight-years in IT, mirrors underlying commitment to deliver robust, cost-effective services and projects in deadline- and task-driven environments.  • Pursuing higher education in the electronic engineering field with an emphasis in embedded systems.  • Strong technical troubleshooting and analysis skills balanced with strengths in communication, teamwork, and leadership.    TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES    Software: Windows 7/8/10, Server 2008/12, Unix, Linux, RDP, VNC, VPN, Microsoft Office, Citrix GoTo Suite, Microsoft Visual Studio  Infrastructure: Workstations, Servers, VoIP, Network (Cat5e/6, Switches, Security Appliances), External Devices, Backup Appliances  Programming: C, Python, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP