Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager - Walser Automotive Group Edina, MN Work Experience Project Manager Walser Automotive Group - Edina, MN Present Managed large size projects that primarily consisted of construction and process improvement across the entire enterprise. On average I managed  10+ projects at a time. Collaborated with all levels of Management including Senior  Management, Directors, and Dealerships on a daily basis. Analyzed current processes and procedures for business improvements. Introduced PMP methodology to the organization  that had not had a PMO in the past.  Responsibilities included:  • Assisted/managed in the creation of the scope with the Executive Sponsor and Business  owners along with executing the timeline, stakeholders, internal and external teams, and budgets.  • Provided all administrative project documentation in a clear concise manner including  charters, weekly scorecards, Senior management decks, etc.  • Only assigned PM on all new construction and capital expenditure projects. Directly  working with the Architect, General Contractor, Facilities Director, and vendors.    Achievements Include:  • Implemented the construction methodology within the organization that had never  utilized a PMO. In addition I was involved in the creation of the PMO handbook and PMO  templates  • Created new processes by implementing and producing SOP's and DOA's with multiple  departments.  • Co-hosted the 2018 budget meeting for all projects with Senior Management.  EXPERIENCE IT Infrastructure Project Manager Life Time Fitness - Chanhassen, MN July 2011 to February 2015 Managed upwards 15-35+ projects at a given time working across numerous programs and projects to ensure excellent technical solutions. Actively managed projects through various phases of software development and gathered requirements for smaller-scale  projects (in collaboration with Business Analysts).  Responsibilities included:  • Management of status reports / project metrics and resource planning.  • Responsible for managing the project scope, team, and budget.  • Constant communication of all status updates to the appropriate stakeholders,  executives and project team.  • Maintained and upheld excellent administration documentation.    Achievements Include:  • Created new and maintained exceptional customer relations.  • Within my career at Life Time I was the only IT PM that was allocated to all levels of projects which include Windows 7 upgrade (enterprise wide), implemented PCI (payment  card industry) compliance companywide for security audits, and managed all IT  deliverables for new and existing construction builds.  EXPERIENCE Project Accountant Life Time Fitness - Bloomington, MN July 2011 to February 2015 Lead Accountant on all projects related to assigned territory. I managed over $10 Million in sales per year.    • Lead building exercise in the Project Accounting team Education Bachelor of Science in Marketing & Managerial Accounting Minnesota School of Business-Richfield - Richfield, MN 2007 Master of Arts in MANAGEMENT CONSULTING & ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP Adler Graduate School-Richfield - Richfield, MN Skills Project Management