Project Coordinator III <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator III Project Coordinator III - HCA/Parallon Mount Juliet, TN To pursue a challenging and growth oriented career in IT project management with an opportunity to make a substantial contribution utilizing my skills and knowledge. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Project Coordinator III HCA/Parallon - Nashville, TN February 2019 to Present Supported Parallon Project Services PMO Team as well as HCA/HealthTrust/Parallon Project Managers and Directors  ? Provided Sharepoint Development and Support for the entire PPS/HCA/HealthTrust teams as well as Sharepoint content administration.  ? Managed Sharepoint and Project Web Application farms that HCA/PPS/HealthTrust teams would utilize to manage their projects  ? Created forms using Infopath integration within Sharepoint Project Manager Community Health Systems - Franklin, TN November 2018 to February 2019 • Supported six Senior Project Managers on the CHS IT Divestitures project  • Managed the six Sr. PM's project timelines ensuring we meet the deadlines for these short three to six month divestiture projects.  • Monitored incoming divestiture requests and issues to track and report upon.  • Created Quote Qualification Form's to initiate the PO process to pay vendors  • Managed Facility and Divestiture inputted Service Now Ticket Requests. Project Coordinator/Business Analyst State of Tennessee - Nashville, TN August 2015 to November 2018 This Project was created to implement the new Offender Management System for the Tennessee Department of Corrections it was named Correctional Offender Management Electronic Tracking project (COMET).  ? The COMET Project was a public statewide known project (became nationally known) worth $15 million.  ? Agile methodology was used for this project as the state of TN had requirements that were prioritized by budget and time.  ? Administered Tennessee Department of Correction Train the Trainer training sessions at Tullahoma Training Academy  ? Gathered Business and Technical requirements for the business.  ? Lead Internal User Acceptance Testing Sessions with TDOC Subject Matter Experts to ensure TDOC Business Requirements were met in the Coris sandbox environment.  ? Utilized JIRA Ticketing systems to log defects and missing technical/business requirements during UAT process.  ? Conducted quality assurance conference calls with vendor and business to ensure business and technical requirements are met after each module drop within the sandbox environment.  ? Monitored weekly teleconference calls/meetings with the vendor Abilis and the business (TDOC) to monitor the data migration/conversion meetings  ? Conducted/Monitored Subject Matter Expert training sessions for the Sandbox environment via Webex Application  ? Utilize the Microsoft Office suite to prepare documentation, notate status briefings and meeting minutes, create formal reports, etc. as required by Project leadership.  ? Weekly conference calls and meetings with the business and vendor were conducted to properly manage the job classification mappings that were going on during the Data Migration/Sandbox phases.  ? Assisted the vendor (Abilis) in creating user profiles and setting up permission levels utilizing the matrices created from the job title/function mappings.  ? Conducted basic training sessions with Subject Matter Experts and field personnel with the vendor after new module drops were put into sandbox environment  ? Perform other duties as required to ensure that the COMET solution meets TDOC's requirements and expectations.  ? Created a Sharepoint collection site using Sharepoint 2013 to maintain the project documentation for the new system.  ? Creation of Sharepoint involved workflow setup, coordinate the scheduling, resources and logistics for vendor demonstrations and oral presentations.  ? Closely monitor the vendor when utilizing the state provided COMET Sharepoint site.  ? Ensure quality control is present when the vendor is using the COMET Sharepoint site. IT Project Manager BlueStream Professionals Co - Atlanta, GA May 2014 to December 2014 Manage AT&T Iowa and Nebraska Cell Site Construction Program  ? Manage GSM, UMTS, and LTE Cell Sites for Operations Team  ? Briefly managed the UMTS and LTE projects using MS Project.  ? Using MS Project the Project Manager and Coordinator teams were able to track the progression of the Nebraska-Iowa LTE cell sites.  ? Developed a Data Integrity Team to oversee all AT&T Databases and the information within those systems.  ? Coordinate and manage weekly conference calls with the customer - AT&T.  ? Created reports for AT&T Management using Excel (pivot tables, charts, macros, VLookups).  ? Developed a training program to allow new Project Coordinators to quickly learn the BPS standards and procedures and how the customer wants the client to properly prep in order to build cell sites quickly.  ? Closely monitored cell site equipment with various vendors to ensure equipment was delivered in timely manner to accomplish certain pay points that the customer entitles us to complete.  ? Develop a complete understanding from the scope of the work, the deliverables, AT&T milestones, and learn procedures to ensure the customer the Civil Vendor has grasp on how to build quality built cell sites.  ? Responsibilities also included managing ACAS (AT&T Maintenance Ticketing System) and train new employees on the AT&T systems that PM's use to ensure quality control of the data given to us.  ? Maintain document control, database management, track project activities and team communications.  ? Coordinate accurate, up-to-date reporting of project status, scheduling, and planning.  ? Responsible to hold conference calls or meetings with Landowners to answer any questions the landowners may have during the leasing stage.  ? Managed AT&T project closeouts which resulted in building team to close projects in timely manner after sites were Site Acquisition Complete.  ? Created and managed numerous departmental Sharepoint sites. Management Duties included maintenance, adding/editing new pages and monitoring documents that were uploaded to the Sharepoint sites. IT Project Manager/Data Integrity Analyst BlueStream Professionals Co - Nashville, TN July 2013 to May 2014 Managed AT&T Cell Site program to develop and modify new/existing cell sites.  ? Maintain document control, database management, track project activities and team communications.  ? Coordinate accurate, up-to-date reporting of project status, scheduling, and planning.  ? Responsible to hold conference calls or meetings with Landowners to answer any questions the landowners may have during the leasing stage.  ? Created reports for AT&T Management using Excel (pivot tables, charts, macros, VLookups).  ? Created and administered Sharepoint sites for FMHC that was used by multiple FMHC markets.  ? Managed AT&T project closeouts which resulted in building team to close projects in timely manner after sites were Site Acquisition Complete.  ? Manage project closeouts and enter financial data into Oracle R11 and R12.  ? Maintain project trackers and client tracking database.  ? Interface with accounting department regarding client and subcontractor purchase orders and invoicing.  ? Implement and maintain project management database for project managers at AT&T in regards to FMHC projects.  ? Completed training on AT&T newest PACE Proliance System at AT&T Headquarters in Dallas, TX.  ? Train new employees in AT&T systems like Siterra, CASPR, Norad, VMT, Filenet, Autoforms etc.  ? Analyze AT&T cell site data using AT&T Caspr Project Management software.  ? Track weekly, monthly, and yearly cell site data in a custom built FMHC Quickbase database.  ? Manage vendor accounts for Site Acquisition purposes.  ? Created and managed numerous departmental Sharepoint sites. Management Duties included maintenance, adding/editing new pages and monitoring documents that were uploaded to the Sharepoint sites.  ? In order to fulfill my Sharepoint duties I was selected to go to Dallas, TX to AT&T headquarters to receive Sharepoint training in order to ensure quality control and data management on companies Sharepoint sites. IT Project Coordinator/ Data Integrity Analyst Nsoro Mastec, LLC - Nashville, TN December 2011 to May 2013 Analyze AT&T cell site data using AT&T Caspr Project Management software.  ? Facilitate and coordinate the work of multiple project teams engaged in the establishment and implementation of new projects to support the Project Manager.  ? Send weekly and monthly reports to project and construction managers.  ? Created reports for AT&T Management using Excel (pivot tables, charts, macros, VLookups).  ? Develop macros in Excel using VBA to automate reports for directors and Project Managers.  ? Using MS VISIO I created numerous report diagrams to present to AT&T Project Managers for construction design purposes.  ? Provide timely project status updates to the Project Managers; submit for Cabinet resolution for the problems and issues that cannot be resolved at lower levels.  ? Create databases using Intuit Quickbase to manage AT&T cell site data.  ? Create and administer numerous UMTS/LTE databases for closeout team.  ? Identify and work to remove barriers to successful completion of the overall project, with particular emphasis on resolving issues with subcontractors.  ? Manage project closeouts and enter financial data into Oracle R11 and R12. Field Technician Nsoro Mastec, LLC - Nashville, TN August 2011 to November 2011 Trenched fiber filled pipelines at AT&T cell tower sites.  ? Installed Purcell Cabinets in East Tennessee to hold AT&T fiber equipment.    PC Glitches  Desktop Support  ? Hardware and Software support, primarily hardware troubleshooting  ? Active Directory - creating user profiles and resetting passwords.  ? Building custom made desktop computers for many local businesses including hotels, restaurants, APSU, and chamber of commerce.  ? Provided 24/7 desktop support for over 50-75 local businesses  ? Troubleshooting and building custom networks for many residential and commercial clients. Education Masters in Business Administration in Information Systems Austin Peay State University - Clarksville, TN Bachelor of Science in Computer Science in Computer Science Austin Peay State University - Clarksville, TN Skills MS PROJECT, SHAREPOINT, CSS, SECURITY, SQL, JIRA, C++, MCSE, VBA, VISIO, FILENET, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, NETWORKING, REMEDY, TCP/IP, TCP, VPN, COMPTIA, COBOL, JAVA Certifications/Licenses Driver's License