Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Director - Project Manager - Development Avon, MA Work Experience Project Manager Summit Healthcare - Massachusetts 2016 to Present As the project manager for national and global projects for the delivery of healthcare initiatives in the United Kingdom, Mexico and United States. Implementing from start to completion of various software applications to the client's medical facilities ensuring that all major milestones and timelines were met.  • Managed all resources, risks, installation, trainings, support, and go-lives of the project.  • Completed contract agreements of project go-lives within 90 days of software installation with a 100% closure rate of all projects.  • Collaborated with Engineers and Development teams to execute required changes.  • Analyzed and resolved risk that could cause a delay in delivery process.  • Closely monitored and tracked project's timeline.  • Schedule and facilitate meetings to provide status, obtain sign off, resolve critical issues, and work through project scheduling conflicts.  • Prepared status reports and submitted outcome to client.  • Effectively communicate project status to the project team, executives and clients.  • Capture and distribute meeting notes.  • Anticipate and effectively resolve problems and address roadblocks.  • Implement and/or work within an established budget.  • Create professional presentations to communicate project information effectively.  • Assist with communication and training plan creation if / as needed  • Designed in-house Excel Project plan for Downtime projects in English and Spanish.  • Created Q&A presentation slide-deck for frequently asked questions. Providence Hospital - Washington, DC 2014 to 2016 Implementation and Training Specialists  Developed and implemented an IT Training program for Medical and Pharmacy Staff. Trained and provide at-elbow support to onsite and offsite physicians throughout the D.C. area. A total of 435 physicians and pharmacy staff completed all required desktop application trainings in use of ordering medications, patient look-up, AMR, EDM, PHA and downtime solution.  • Developed on-line eLearning interactive modules using Captivate software for current and future onboarding medical staff education.  • Provided in-person and virtual observations with executive management, as well as with operational management within the medical and offsite facilities to analyze, develop, and implement instructor-led courses, live, as well as webcast.  • Served as liaison for Medical Staff Board of Physicians for the implementation to increase attendance and awareness. Physician Training and Development Specialist Steward Healthcare 2010 to 2013 Massachusetts 2010 - 2013  Implementation and Training Development Specialists  As a MEDITECH Training specialist completed provider and nursing trainings for their medical staff at all Eastern and Southshore medical facilities using the MEDITECH desktop for the applications of CPOE, PDOC, RN ED using versions MEDITECH 5.54 - 6.07 on Magic and Client Server.  • Contributed to the overall success of provider training by identifying ways to continuously improve the learning process for the medical and nursing staff, comprised of seven facilities. Led more than 400 individual staff through classes and at-elbow trainings.  • Collaborated with multiple team members to develop a functional learning curriculum that addresses the different competency needs of the various modules within the MEDITECH application. Director of IT PREP Computer - Center, Massachusetts, US 2009 to 2010 As Director created and designed a computer center to host trainings and support for community residents. The center hosted three computer training rooms, help desk, a staging lab and an after-school center for youths.  • An increase of attendance rose from 30% to 100% when MS Office and A+ classes were introduced into the training curriculum.  • Due to the increase and popularity of Back-to-Work classes, a waitlist was started for re-entry to the workforce classes.  • Prepared and appealed for grants to support expansion efforts. The appeal passed and help to provide a decrease of 40% to the annual operational budget. A donator increases of 60% toward hardware, receipts of gifts from various computer companies such as IBM and DELL computers.    Career Positions of Increased Responsibility  ? Manager of Technical Training, Boston Children's Hospital  ? Supervisor of Training and Resource Centers, Boston Children's Hospital Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCES IN BUSINESS MANAGEMENT in SCIENCES Bay State College ASSOCIATES in BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Bay State College Executive Leadership Dale Carnegie Executive Leadership Training Computer Science and Design Northeastern University Skills PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT, PROCESS IMPLEMENTATION, Customer Service, Outlook, Word, Scheduling, budget