Senior AV Engineer Senior AV Engineer AV Specialist Tustin, CA Work Experience Senior AV Engineer American Automobile Association - Costa Mesa, CA February 2019 to May 2019 • AV Engineering - Managing strategic room design: Participate in strategic design, upgrades and daily support of video conferencing systems and initiatives.  ? Oversaw presale engineering - Assist with equipment suggestions and review presale drawings in elevations, floor/ceiling drawings and single line drawings.  ? Reviewed AV implementation in room tests, rack inspection and review integrator deliverables.  ? Monitored industry standard best practices and produces recommendations for consistency across all corporate locations/markets.  ? Kept project records from start to finish.  ? Coordinated AV installs and third party (sub-contract) schedules  • Conference room specialist - specifically in WebEx, Polycom implementation (Group 500/700, Centro and Debut), Polycom software (RMX) and Clickshare 200 Series.  • Executive Technical Specialist - Point person for the executives in assisting with creation and troubleshooting of presentations with embedded content (i.e.: videos). Collaborate with internal customers, managers, and vendors to review requirements and arrange/oversee conferences venues and support daily technology (i.e.: presentations, telecommunications and video conferencing).  • Left company after role materially changed. Project Manager On Target Solutions, LLC - Irvine, CA August 2018 to February 2019 • Oversaw entire AV department and projects from start to finish, working closely with the account managers to ensure purchases were engineered properly. Also examined bill of materials (BOM) and compared the BOM with the scope of work (SOW) and provided the stamp of approval for all AV integration projects.  • Oversaw project engineering and provided single line drawings of AV project implementation. Also conducted AV Product research & implementation in:  ? Conference rooms: Cameras, DSPs, Amps, switchers, extenders, microphones, speakers and displays.  ? Classrooms: Podium setups, projectors and teaching/pedological AV.  ? Corporate buildings: Digital signage, video walls and background audio.  ? Residential: Sound systems, displays and switchers.  ? AV over IP & wireless: Teleconferencing/telepresence systems.  • Oversaw integration technicians, providing internal kick off meetings with the whole AV team involved in AV projects, organizing schedules with clients and technicians, tracking milestones & commissioning turnkey AV systems and customer training.  • As Program Manager - worked closely with the General Contractor over multiple projects for the same client (i.e. Irvine Company & Porcelanosa) and oversaw the trades related to AV implementation - Cable pull and security teams. Consultant Self-employed - Tustin, CA May 2018 to August 2018 • Engineering and Project Management Strategist  ? Specializing in Education and Houses of Worship (Non-Profit Organizations) Project Manager Diversified - formerly Compview - Los Alamitos, CA July 2016 to May 2018 • Project Managed in all order of operations - following industry standards, processes and procedures, including overseeing all GANT and labor charts.  ? Worked as liaison between account executives and clients (including all stakeholders).  ? Launched internal kickoff meetings giving an overview of the scope of work: equipment lists, engineering and programming (CAD and programming requests) as well as review labor management - installation specifics and technician assignments.  ? Examined all project reports - daily reports as well as lessons learned throughout.  ? Inspected all project workbooks - scope of work, equipment lists, change orders and updated drawings.  ? Reviewed all line and construction drawings, including electrical and audiovisual. Also produced project drawings - single line schematics in AV.  ? Handled project commissioning - punch list, system testing, and client handover including equipment demonstration, manuals and warranties.  • Reviewed project presales, including site/construction surveys and project logistics - estimating labor needs/hours and site planning (parking, elevators, room information and points of contact). Also responsible for consultation in equipment and AV architectural/construction matters.  • Oversaw all logistics and warehouse inventory, including project calendars (implementation and coordination), vehicle calendar, purchase orders (tracking and check-ins), RMAs (Return Merchandise Authorization) - communicating directly with major industry manufacturers in controls (Crestron, Extron and AMX), displays (Samsung, Panasonic and Sharp), and projectors (Panasonic, Barco and Christie).  • Clients included: Amazon, Buzzfeed, Snap Inc. (working as the assistant project manager), Pepperdine University, Cal State Long Beach, Western University (Health and Sciences), and Loma Linda (School of Dentistry). Supervisor of Instructional Services / IT - Classroom Technology Specialist Biola University - Los Angeles, CA October 2009 to June 2016 • Oversaw AV Repair and Maintenance, including installation, integration and testing involving:  ? Presentation Technology equipment such as Projectors (LCD, DLP, Laser), Control Panels / Switchers / Scalers (Extron, Crestron, AMX), Audio (amps, speakers, microphones, soundboards), Cameras (SD / HD, PTZ), conference room technology (bridging systems, Codec, WebEx and GoTo Meeting).  • Managed four (4) part-time student employees.  • As the A/V Project Manager, supervised the construction, implementation, programing, budgeting, testing and launch of all the new AV build across the university (including AV retrofits) from start to finish.  • Responsible for classroom technology design, including creating blueprints and identifying scope of technology impact after installation. Successfully worked with building architects and construction crews during planning stages of room designs.  • Project and budget management for classroom AV refresh, staying within a set budget of $300K. Overall classroom repair and maintenance was roughly $100K annually. Education Master of Arts in Christian Education BIOLA UNIVERSITY, Talbot School of Theology - Los Angeles, CA 2008 Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Studies CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY - Fullerton, CA 2004 Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/joe-kim-2b610026