Technical Project Manager - Rightsline Project Technical <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Rightsline <span class="hl">Project</span> Technical Project Manager - Rightsline Project West Hills, CA ? Experienced IT Project Manager with high level of attention to detail, great organizational skills, exceptional communication liaison, and adapt to motivating project team under high pressure environments. Also experienced in delivering quality systems requirement documentation ahead of tight deadlines. Work Experience Technical Project Manager - Rightsline Project Hulu LLC July 2018 to February 2019 Coordinated the acquisition implementation of Rightsline, rights management SaaS solution, for Linear, Non-Linear, and Video-on-Demand broadcast content.  ? Used Power-Point for executive updates  ? Used Excel for project documentation  ? Managed and supported database team for Rightsline system, including all facets of the data streams; legal, content, and accounting.  ? Facilitated integrations of Digital Asset Management metadata and other various Hulu systems with Rightsline  ? Change Management and documentation leader.  ? Managed User Acceptance Testing and created test scripts, training materials, and dashboards.  ? Used agile and scrum principles to effectively manage deliverables.  ? Created and updated various project documents, while ensuring visibility and stakeholder input.  ? Worked with team to define processes and reassess goal as project progressed.  ? Planned, documented, and executed stakeholder user acceptance testing for Rightsline Licensed Content Implementation.  ? Managed, trained, and mentored a team of legal data entry clerks, including creating all training manuals, playbooks, and guides. JR. Project Manager - Network Refresh Project Fox Corporate IT- TV Production - Century City, CA June 2016 to March 2018 Assisted senior PM with a $500M network refresh project, aimed at fortifying TV production security through hardware, software, and Palo Alto Firewall updates.  ? Managed vendor relations and documentation, including reviews and approvals of Statements of Work, Bill of Materials, and working templates for future phases of the project.  ? Responsible for timeline documents from conceptualization to implementation.  ? Reviewed and managed budget, documents, and forecasting  ? Coordinated vendor deliverables and allocated resources, while adhering to strict timelines and milestones. Project Coordinator (CRM) Client Care - Calabasas, CA August 2015 to May 2016 Managed and coordinated a multi-disciplined team while acting as Scrum Master for the CRM project.  ? Provided excellent customer satisfaction by ensuring a continuously robust software.  ? Provided ample support to team to ensure deadlines were met.  ? Created and managed project documents and artifacts while insuring visibility.  ? Worked with team to define processes and reassess goals as project progressed.  ? Generated and utilized various project reports, including financial, schedules and milestones.  ? Planned and executed weekly CRM release notices and training  ? Onboarding of new hires with CRM functionality and accessibility IT Project Coordinator Health Net - Woodland Hills, CA September 2014 to June 2015 project engagement)  ? Implemented user acceptance testing with a focus on documenting defects and test cases.  ? Identified process inefficiencies through gap analysis.  ? Managed testing cycles, including test plan creation, development of scripts and co-ordination of user acceptance testing.  ? Recommended operational improvements based on tracking and analysis.  ? Project meeting minutes and PowerPoint presentations  ? Drafted 12 financial KPI reports per quarter.  ? Researched and resolved issues regarding the integrity of data flow into databases.  ? Documented business processes and analyzed procedures to see that they would meet changing business needs.  ? Mapped current processes and offered recommendations for improvement. JR IT Project Coordinator/ Analyst Autoland INC September 2013 to August 2014 Managed a portfolio of three accounts and generated a total of $150,000 in sales bi-annually.  ? Data management and analysis focusing on customer retention and market penetration reports.  ? Effectively led a seasoned team of partner managers and account coordinators.  ? Oversaw sales forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.  ? Negotiated prices, terms of sale and service agreements.  ? Organized joint sales calls with current customers and outside vendors.  ? Monitored project budget and created budget reports  ? Developed weekly project reports and dashboards Project Coordinator/ Customer Support Enterprise Rent-A-Car - Woodland Hills, CA April 2012 to September 2013 Planning and implementing marketing goals and strategies with target accounts.  ? Created project reports and PowerPoint presentations  ? Project planning and documentation  ? Managed several business relationships and brought in 4 new accounts, generating 11% growth.  ? Met with an average of 5 clients per week consistently, resulting in a 92.7% client retention rate.  ? Effectively led a seasoned team of partner managers and account coordinators.  ? Oversaw sales forecasting, goal setting and performance reporting for all accounts.  ? Increased sales volume by adding 4 accounts in the West Valley territory.  ? Assumed ownership over team productivity and managed work flow to meet or exceed quality service goals.  ? Facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support. Education Bachelors in Psychology California State University Northridge November 2018 Skills STRATEGIC PLANNING, PROGRAM MANAGEMENT, DATA MANAGEMENT, DOCUMENTATION, PROJECT DOCUMENTATION