Senior Project/Program Manager / Business Analyst Senior <span class="hl">Project</span>/Program <span class="hl">Manager</span> / Business Analyst Senior Project/Program Manager / Business Analyst - Auction Edge Senior Level Certified Scrum Master, Certified Product Owner and Project Manager, who successfully utilizes and marries traditional project management methods with Agile practices to scope and develop technical requirements, implement and manage complex workflow process and measures for technology and business projects and initiatives to improve productivity, cycle and service standards, and data analytics. With a focus on understanding, developing and implementing key strategies for a department to align with various initiatives; while serving in a leadership role to my peers and working closely with upper management on clear reporting and KPI. Able Highly committed to quality and strive to bring professional, timely, transparent and organized programs and projects to fruition; while expertly cultivating and maintaining valued relationships, through earning trust with customers internal and external.    Areas of Focused Specialties    • Scrum Certified & Traditional Method Expert  • Program & Project Management Expert  • Business Analysis and Analytics - Complex Dashboarding and Reporting  • Project and Program Management  • Process Improvement Analysis and Development  • Product Roll-out and Feature Driven Improvements  • Strategic IT Planning and Execution  • Risk Assessment & Management Planning and Execution  • Road Mapping with Strategic Vision Implementation and Oversight  • C Level (Upper Management) Communication  • Strong analytical and problem-solving skill    Technical Focus Areas    • SaaS Program Management  • B2B focus on product development and process improvement  • Cloud Development & Management, Enterprise Data Management, Data Lakes, Data Ecosystems  • Big Data Management Strategies and Partnering with Third Party Vendors  • New Software Development, Testing Plans and Execution  • New Product Development and Roll out Strategies and Implementation  • Feature Updates, Testing and Roll out Strategies and Implementation  • Immersion Curriculum Development    Proficient Software Areas    SmartSheet Certified, Pivotal, Google Docs and all related Google applications, email and calendar, OneDrive, Fireworks ® Clarity, Jira, Confluence, Atlassian, Workbench, CRM, CSM, ITIL, Microsoft® Office Suite, Solomon, InfoPath, Project, Lync, Visio, Kronos ©, ProTeus ©, Lightroom, PSE, CS, EPIC, Nuance ©, Quickbooks ©, Oracle ©, P6 ©, Heat 9.5, Adobe Suite, SalesForce, SCCM, Skype, PWA, Easy Vista, EMS, Encompass, PaperCut, EMR, ICD10, AllScripts, Slack. Work Experience Senior Project/Program Manager / Business Analyst Auction Edge April 2018 to Present - FTE Position - 4/2018-Current  • SaaS, B2B / Software Development Projects and New product Roll outs: Develop/Launch Spark, Spark BI, Revenue  Forecasting/Dashboard  • Continued Process Improvement Programs/ Projects: Modernized 10 product line installation processes into One Company Installation Process, New Employee Immersion Project, created new position and helped hire and train, On-boarding process for new products, new Clients and installations of software with related training  • New SaaS Program Development: Orchestrated development and roll out for: Big Data/Cloud Management (Enterprise Data Management - EDM) CDC, Revenue Forecasting/Dashboard  • Installation Coordination - coordinating all aspects of a new installation of up to 11 different products, across 9 teams. Managing team deliverables to the schedule, developing websites to customer needs, ensuring high level of customer satisfaction and meeting deadlines. Traveling to the customers site to build relationships and ensure customer satisfaction with the installation and products.  • Product development of websites using a templet and design documentation. Drafting technical documentation and parsing out key scope areas. Ensuring customers vision and auction needs are met with a high level of satisfaction, designed the sites, oversaw development of the sites and trained on the administration of the sites.  • Immersion Program - develop a multiple day/week program for new and existing employed to immersed in the Company culture, relate their position to the Clients business and business needs. Software Licensing Advisor Insight, Inc April 2018 to April 2018 - 4/2018  • Manage and support Microsoft Enterprise Agreements.  • Providing post-sales support to Enterprise Agreement clients to optimize their agreement value  • Process Improvement documentation Unemployed Unemployed April 2017 to April 2018 Senior Project Manager Information Technology Recruiting Company August 2015 to April 2017 • Using both Agile/Scrum and Waterfall methodology simultaneously, closed multiple projects with 95% closing under budget and within scope.  • Managed complex cross functional teams of up to 25 or more members through development, testing and implementation phases.  • Successfully scoped and executed multiple projects with a focus on server upgrades, server replacements, software upgrades and replacements, as well as newly developed software for custom implementations.  • Network projects focus on the installation of new equipment, contract negotiations and hardware and software installations.  • Security projects focus on the implementation of various password and enterprise security software applications, new equipment and developing new processes and procedures for end users.  • Accountability for project budgets, in-depth understanding of the financial implications of costs and able to provide suggestions on areas for cost savings.  • Focused on risks, risk management, mitigation and change management.  • Identify out of scope work and initiates the scope change process within process guidelines. IT Project Manager Lead PAML - Pathology Associates Medical Laboratory June 2014 to August 2015 • Managed highly complex Enterprise and Medical Connectivity projects closing 87% of the projects within scope and budget. Each cross functional team consisted of 10-30 team members.  • Successfully, lead a team of 10-12 project managers, guiding them through training, project management processes, new opportunities, and guiding them towards set goals.  • Created multiple different project and PMO processes and policies, wrote the necessary documentation and provided training as needed.  • Capable of overseeing, mitigate, and escalate issues with a high level of professionalism. Telecommute Position - Full Time Cisco and Avaya Telephony September 2013 to June 2014 Project Coordinator/ Project Manager  Contract Position - 9/2013 - 6/2014 - Telecommute Position - Full Time  • Successfully managed and completed over 25 government hardware design and installation projects, within budget, scope and schedule.  • Project teams ranged in size from 5-12 people from across public and government agencies. IT Project Manager, Business Partner Group Sterling Savings Bank - Now Umpquah September 2012 to September 2013 Successfully completed several complex Enterprise, Structural and Financial projects well within the time, budget and scope allocated; working with up to 25 different team members across multiple states. Project Coordinator/ Manager/ Reporter FLSmidth - Minerals - Mining March 2011 to September 2012 • Managed project, RFI documentation, manuals and communication aspects as well as and fully researched and complied the project reporting elements for a $73 million-dollar design and implementation mining contract.  • Successfully navigated a culturally diverse clientele and team, over various time zones and countries. Education Bachelor of Liberal Studies in Business Whitworth University - Spokane, WA May 2007 Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) June 2018 to June 2022 Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO) April 2019 to April 2022