Business Analyst Business Analyst Business Analyst - Philadelphia Orchestra Philadelphia, PA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Business Analyst Philadelphia Orchestra - Philadelphia, PA October 2018 to Present • Dedicated to communicating between BI, Marketing, and Development department requests relating to Patron Loyalty and Audience Development.    • Create and maintain SSRS report building, automation, and conversions.    • Develop subscription campaign renewals, acquisition, and telemarketing data visualization.    • Manages and leads multiple ongoing Orchestra campaigns and donor cycles.    • Analysis of campaigns, audience engagement, and marketing web development.    • Develops T-SQL and Visual Studio data, as well as reports.    • Leading Project Manager for large scale subscription campaigns.    • Assists the Marketing Coordinator in collecting data for upcoming and past performances.    • Assists Development & Fundraising Coordinator in gathering metrics regarding the donor base.    • Developed automated tools to further the profits of a $6 million subscription season. Technical Project Manager Comcast - Philadelphia, PA July 2018 to September 2018 • Monitor and troubleshoot NGAN/vCMTS platform.    • Responsible for cross-country communication between multiple cable divisions within the Comcast Cable Network.    • Create, monitor, and develop reports based on scrum and kanban Jira boards.    • Automate tasks and IP address assignments using Ansible.    • Evaluate graphing metrics and monitor up/down status of RPDs.    • One-on-One support with high level Directors, managers, and BA's cross-departmentally. Business Analyst & Project Manager Relay Network - Philadelphia, PA December 2016 to April 2018 • Assisted in restructuring the platform and product from a legacy platform to an entirely new gui/platform.    • Diagnose, resolve, and document the root cause analysis of tickets submitted through Jira using Agile methodology.    • Implement automation using shell and bash scripts that led to a 40% decrease in incoming tickets.    • Manage an ongoing, live project and six rotating developers on a weekly basis to perform hot-fixes prior to bi-weekly sprint releases, prioritized within a Sprint Cycle.    • Daily use of PostgreSQL, MySQL, JavaScript, C+, and Clojure to debug issues.    • Automate repetitive functions and tasks using Ansible Playbooks and Jenkins for data-analysis.    • Responsible for maintaining alerts and pings to maintain system thresholds.    • Liaison between Client Success, Product, and Technology, bridging the gap between departments.    • Restructured the platform and product, saving the company a total of $1.4m over one year.    • Outstanding ability to provide application support from development to production.    • Mac command line/terminal and Chrome Developer Options utilized daily. IT Production Support Engineer SevOne - Philadelphia, PA May 2015 to August 2016 • Tier 4 IT Support & Help Desk. Assisted/Trained lower 3 tiers to monitor internal network.    • Linux Ubuntu & Red Hat / command line utilized daily.    • SSH/VPN into customers clusters and troubleshoot technical issues, including, but not limited to, import/export errors, changing indexes & naming structures, adding asserts, variables, and other mathematical formulas for graphing and monitoring purposes.    • Daily utilization of php & shell scripts to automate tasks.    • Manage & maintain entire Device Certification repository using MySQL and Regex.    • Read, translate and deliver text based zip files by translating numeric SNMP walks and contextual MIBs.    • Monitor Network, routers, switches, firewalls, VLAN, and API configurations.    • Submitted JIRA tickets for internal IT issues, after a client submitted ZenDesk ticket was discovered to be a platform bug.    • Managed team of 3 to produce large quarterly projects to document quality control and compile graphable information to see quarterly/yearly changes within the Support Departments.    • Remotely assisted customers over Webex to access and maintain their servers and databases. Office Manager Legacy Real Estate - Philadelphia, PA May 2014 to May 2015 • Maintain & troubleshoot all devices and networking in office (Routers, server room, BlackBerry devices, etc)    • Managed Real Estate CRM and all billing and accounting for office. IT Support Reed Smith LLP - Wilmington, DE June 2012 to May 2014 • Ensure all routers, servers, and VLANs functioned properly.    • Manage functionality of all physical office equipment, not limited to office and mobile phones, mail & copy equipment.    • Maintain and manage the mail and copy room, shipping/receiving and inventory control.    • Manage Digital Records tools and software and CRMs    • Interact with and manage daily schedules of five partners, three associates, and clients, including managing all travel schedules and personal expense accounts. Education Vocal Arts & Creative Writing Vocal Studies / Cab Calloway School of the Arts - Wilmington, DE All State Choir English University of Delaware Skills MYSQL, POSTGRESQL, SQL, JAVASCRIPT, JENKINS, T-Sql (2 years), Tessitura (2 years) Links http://linkedin.com/in/jessica-cross-88b93951