Project Manager - Contractor <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> - Contractor Project Manager - Contractor Alpharetta, GA • Project Management Professional in Waterfall, Agile/SCRUM  SDLC/System Integration/e-commerce/SaaS/Cloud/Data Migration  • Website Development Project Management  • Vendor Management, Client Relations and Communications at Executive and Project Team Levels  • Cross-Functional Resource Planning and Management - Local/Remote/Off-shore  • Project Estimating, Budgeting and Invoice Management ($35K-$1.5M)  • Requirements Gathering, Business Analysis and Process Mapping  • Risk Identification, Management and Mitigation  • Project Schedule Development and Management  • MS Project/ Project Server, MS Office, Visio, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Smart Sheet, NetSuite, JIRA, Redmine, TFS (Microsoft Team Foundation Server), Google Docs & Sheets Work Experience Project Manager - Contractor JENKON, INC - Birmingham, AL May 2014 to November 2014 Commissions and Genealogy Management System Software for Direct Selling. Creation and support of web-based sales force compensation systems and turn-key software solutions for network marketing and party plan businesses.  • Project manager on implementation of custom software with budgets of $50K - $1M+ for national and international clients.  • Collaborated with IT team on best use of hybrid SCRUM/Waterfall processes for each project.  • Assisted with requirements management, bug tracking and test case management.  • Provided status reports to Director-level management.  • Created, managed and justified detailed project hours reporting spreadsheet for clients.  • Managed project schedules and discussed concerns with Jenkon senior management for resolution. Project Manager NATIONAL DCP - Duluth, GA September 2013 to November 2013 Exclusive purchasing and distribution entity for Dunkin' Donuts in the U.S.  • Project Manager on implementation of SAP ERP project across functional departments ($3M+ budget) with Deloitte Consulting.  • Collaborated with cross-functional project teams and software vendor implementing a co-dependent Transportation Management System being implemented in tandem with SAP.  • Collaborated with cross-functional project teams and software vendor implementing a co-dependent Warehouse Management System in tandem with the TMS and ERP systems.  • Creation of Process Documentation for Rollout of PMO. PROJECT LEAD THE WAY Indianapolis, IN June 2012 to June 2013 Leading provider of non-profit, web-based Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics education for middle and high schools curricular programs across the U.S. Project environments included Agile/SCRUM, Six Sigma and Waterfall methodologies. (100+ employees)    Led Cloud-based, 3rd Party Project Implementations Concurrently: ($30K - 250K + budgets)  • Project Manager of NetSuite CRM and Helpdesk Implementation with a customer base of 1 million+ ( project team members were local and remote).  • Project Manager of NetSuite Customer-facing Web Catalog Implementation using off-shore developers.  • Responsible for relationship and management of NetSuite vendor and deliverables.  • Coordinated Adobe E-Sign implementation.  • Responsible for managing SOW's, controlling scope, and creating and managing project schedules/timelines/deliverables/risk management/change management/UAT/system testing/roll-out plans/support plans.  • Led pre- project requirements gathering/documentation and Business Process Design for future projects (Learning Management System; Donor Management System).  • Participated in RFI/RFP activities for vendor software selection.  • Organized and facilitated system testing.  • Reported status of each project regularly to C-level management.    Member of Custom Website SCRUM Team - Web Portal/Multi-system Integration Project  • Project ran in tandem with the NetSuite implementation; NetSuite solution was dependent on successful completion/launch of this project.  • Developed and managed the Project Schedule.  • Gathered and documented Process Requirements.  • Wrote User Stories.  • Designed Wire Frames for display pages and forms.  • Researched and documented: Access/Decision/Trigger Actions per web page and form.  • Wrote Test Cases and Training Documentation. IT Project Manager - Contractor Manufacturer ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS - Indianapolis, IN October 2011 to April 2012 ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS: IT Project Manager - Contractor Manufacturer of equipment and reagents for research and medical diagnostic applications (Diabetes Care). Indianapolis, IN Oct. 2011- April 2012    Led Multiple IT Projects Concurrently within the Cross Applications & Business Intelligence Solution Center ( project budgets $75K-350K+)  • Project lead for cross-functional manufacturing and IT project resources implementing MES Manufacturing & SAP/PI communication enhancement activity. ($300K+ budget)  • Project lead for Document Change Request process improvements using SharePoint.  • Project lead for Diabetes Care Creative Marketing Services project to improve creative project documentation, creative project workflow and creative project reporting. Managed 3rd-party vendor: employed SharePoint, Project Web Access and Project Server  • Managed project budgets, 3rd party contractors hours/invoices, deliverables, project schedules, risks, roll-out plans, system testing, UAT, project close-out  • Led Steering Committee meetings (director-level) and weekly project and technical team status meetings.  • Facilitated requirements gathering meetings as necessary.  • Followed Roche Diagnostics proprietary project management processes requiring strict adherence to FDA and HIPAA computer system validation policies. Sr. Project Manager DECISION ANALYTICS - Carmel, IN June 2008 to September 2010 Provider of information, analytical and marketing services to organizations and consumers to help manage the risk and reward of commercial and financial decisions. (1,000+ employees)    Led and directed concurrent complex implementations/installations of:  • CRM commercial credit, client management and portfolio management loan origination software (SaaS) with custom development in Application Service Provider (ASP) and client-hosted environments. (8+ implementations at same time).  • Project teams were local and remote.  • Led on-site, client-facing project kick-offs.  • Managed requirements, SOW's, risks, Change Requests, UAT documentation, data migration, and go-live activities.  • Developed prospect-facing documents to enhance sales team presentations, resulting in heightened prospect understanding of multi-module implementations.  • Developed standards for Client Resource Allocations resulting in more accurately committed client project teams.  • Led creation and enhancement of reporting tools for performance measurement against project objectives.  • Led creation and documentation of project processes and policies, improving business practices within Decision Analytics Carmel, Indiana. Contractor ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS - Indianapolis, IN October 2007 to April 2008 Member of Customer Master Data Team (1,000+ employees)  • Team responsible for implementing global standardization numbering sequence in SAP environment for 47,000 Sold-to and Payer accounts. Specifically responsible for updating contracts to meet standardization. Project Manager Account Services BRANDLOGIX - Indianapolis, IN August 2003 to May 2004 Managed client projects for local, state and national advertising/marketing accounts  • Project Lead for State of Indiana Department of Health Folic Acid Campaign, including the RFP marketing strategy plan, budget, presentation and deployment.  • Project lead to develop two e-commerce web sites. Media Director GRAY, MILLER, MITSCH ADVERTISING - Indianapolis, IN July 1990 to August 1992 Director of advertising agency media department operations  • Directed annual print and broadcast media recommendations and presentations to clients; media buying activities with $1.5 million budget. Education BA in Music Therapy Colorado State University - Fort Collins, CO MBA in Economics, Business Butler University - Indianapolis, IN Business Law Indiana University Purdue University - Indianapolis, IN Marketing University of Houston - Houston, TX Business Houston Community College - Houston, TX Skills Outlook, Word, Estimating, Microsoft Project, Scheduling, budget Certifications/Licenses PMP and CSM