Photographer Photographer Photographer - All Digital Studios Lakewood, CO To apply my photography, managerial, IT, and operational skills to a dynamic, growing company. Work Experience Photographer All Digital Studios - Lafayette, CO April 2019 to Present Responsibilities: Be on time to prepare for shoot, Provide clients with best experience and quality possible, Acquire any information to provide client with desired photos, Professionally shoot event/product.  Accomplishments: Provided quality and professional photos to happy clients. Operations Manager/Photographer Mihi Entertainment - Lakewood, CO 2018 to Present Photographer responsibilities: Lead Photographer, Be on time to prepare for shoot and provide client with with best experience possible, Contact client and acquire pertinent information for a quality shoot, assist client in whatever needed to get best quality possible, shoot event/product  Responsibilities for operations: Equipment Preparation, Configure software for event, Attendant Pick Up/Support, Scheduling times for attendant to pick up equipment/receive training on anything required, Staff training, Post Event Receiving, Inventory Management, Tech support at events, Lead Operations Meetings.  Accomplishments: Met all deadlines and managed large portion of a dynamic and growing entertainment business. Provided quality and professional photos to happy clients. Sales/ Project management Home Advisor - Golden, CO 2016 to 2018 Responsibilities: Contacting warm leads, engaged in consultative conversations with business owners, gathering information to effectively meet client needs, CRM management, Closing sales, following up with clients and maintaining client relationships.  Accomplishments: Met all deadlines given, met/exceeded sales quota.  Skills Used: Strong communication skills, Strong computer skills, Windows, software, salesforce, CRM, problem solving ability. IT and Operations Albano's Concrete Designs - Parker, CO 2015 to 2017 Parker, CO - 2015 to 2017  Parker, CO Sold jobs, Fixed, updated, and maintained website and Social Media accounts. Implemented marketing strategies to drive client acquisition, answered client inquiries and coordinated meetings with potential clients. Led and assisted small crew during installation, repairing, and refinishing tile, stone, and concrete surfaces for both residential and commercial projects. Building Consultant/ IT Armstrong Steel Corp - Greenwood Village, CO 2015 to 2016 Responsibilities: Contacting warm leads, engaging in consultative conversations with business owners and individual buyers, maintaining books and keeping client records up to date, gathering information to effectively meet client needs, CRM management, Closing sales, following up with clients and maintaining client relationships ---kiosk management and development, installed software, built and maintained hardware, remotely configured OS and software, troubleshooting, Linux and Windows based systems, built and implemented network processes, end to end implementation of processes.  Accomplishments: Met all deadlines given, met/exceeded sales quota  Skills Used: Strong communication skills, Strong computer skills, Windows, software, salesforce, CRM, problem solving ability.  IT/operations IT Director HLP1 LLC January 2013 to November 2013 January 2013 to November 2013  Effectively set up network for over 70 work stations including, but not limited to, ordering and installing all hardware and software, running network cable for PC stations and phones, managing and performing daily maintenance within network, maintaining the FTP Server, utilizing SQL Server for databases, managing the dialer for the call center, maintaining the company website, company Outlook and web-based email accounts, and troubleshooting--both on site and remotely.  Created dialer campaigns, client sales reports and flat-files, as well as daily correspondence with clients on the corporate level.  Management/sales Manager Downtown Books - Craig, CO August 2011 to November 2012 Craig, CO Compiled client orders from start to finish, both in person and online, managed inventory, maintained online bookstore, website, and Social Media. Managed POS and generated sales reports using QuickBooks.  Coordinated in-store events from book-signings to political meet and greets through various marketing strategies. Planned and installed coffee bar within store, implemented marketing plan effectively generating business and revenue for the store, created specialty and custom beverages for guests. Education High school or equivalent Skills Photography, Lightroom, Adobe Premiere, Photoshop, Adobe