Senior IT Project Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> Irving, TX Experienced, certified agile project manager skilled and successful in driving large, complex efforts from conception to completion while helping ambitious organizations maximize the value of delivered products and services. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Allstate Insurance - Irving, TX October 2018 to Present - Manage and support the execution of multi-methodology (agile and waterfall) software development cycle (SDLC) projects within a Fortune 100 organization.    - Lead state roll-outs of Allstate's innovative user based insurance (UBI) products Milewise and Driverwise.    - Successfully identified and outlined dependencies among 58 global, cross-functional teams (scrum, XP, kanban, waterfall) with 130+ members at a program level.    - Manage and coordinate up to 58 global, cross-functional teams     - Monitor schedule.    - Collaborate with teams to solve issues.    - Conduct status meetings and manage stakeholder engagement. Project Manager - Consultant Apex Assistance - Pensacola, FL May 2013 to October 2018 - Utilized adaptive agile and waterfall principles and best practices to oversee and guide the initiation, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing of projects.      - Employed agile methodologies to provide information technology ( IT) solutions for industries including logistics and supply chain, manufacturing, science laboratory, newspaper, e-commerce, and education.      - Directed and led the entire software development cycle of custom corporate enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and line of balances (LOBs) for Energy Hardware LLC, a global distribution supplier for General Electric, which manage the tracking, supply and demand forecasting, and planning of over $11M of 4, 000 unique inventory items.      - Developed advertising scheduling software for Weatherford Newspaper company.      - Collected user stories, business requirements, and defined scope.      - Identified risks, planned risk management, and generated contingency responses.      - Release planning      - Teacher and training coach for Management Professional (PMP) certification courses based on the Project Management Body of Knowledge (PMBOK) 6th edition. Technician IV Florida Dept. of Agriculture & Consumer Svcs - Tallahassee, FL May 2010 to May 2013 - Managed petroleum-based fuel testing projects for the state of Florida.    - Assisted with the implementation and testing of newly developed Laboratory Information Management System (LIMs).    - Utilized international standards testing methods, adhered to strict quality control guidelines (ISO/ASTM).     - Monitored and controlled project work and quality. Education Master's in Business Administration Capella University 2019 to Present Bachelor's University of Florida - Gainesville, FL June 2005 to May 2009 Skills Microsoft: Excel,Word, Project, PowerPoint, Supply Chain Management, Project Management, PMP, PM, Waterfall, Information Technology, SDLC, JIRA, Scrum Framework, Scrum Master, Software Development, Scrum, Agile Scrum, Certified Scrum Master, CSM Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional PMP® Professional Scrum Master (PSM) Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP)