Senior IT Project Manager, Scrum Master Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span>, Scrum Master Agile Program Manager La Mirada, CA I am a "people" person, and that's ultimately what work should be about - people. Making products better, faster, easier to use - for people. Humans. Not numbers.    I've got a deep enthusiasm for being a never-ending learner. I love new ideas, grand master plans, culture, tech, and just about anything with carne asada.    As a scrum master, product manager, project leader (or any other sort of corporately named "lead"), I keep teams focused and deliver success by being open, adaptable and (most importantly) empathetic. Constructive criticism and transparency are something that cannot be skipped. I own the product lifecycle from initial concept to delivery, and I bridge the gap between technical and non-technical team members - because everyone deserves to comprehend what's going on in a language that they understand. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior IT Project Manager, Scrum Master AAA - Costa Mesa, CA April 2018 to Present Senior agile leader of Application Development IT initiatives, mainly involving data warehousing, delivery, and reporting. Worked directly with executives and key stakeholders to facilitate business requests and lead technical work. Designed architecture to create customized data solutions to solve business needs, then lead projects to delivery.     Key Contributions:  • ? Led & implemented $380k Business Intelligence project to automate 20+ Insurance Claims Experience reports in Tableau, with an 85% speed increase in report deliverability  • ? Designed a new system architecture that allowed 66% faster delivery of data for customer satisfaction surveys. The project improved a 3-day batch extract to a real-time solution with editable business rules (via IBM's ODM) which affects an estimated $37 million in employee commissions annually  • ? Led agile workshops to coach/mentor newly-formed scrum teams in areas such as ceremonies, artifacts, JIRA, technical architecture, user stories, and forming communities of practice.  • ? Scrum Master of 2 cross-functional Insurance software product teams that provide insurance underwriting & actuarial services such as rate changes, predictive analytics, risk selection, quoting systems and online binding.  • ? Responsibilities include presenting at executive steering committees, prioritizing & planning IT work, creating roadmaps & plans, defining requirements, hosting demos, networking with business users and being the voice of the business to the IT department. Program Manager, SAE Alliance Data - Costa Mesa, CA August 2017 to March 2018 Program Manager of quarterly Honda National Seasonal Service B2C software projects. Led agile teams of up to 20 development, production, design, QA & client services professionals in all SDLC phases of custom Software-as-a-Service product solutions on behalf of American Honda Automobiles.    Key Contributions:  • ? Launched, maintained and enhanced custom SaaS products resulting in an average $122 million in gross revenue per quarter  • ? Main product managed was a massive national data-driven marketing SaaS program that contacted nearly 2,000,000 customers per quarter.  • ? Worked directly with client, business users and marketers to gather requirements, implement feature requests and maintain an in-house custom enterprise SaaS web portal (HondaLCC.com).  • ? Instrumental in the creation and launch of a targeted digital marketing program that reached over 400,000 customers and raised conversions by 25%.  • ? Leader and owner of the Honda National Seasonal Service Program success and development. Project Manager Global Database Marketing - Scottsdale, AZ April 2014 to August 2017 Managed technical projects using Kanban methodology through all phases of the software development life cycle, including requirements gathering, risk analysis, project planning, scheduling, testing, defect tracking, management, and reporting. Worked directly as the sole company contact to translate business requests to technical solutions.    Key Contributions:  • ? Launched an Enterprise data-mining SaaS marketing product that increased conversions by over 30%.  • ? Managed several $1M+ national marketing projects, including building custom digital solutions (data-mining SaaS for Enterprise), web portals (SQL, Java), market analytics reporting and the deployment of marketing campaigns.  • ? Developed custom technical solutions to create a data-driven SaaS program that guaranteed a closing ratio of 20 conversions (vehicles sold) per 10,000 marketing messages sent monthly. Sales Representative Verizon Wireless - Scottsdale, AZ February 2013 to March 2014 Provided creative solutions within retail stores regarding customer inquiries; functioning in several roles from consulting, technical support, customer service, troubleshooting, and quality control.    • ? Interviewed, gathered responses and analyzed feedback from users of Verizon's suite of products (mainly wireless) to report to upper management to create new marketing funnels and identify customer needs.  • ? Developed localized product marketing plans with upper retail management to identify new business prospects that were a good fit for Verizon’s products. Aided in creating marketing strategies for existing accounts to renew plans.  • ? Created sales presentations & led in-store customer workshops. Utilized the workshops to create user feedback stories to train and learn about the main issues/complaints customers had at retail locations. Education BA in Communication, Business Management Wichita State University - Wichita, KS Skills Project Management, Agile, Excel (Advanced), JIRA, Agile Coaching, Product Development, IT Project Management, Scrum Master, CSM, Agile Scrum, Scrum, Kanban, Certified Scrum Master Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/brettwyrick Certifications/Licenses Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) September 2017 to September 2019 Attended CSM class with Mark C. Layton (Platinum Edge), author of "Scrum for Dummies" and "Agile Project Management for Dummies".    Certificant ID: 000693012 Certified SAFe Agilist (SA) May 2019 Key areas of competency include the application of Lean-Agile principles, execution and release of value through Agile Release Trains (ARTs), and building an Agile portfolio with Lean-Agile budgeting.    Digital Certification badge: https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/ca146a7d-db2b-4d82-bf08-7ee7bcebea9e/ Groups ScrumAlliance September 2017 to Present Additional Information Highly trained in Jira and Jira administration. Currently leading IT-wide implementation of JIRA & Jira Portfolio, alongside automation and testing tools for DevOps (CI/CD).