IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Manager - OpEx, CapEx and Recovery Collingswood, NJ Work Experience IT Manager OpEx, CapEx and Recovery 2016 to Present Direct the engineering and operations related to personal computers, mobile devices, software distribution and configuration management. Develop goals and objectives, monitor progress, and coach/train a team of 10 technical professionals including two Project Managers, who are responsible for setting the global direction across key disciplines, engineering new and innovative solutions to drive business forward, maintaining legacy toolsets and continuing to drive standardization of tools around the globe. Report directly to the VP of IT Global Infrastructure and IT Operations. Manage and oversee 25K PC's globally, including building virtual desktop teams.  Key Accomplishments  • Manage $70M in IT infrastructure budgets (OpEx, CapEx and Recovery) across the global end user computing platforms.  • Maintain health of global device management tools environment.  • Partner with architecture and infrastructure teams to develop and implement three to five-year strategies for engineering and operations of PC's, mobile devices, software distribution and configuration management.  • Manage a 10-person team of Device Engineers and Analysts which includes creating goals and development plans, tracking progress and providing feedback, and developing career plans.  • Remain updated on industry trends, develop proposals, gather senior support, introduce new tools and maintain existing tools to ensure end-user satisfaction.  • Partner with business teams to understand business objectives and work with IT teams to translate those objectives into enabling programs and projects designed to drive value to the organization.  • Own and manage all IT Service Management (ITSM) tools including PC Cloud backup, application packaging and deployment, security tools (Symantec antivirus, desktop firewall, MBAM (disk encryption), Avecto (PAM), Forcepoint (web filtering), GPO and end point management tools such as SCCM, AirWatch, Google admin console, Apple DEP&VPP and Samsung KNOX.  • Develop and implement end-point security policies across all lines of business globally to 25K PC's and 8K mobile devices.  • Implement improved processes to drive timelines, reduce costs and ensure a smooth implementation of projects. ARAMARK 2009 to Present IT Infrastructure Project Manager OneDrive, and servicing process with SCCM 2014 to 2016 Designed and developed IT architecture solutions to business problems. Managed all technical planning, architecture development and modification of specifications, and owned the process of gathering specifications for new products/services, applications and service offerings. Assessed the compatibility and integration of products/services proposed as standards to ensure an integrated architecture across inter-dependent technologies.  Key Accomplishments  • Successfully managed the build out of the modern device agnostic global Windows 10 image, which included several security enhancements and construction of bi-annual servicing rings to minimize impact to business during upgrading.  • Built team and implemented MDM (AirWatch) to manage 8K+ project-based tablets and smart phones Built business case, managed budget, and created a recovery process to fund an additional full-time employee.  • Developed and oversaw global rollout of Office 365 including ProPlus, OneDrive, and servicing process with SCCM.  • Owned application packaging and deployment process for more than 22K devices across the US and Canada, managed team to ensure timely deployments, change management, and support was handled, minimizing disruption to the business.  • Retired 1K tablets from Mobile Iron on premises and cloud base system. Stood up Symantec MDM, realizing a savings of $70K annually.  • Created team accountability around application deployments and implemented a weekly deployment meeting for team members to be assigned and updated on status of progress.  • Led efforts around Aramark's re-branding application project, drove team to use time to evaluate 600+ applications, and cleaned up outdated applications to create a comprehensive application portfolio.  • Led team's 2015 project status meeting on a monthly basis by monitoring timeline, and tracking resources/change management. Senior Technical Analyst/ Project Lead 2009 to 2014 Manage the scoping and testing documenting hardware for use with POS, PMS, loyalty, gift cards, and interfacing applications. Lead Operational Readiness Reviews (ORR) with all key stakeholders and upper management before pilot and production stages of new initiatives. Oversee compliance for PCI (Payment Care Industry) for over 200 universities and conference centers. Streamline yearly PCI Audit form for line managers. Ensure the integration of hardware and software for POS, mobile, and E-Commerce. Maintain IT lab for development and QA (Windows 2003 network with active directory, IIS, VMWare, SQL). Mentor new team members. Plan and implement POS computer and network installation project plans for colleges and universities, hotels, and corporations in the U.S. and Canada. Deliver technical support for POS equipment including networking and peripheral related devices. Oversee vendors for development and deployment of new software and interfacing devices. Supply weekly/daily status reports for all LOB's and applications being packaged.  Key Accomplishments  • Achieved two CIO Award for Excellence in Information Technology for project management processes used around Mobile POS and for POS/PMS implementation under aggressive time frames.  • Served as Subject Matter Expert with the internal development team and micros in the creation of ROS (Relay Ordering Service) for integrated on-line ordering and reporting enterprise Symphony system.  • Successfully installed multiple high-profile POS/PMS across U.S. and Canada.  • Designed and maintained standard Windows 2008 R2 images with having Micros Opera and Northwind Maestro certified standardization of the in-house images.  • Implemented and supported Property Management Systems (PMS) installations and upgrades with Micros Opera and Northwind Maestro. Project Manager/Conversion Engineer TD BANK - Mount Laurel, NJ February 2009 to October 2009 Ensured the project schedule was updated throughout the work request lifecycle. Oversaw the change controls for changes in application requirements, deliverables, and dates. Conducted analysis of the packaging and distribution requirements for the business lines. Partnered with each line of business to determine and document application requirements.  Key Accomplishments:  • Initiated risk and issue identification during work lifecycle. Escalated issues for project integrations to customers/leadership.  • Led all of the applications for LOB's within the set of requirements through gathering, packaging, testing, delivery scheduling, software distribution and Day 1 Support.  • Supervised and submitted integration requests for 3 LOB's and special projects on any cross-organization application requests needed from TD Bank to Commerce Bank or vice versa.    Brandywine Realty Trust, Radnor, PA / Mt. Laurel, NJ - Senior Desktop Engineer  EDS, Voorhees, NJ / Philadelphia, P - Infrastructure Support  Towers Perrin, Voorhees, NJ - Desk Side Support