Project Manager <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> Project Manager Work Experience Project Manager Insight Global - Nashville, TN October 2018 to January 2019 • Coordination of internal resources and third-party vendors for the execution of multiple business, clinical, and cloud-based software projects.  • Engaged clients to identify key business requirements priorities and product timelines.  • Hold regular status meetings, document and communicate project progress to all communication channels.  • Collaborated with multiple teams including IT and Business to maintain good business relationships and practices.  • Compile and maintain deliverable repositories for project documents and best practices.  • Track and provide reporting regarding scope, progress, risks and issues.  • Acts as the point of effective control over coordination, communication, escalation, and follow up for issues.  • Maintained budget, timelines, and resource tracking for major projects. Project Manager Ettain Group - Nashville, TN November 2017 to October 2018 • Provide oversight, project management, and single point of contact for the technical aspects of EMR implementation of MedHost.  • Facilitate new customer kick off meetings for the purposes of gathering requirements, timeline planning, understanding dependencies, and discovery.  • Create and maintain detailed project plans in association with written documentation.  • Continuously monitor progress in terms of the status of the project and report back to internal management and subject matter team members and the customer using weekly status reports.  • Lead the coordination of hardware procurement, testing of software and systems integration, activation and deployment of on-premise and cloud-based software solutions.  • Assist with escalated customer issues and project issues as identified or requested by the customer through direct support or through the support of the Community Health Systems subject matter experts assigned to the project.  • Provide communication and timely work progress across key stakeholders, including risk management.  • Facilitate Post Implementation Review meetings with customers. Project Manager Tempus Tech - Nolensville, TN March 2017 to November 2017 • Design, create, and lead project plans for long-term and short-term enterprise initiatives, focusing on evaluating the effectiveness of various programs, strategies, and policies.  • Communicates across the organization to internal and external stakeholders in key business areas.  • Collaborated with development teams, QA teams, and contribute to the overall success of the project.  • Ensure Point of Sale software and hardware are implemented and delivered to client as designed.  • Worked with internal and external teams to prioritizing items on product backlog.  • Identification and management of any risk or issues. Sr. Business Analyst Ettain Group - Nashville, TN June 2016 to March 2017 • Provide direct involvement in the design, build, implementation and support of the Cerner modules.  • Implement solution design decisions and assume responsibility for Cerner Registration/Scheduling/PAS implementation.  • Function as a liaison to client departmental/functional resource dedicated to data collection and system design.  • Work with the departmental/functional team to develop and execute unit and system test scripts.  • Collaborated with teams to manage developing documentation, controlling procedure, software configuration, and training materials for assigned business processes and jobs.  • Participate as an Integration Testing and go-live team member. IT Services Sr. Spec Cigna - Nashville, TN August 2015 to January 2016 • Serves as a departmental functional resource to client, development management and staff in all matters related to the financial portions of Third-Party Management.  • Collaborate with IT Finance Team in operational reviews as needed for software and hardware maintenance and license budget.  • Ensures Risk Analysis with Business Impact and support is provided in onboarding process of new Third-Parties.  • Provides input as required during Third-Party contract/SOW/SLA reviews.  • Validate business documentation such as proposals, contracts and vendor quotes as required to ensure financial accuracy.  • Work with business stakeholders to define business needs during project intake process. Operations Project Manager Ettain Group - Franklin, TN May 2015 to August 2015 • Implementation of agreed Kronos Analytics scheduling and productivity standards across the organization.  • Manage resource assignment, work allocation and software and hardware requirements for Kronos Analytics project.  • Ensure project execution within defined budget and timelines.  • Track, monitor and control expense based on budgetary guidelines.  • Communicated status update, issue and risks on a bi-weekly basis to senior leadership.  • Worked with Operations and Information Technology departments to provide deliverables to Kronos Project Team. Project Business Analyst Ettain Group - Franklin, TN July 2013 to March 2015 • Gathers and evaluate business requirements from clients, internal users and other sources to create detailed specifications.  • Effectively communicates relevant project information to Managers, Directors, and Business Partners.  • Plan and schedule project deliverables and milestones for level 1applications.  • Act as a liaison with core vendors, analyzing and resolving any gaps or conflicts in facility inventories.  • Coached and trained 7 Business Analyst on Tier 2 products and inventory calls.  • Coordinate and assist with product testing and deployment of application.  • Perform financial and clinical data mapping and analysis.  • Assist lead Project Manager with setting timelines for ICD-10 Tier 1 & 2 applications. Education M Ed in Education Middle Tennessee State University Skills Ms project, Visio, Sharepoint, Web server, Ms office