Solution Manager Solution <span class="hl">Manager</span> Solution Manager - DELOITTE Work Experience Solution Manager DELOITTE - Lake Mary, FL June 2018 to Present Apply project management & control methodologies, tools and processes to plan, track and monitor project progress from initiation through implementation to ensure successful delivery of products and/or services within timeline, budget, scope  (value) and quality (performance).  * Ensure resources are secured at a project level by working with Business Unit, Information Technology management and/or third-party vendors.  * Identify appropriate resources needed, assemble project team, assign individual responsibilities, and develop schedules to ensure timely completion of project.  * Coordinate and manage vendors to ensure deliverables meet timeline, scope of work and quality/performance standards, all  within contract budget.  * Ensure the creation, accuracy, thoroughness and quality of all project artifacts (i.e. Project Charter, requirements, metrics  monitoring (budget, time and scope), presentations, estimates, test plan/cases, risk mitigation, work plans, change  requests, reports, change management and project closing deliverables) through stakeholder and toll-gate approval.  * Ensure appropriate and detailed project work plans are in place for all projects. Regularly review progress to ensure that  projects are on schedule and within budget.  * Facilitate effective and efficient meetings with stakeholders, monitor issues and assign follows-up action items with owner  and timeline.  * Identify, document, communicate, and mitigate risks and issues providing management information of progress and escalating when deemed appropriate.  * Develop and distribute weekly project status reports to stakeholders.  * Deliver informative and well-organized presentations and briefings to management.  * Develop and maintain interdepartmental and key focus area relationships and partnerships.  * Provide general leadership, guidance, and support to team members to collaborate, give feedback, develop plans, and reach  team and individual goals.  * Assist with long-term strategic planning for the team and unit.  * Provide timely and accurate documentation of projects.  * Deliver all reports required by senior management concerning project management initiatives.  * Maintain accurate project budget and / or financial tracking.  * Assist in the day-to-day operation of the Project Management Office.  * Management of approved program/ project through the lifecycle, including change requests, issues management, risk  management, and status reporting  * Coordinate with all stakeholders and dependent projects to develop detailed program schedule or agile release plans.  * Monitor all program projects for consolidation reporting to Senior leadership and Stakeholders.  * Proactively identify opportunities for operations/ project management process improvement    2 Senior IT Project Manager CURASCRIPT SD - Lake Mary, FL April 2017 to May 2018 Manage IT projects and team of engineers, software application developers, business analysts, UI/UX designers, and quality  assurance team members from inception to delivery, ensuring technology solutions support business strategy and growth.  * Document and present roadmap and implementation plans, current progress, testing results, and acceptance to Product  Owner, Stakeholders and Senior Executives.  * Proactively identify opportunities for operations/ project management process improvement and develop standardized  solutions for the field organization with a focus on consistency, accuracy, reliability and excellence.  * Coach, mentor, and motivate team members, influencing them to take positive action and accountability for assigned work.  * Collaborate on and ensure the accuracy and efficient management and execution of backlog and fulfillment of customer  needs. Assist with the development, comprehension and use of backlog (WIP) reports and other intelligence essential to the operations/ project management organization. Recommend revisions to existing reports or assists in the development of new  reporting tools as needed.  * Utilize an Agile type delivery model (SAFe) for a very collaborative, open and rapid interaction for continuous delivery  pipeline of business objectives through technology execution.  * Collaborate with product owners and stakeholder to plan and prioritize software deliveries, assembling Agile releases and overall product roadmap plans.  * Work with stakeholders in the business while grooming product backlog to identify and define the next opportunities and drive a game changing strategy, driven by technology, to deliver those opportunities.  * Collaborate with finance team members and field leaders on revenue forecasting, planning, and budgeting processes used  within the operations/ project management organization.  * Proactively monitor and strive to maintain high levels of quality, accuracy, and process consistency in the operations/ project  management organization's planning efforts. Understand technical architectures, capacity plans, tools requirements, automation plans, and product implementation plans and other deliverables.  * Direct appropriate and timely written communications with all project team members, department managers, customers, and IT management throughout the life of the project, through effective use of project information reports, team meeting  notes, project GANTT charts, risk registers, issue logs. Manager, Project Management Office COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH SERVICES - Cape Canaveral, FL April 2016 to April 2017 Responsible for the overall Project Management functions, providing leadership, coordination and management of the PMO  processes and functions as well as supporting project managers, facilitating approval for project management deliverables, and managing project management processes.  * Developed PMO mission, vision, and objectives; Instituted PMO policies & procedures, standards, and framework.  * Instituted and managed the PMO process implementation procedures and ensured that information concerning content  (e.g., deliverables, risks, issues) was available, visible and communicated to and from sponsors.  * Served as a conduit for communication between project managers and the IT executives making strategic decisions for enterprise-wide projects.  * Worked in in partnership with clients to help meet a satisfactory level of customer satisfaction, thus driving increased client  retention and encouraging proactive more successful business ventures.  * Proactively involved in improving the consistency, predictability and efficiency of the organization project delivery capability.  * Provide leadership in PMO best practices and highly customer-focused format -- outward and upward and that these are  consistent with customer expectations.  * Ensure that the operational issues of the PMO are managed, focusing on the project interface with project leaders, project  teams, technology and interface issues.  * Oversaw projects costs and ensured they were well managed, monitoring profit and cost sheets for each project, and ascertaining that payment collections were performed efficiently and timely from a project management standpoint.  * Lead a team of Project Managers that function as a service to IT and the business; facilitate alignment of project pipeline  and IT resources to ensure on-time, on-budget, with high quality, predictable project execution.  * Developed and ensured Quality Control practice and procedures, quality training, planning and strategy.  * Ensure Risk strategy awareness, management, and training for the relevant employees, project managers, departments  heads including risk assessment strategy and policies for the overall organization. Senior IT Project Manager ORLANDO HEALTH - Orlando, FL March 2015 to April 2016 * Accountable for delivering projects on time, within scope, and within budget and to the satisfaction of the customer.  * Developed communication plan, Stakeholder Analysis RACI; established regularly scheduled meetings with Business Sponsor, Vendor and core team members; preparation of weekly status report to management in accordance with established  procedures.  * Collaborate with Product Management to balance product vision and voice of customer in order to recommend and deliver  best-in-class solutions.  * Work closely with Business Analyst to ensure that all documentation accurately reflects client needs and is clearly defined for Development and QA teams (i.e. business requirements, user stories, wireframes, functional specifications, test plans, etc.).    3    * Utilize CA Clarity for budget tracking, resource planning, project and portfolio management, team time tracking and reporting.  * Prepared detailed project plans, strategies and project management plan for the implementation of an engagement within the standards of project management methodologies.  * Communicate to all concerned parties project milestones, status updates, as well as any existing or potential customer  escalation issues; Proactively followed escalation and change control processes.  * Baseline project cost plan, monitor actual costs spent to date, ensure cost expenditures do not exceed authorized funding, monitor work performance against funds expended.  * Direct appropriate and timely written communications with all project team members, department managers, customers, and IT management throughout the life of the project, through effective use of project information reports, team meeting  notes, project GANTT charts, risk registers, issue logs.  * Proactively identify and communicate potential problems, issues and solutions to IT Leadership team members as appropriate. Proactively identify alternatives and recommend / implement solutions as appropriate.  * Development and delivery of informal training to other Project Managers; assist PMO Director in additions and modifications  to methodology process, procedure, and templates as well as updates to PMO SharePoint site. Senior IT Project Manager - Contractor DISNEY - Orlando, FL October 2014 to March 2015 * Gather requirements, create and clearly articulate detailed project plans within Agile methodology framework.  * Plan and schedule project deliverables, goals, and milestones through sprint planning and creation of product backlog.  * Daily sprint meetings with development team to discuss what was completed, what is next to be worked on, and assist in resolving any roadblocks.  * Sprint reviews held to demonstrate the working product created during the sprint to the product stakeholders.  * Track and manage tasks and metrics to articulate project status and success using JIRA.  * Manage budget and communicate current project status to key stakeholders.  * Hold internal staff and third-party vendors accountable for deliverables.  * Ensure deadlines are met on schedule and within scope. Senior IT Project Manager - Contractor EXPRESS SCRIPTS - Orlando, FL November 2012 to October 2014 Plan, lead and manage a portfolio of IT Business Solution projects to ensure goals and objectives of each project are  accomplished within prescribed time frames and budgets.  * Assist PMO with implementation and utilization of CA Clarity features and functionality for budget tracking, resource  planning, project and portfolio management, team time tracking and reporting; champion use of Clarity; assist in Clarity  training  * Own the customer relationship function as primary point of contact during implementation and maintain position as trusted  advisor to clients.  * Ensure appropriate and detailed project work plans are in place for all projects. Regularly review progress to ensure that  projects are on schedule and within budget.  * Direct appropriate and timely written communications with all project team members, department managers, customers, and IT management throughout the life of the project, through effective use of project information reports, team meeting  notes, project GANTT charts, risk registers, issue logs.  * Coach, mentor, and motivate team members, influencing them to take positive action and accountability for assigned work.  * Effectively communicate with stakeholders about system problems and issues to ensure effective prioritization and closure. Ensure issues are analyzed, discussed and resolved in a timely manner. Identify risk mitigation steps and  recommend actions to address project issues. Ensure risks and issues are managed to closure.  * Monitor project performance, including all changes to baseline data, change management, activity progress with status  details, and the list of complete and incomplete deliverables, activities initiated and finished, estimated time to completion, resource utilization data, changes to project scope.  * Project Management Office: Assist with PMO establishment of policies & procedures, standards, framework; ensure that  latest quality standards are followed and enforced within the organization; Identify opportunities where the PMO can  support ongoing improvement in project management; Partner with PMO in implementation of additional features of CA  Clarity for support of Program and Portfolio management, resource management, budget and forecasting, reporting and dashboards.  Key Projects:  • Lead large scale, lean six sigma systems integration and alignment projects saving over $3M annually  • Program Manager responsible for $7.5M enterprise-wide project IT initiative, including 6 Project Managers, 100+ team  members, crossing seven company verticals Senior IT Project Manager - Contractor WYNDHAM VACATION OWNERSHIP - Orlando, FL November 2011 to November 2012 * Accountable for delivering projects on time, within budget and to the satisfaction of the customer.    4    * Developed communication plan, Stakeholder Analysis RACI; established regularly scheduled meetings with Business Sponsor, Vendor and core team members; preparation of weekly status report to management in accordance with established  procedures.  * Served as liaison between customers and management to ensure customer programmatic requirements, cost and schedule  are maintained.  * Prepared detailed project plans, strategies and project management plan for the implementation of an engagement within the standards of project management methodologies.  * Prepared, maintained and submitted clear & concise activity/progress reports and time recording with management reports  in accordance with published procedures.  * Communicated to all concerned parties project milestones, status updates, as well as any existing or potential customer  escalation issues; Identify risk mitigation steps and recommend actions to address project issues. Ensure risks and issues  are managed to closure.  * Proactively follow escalation and change control processes; overall ownership of all management reports on a given  engagement.  * Baseline project cost plan, monitor actual costs spent to date, ensure cost expenditures do not exceed authorized funding, monitor work performance against funds expended.  * Direct appropriate and timely written communications with all project team members, department managers, customers, and IT management throughout the life of the project, through effective use of project information reports, team meeting  notes, project GANTT charts, risk registers, issue logs.  * Work closely with key stakeholders and other project team members to ensure that functional requirements and technical  design specifications are prioritized, detailed and complete.    Key Projects:  • PCI Network Segmentation - Infrastructure  • PeopleSoft Consolidation & Upgrade - Financials  • Data Warehouse - SAS for Business Intelligence and Data Management for Sales & Marketing  • Customer Relations Management - Telecom Call Recording and Call Reporting Senior Program Manager UNIVERSAL ORLANDO - Orlando, FL May 2010 to November 2011 * Coordinate the process and the execution of the project across the Creative Development and Production, Technology and Business Development teams.  * Coordinate all efforts across the three areas (Creative Development and Production, Technology and Business Development)  * Manage the full lifecycle of projects from requirements through launch.  * Act as a single point of contact while building trusting relationships with stakeholders, third-party vendors, functional  managers and team members; adept at interacting with technical and non-technical people.  * Document the scope of work with help from functional leads; validate that scope can be completed within timeline and budget.  * Define project scope and objectives; Develop project plan, determine necessary resources and resource plan; Manage  project to meet critical milestones from inception through implementation.  * Communicate regularly, conduct project meetings, ensure adherence to quality standards, review and document project  deliverables and status reports; Confidently lead, motivate, influence and drive progress.  * Share knowledge, coach and mentor others in areas of expertise; development of project scorecards.  * Provide leadership to project teams through all phases of the project lifecycle, providing coaching, and also motivation.  * Assist with building a common set of practices, principles and templates for managing projects.  * Set standards on project execution, templates, and reporting as to budget, scope, schedule, resources, and risk; Standardize  how information is compiled and reported to management.    Key Project:  • Program Manager for the implementation of a highly complex, resort-wide gift card involving multiple system work streams  including the online web store, Gateway ticketing systems, all Food (Clarity) and Merchandise (JDA) point of sale systems, electronic payment implementation and integration at City Walk venues, as well at hotel partner properties (Loews) and third-  party vendors utilizing VeriFone units IT Operations Manager - Contractor VENDORLINK, LLC - Orlando, FL August 2009 to May 2010 Responsible for strategic program management, leadership and delivery of technologies within scope, goals and deliverables  that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.  * Identify client organization's structure, strengths and weaknesses, visions for the project through discovery sessions, assist  in determination of best solution, identify, collaborate and communicate potential implementation risks and mitigations.  * Partner with various technology and client groups to ensure the strategic project methodology is appropriately followed.  * Effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.    5    * Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals.  * Successfully instituted many of the Agile Project Management principles to gradually replace traditional aspects of project  management, conveyed concept and ideas through education, communication and actionable results.  * Requirements documented in smaller, stand-alone increments.  * Creation of product backlog, sprint planning, daily scrums, sprint reviews and retrospective.  * Encourage and support collaborative teamwork, open communication, cooperation and information exchange.  * Monitor project for focus and adherence to project vision, encourage members free flow of ideas.  * "inspect-and-adapt" approach to development greatly reduced development costs and time to market.  Key Project:  • New online vendor registration software and solicitation notification system, including administrative procurement and contract management, online bidding and reverse auctions  View at: http://www.mylinksystems.com/    Technology Summary  • CA Clarity PPM  • VersionOne  • MS Project  • MS PowerPoint  • SharePoint Administration  • SharePoint Developer  • InfoPath 2007  • MS Access  • MS Word  • MS Excel  • Oracle Database  • JIRA  • Version One  • VisualBasic.net  • ColdFusion  • HTML  • Crystal Reports  • Camtasia  • Macromedia Dreamweaver  • SQL Server  • JavaScript  • MS Visio Education Master's in Management Information University of Central Florida Bachelor's in Business University of Central Florida Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/diane-silvestri-pmp-mba-a32a7027