Country Manager Country <span class="hl">Manager</span> IT Project Manager Denver, CO Over 5 years of experience in the IT Industry including 3 years of IT Project Management experience. Strong technical background, with understanding of information technologies and hands-on experience in software development. Excellent organizational, attention to details and multi-tasking skills. Able and willing to take initiative and ownership of Projects. Constant learner. Always motivating others. Optimist with positive attitude. Fluent in English and Russian languages. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Country Manager Hokobo Inc. - San Francisco Bay Area, CA October 2018 to August 2019 ? Registered C-Corporation and prepared legal documentation for US company.  ? Performed Marketing research and detailed competitive analysis.  ? Developed Financial, Marketing and Operational Plans for US.  ? Designed website and product features.  ? Directed website development and services setup.  ? Established and maintained relationships with Vendors.  ? Collected and analysed data received from Vendors.  ? Performed Marketing operations - Email Marketing, SEO/SEA, Social Media, PR.  ? Performed accounting and finance duties using QuickBooks, including Payroll.  ? Recruited, trained and managed local and outsourced teams. Ops Program Manager Elm East LLC. - Sunnyvale, CA October 2017 to August 2018 ? Developed and organized programs to support strategic direction of organization.  ? Monitored progress to make sure milestones were met across projects and programs.  ? Created and managed programs timeline, budget and risks.  ? Prepared status reports by collecting and analyzing information on multiple projects.  ? Managed communications with all the stakeholders and third parties involved.  ? Initiated and implemented organization's operations policies and procedures.  ? Developed and maintained organization's documentation.  ? Worked closely with team in China, including traveling to China.  ? Established and maintained relationships with vendors.  ? Organized multiple company events, including international travel and conferences.  ? Attended multiple IT shows and conferences.  ? Atlassian Jira and Confluence Admin. IT Project Manager FriendFinder Networks Inc February 2016 to October 2017 ? Defined, delivered and supported IT projects.  ? Developed project's timelines and cost estimates.  ? Worked closely with stakeholders to gather requirements and resolve problems.  ? Coordinated resources across departments.  ? Developed, delivered and maintained project's documentation.  ? Monitored project's progress, made complex reports and client facing presentations.  ? Established and maintained relationships with third parties/vendors.  ? Developed and managed annual budget for IT projects.  ? Oversaw acquisition of resources and materials.  ? Arranged internal training, external conferences and traveling for the team.  ? Facilitated vendor's meetings, researched background information for the meetings.  ? Managed team's calendars and schedules. Quality Assurance Technician FriendFinder Networks Inc. - Campbell, CA February 2014 to February 2016 ? Established and evolved formal QA processes.  ? Developed, analyzed and executed test plans, test cases and acceptance scenarios.  ? Oversaw all aspects of QA including establishing metrics, applying best practices.  ? Acted as key point of contact for all QA aspects.  ? Analyzed payment systems integration using MySQL and admin tools.  ? Created and maintained test documentation, defined scope and objectives for testing.  ? Provided integration and usability testing of marketing tools and payment systems.  ? Ensured comprehensive test coverage by finding bugs, defects and verifying fixes.  ? Created and maintained documentation in Confluence.  ? Reported product quality metrics to stakeholders on a weekly basis.  ? Worked closely with developers to ensure integrity and technical quality of a product. Quality Assurance Engineer (Intern) Aeria Games - Santa Clara, CA September 2013 to February 2014 ? Tested multiple mobile game projects using iOS and Android OS mobile devices.  ? Performed functionality, regression, GUI, release acceptance and localization testing.  ? Participated in deployments using Jenkins and SVN.  ? Created QA documentation for the projects - Test Plans, Test Suites, Test Cases.  ? Submitted and tracked problem reports using JIRA bug-tracking system.  ? Participated in the product and release planning meetings as part of the Agile process. Education Bachelor's in Banking and Finance Baranovichi State University - Baranovichi, Belarus 2006 to 2011 Skills Information Technology, Project Management, Software Development Certifications/Licenses Project Management Practitioner - De Anza College, Cupertino 2016