Project Coordinator <span class="hl">Project</span> Coordinator Project Manager Lansdale, PA Work Experience Project Coordinator Coredial - Blue Bell, PA June 2018 to Present • Overseeing the Change Management process  • Adopting any delegation and use of project assurance roles within agreed reporting structures  • Assistance with preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans  • Manage team workflows and projects using JIRA and Smartsheets  • Monitoring overall progress and use of resources, initiating corrective action where necessary  • Applying change control and configuration management processes  • Reporting through agreed lines on project progress through highlight reports and end-stage assessments  • Liaison with appointed project assurance representatives to assure the overall direction and Integrity of the project  • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact  • Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  • Enhances department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments Project Leader Independence Blue Cross - Philadelphia, PA March 2017 to Present • Managing the production of the required deliverables  • Planning and monitoring the project  • Adopting any delegation and use of project assurance roles within agreed reporting structures  • Preparing and maintaining project, stage and exception plans as required  • Managing project risks, including the development of contingency plans  • Liaison with PMO and related projects to ensure that work is neither overlooked nor duplicated  • Monitoring overall progress and use of resources, initiating corrective action where necessary  • Applying change control and configuration management processes  • Reporting through agreed lines on project progress through highlight reports and end-stage assessments  • Liaison with appointed project assurance representatives to assure the overall direction and Integrity of the project  • Maintaining an awareness of potential interdependencies with other projects and their impact  • Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  • Enhances department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments IT Jr. Project Manager Epic EHR Project Temple University Health Systems February 2016 to October 2016 • Handled project-related activities independently and coordinated project deliverables  • Communicated project plan to team members through meetings and presentations  • Coordinated conferences, group meetings, and audio-visual equipment  • Assisted in drafting project schedules, cost estimate, and deliverables  • Worked with project team members and project managers and developed strategic project management plans  • Assisted in budget preparation for IT operations and invoices  • Created project documents, status reports, and monitored project progress  • Perform client management and define guidelines and policies for IT projects  • Coordinate with project manager and guide software designers and programmers in accomplishing projects objectives  • Apply logics and analysis in directing and executing project operations  • Monitor the entire phases of project cycle and ensure quality and outstanding performance of products  • Prepare project calendars and modify schedules as necessary  • Report project status to clients and the management from time to time  • Perform staff performance evaluations and participate in project meetings and review IT products  • Assisted with Go-Live processes and procedures  • Performed TDR (Technical Dress Rehearsal) on several machines in preparation for Go-Live. IT Project Coordinator Cerner Project Insight Global - Einstein Healthcare Network August 2015 to February 2016 • Coordinate activities, resources, equipment and information  • Liaise with clients to identify and define project requirements, scope and objectives  • Make certain that clients' needs are met as the project evolves  • Help prepare project proposals, timeframes, schedule and budget  • Monitor and track project's progress and handle any issues that arise  • Act as the point of contact and communicate project status adequately to all participants  • Use project management tools to monitor working hours, budget, plans and money spend  • Issue all appropriate legal paperwork  • Report and escalate to management as needed  • Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation, plans and reports Administrative Project Manager Northern Children Services April 2012 to August 2015 • Assisting and supporting the Project Manager in their daily duties.  • Supporting all areas of project.  • Pulling data, creating reports to present to leadership.  • Ensuring that relevant management information is captured and analyzed.  • Providing project support to senior Project Managers.  • Reviewing the efficiency and effectiveness of service delivery.  • Responsible for handling the projects finances.  • Acting as administrative support to Project Managers and Directors on projects.  • Identify, analyze, prioritize, mitigate and communicate project risks.  • Helping the Contract Manager with the development of operating procedures.  • Writing up documentation for safety procedures.  • Communicating with project manager to report on project status.  • Resolving any financial queries that are raised.  • Involved in Coordinating projects from inception to completion.  • Developing training and briefing material for staff.  • Leading and organizing a team. Sr. Administrative Assistant Northwestern Human Services June 2009 to July 2015 • Coordinate medical appointments; administer medications.  • Participate in the development and implementation of individualized service plans, treatment activities, case conferences, etc.  • Create a motivational atmosphere for consumers, educate myself with their interest and have ability to work empathetically with people with disabilities using methods of recovery principles.  • Coordinate weekend activities with weekend residential staff and residents.  • Facilitate group meetings and manage conflict resolution between residents and others during their stay in the program.  • Performed various secretarial/clerical duties such as documenting, photocopying, faxing, mailing, and organizing filing system.  • Answered telephones and transferred calls to appropriate staff members.  • Sorted and distributed incoming communication data, including faxes, letters and emails.  • Monitored and maintained the organization's website.  • Interacted with organizational staff, executives, clients, vendors and visitors on a daily basis.  • Organized the scheduling of meetings, conferences, and events; distributed minutes for them.  • Coordinated agendas for meetings with visitors and clients- arranged guest and travel accommodations.  • Took care of staff office space, weekly schedules, travel reports, phones, parking, credit cards and office keys.  • Maintained the office database - retrieved and organized information for individual employees and clients.  • Created spreadsheets and presentations for corporate executives.  • Purchased office equipment and supplies - contacted vendors and subcontractors.  • Established and implemented administrative policies and procedures for the office.  • Filed and recorded corporate documentation, electronic files, inventories and reports. Education Germantown High School - Philadelphia, PA June 2007 Penn State University - Schuylkill Haven, PA Skills Risk Management (5 years), Team Management (7 years), Subject Matter Expertise (5 years), Microsoft Office Applications (10+ years), Project Management (5 years), Negotiation (7 years), Networking (10+ years), Meeting Planning (10+ years), Administrative Support (10+ years), Excel, Scheduling, JIRA (2 years) Additional Information COMPUTERSKILLS    • Microsoft Word, Excel, MS Project, JIRA, Asana, Smartsheets, Remedy,   • Microsoft PowerPoint, Visio, OneNote, Clarity, Confluence, iTop  • Outlook, GroupWise  • SharePoint    SKILLS PORTFOLIO    • Results oriented, self-motivated team builder with a proven track record of getting the job done.  • Proven track record of completing projects within the assigned time frame and budget constraints while meeting and beating the overall objectives.  • Unique blend of technical experience, project management skills and team-building capabilities; ability to increase organizational effectiveness and staff skill level through training and awareness of best practices.  • Ability to cultivate trust and respect through open communication and shared goals among various departments / business units.  • Established effective relationships with prospects and customers based on integrity, credibility and technical capability.  • Superior project leadership, technical, and analytical skills  • Experience of IT operations environment and initiate process improvements  • Strong communication, presentation, and customer service skills  • Abilities to multi-task and prioritize tasks logically  • Comprehensive knowledge of project management tools  • Outstanding time management, summarization, and organizational skills