Sr. Marketing & Communication Manager ( IT) Sr. Marketing &amp; Communication <span class="hl">Manager</span> (<span class="hl">IT</span>) Sr. Marketing & Communication Manager ( IT) Austin, TX I am an advertising, marketing, communication and product management professional with over 7 years of experience within the tech industry (SaaS & PaaS). My experience extends through multi-lingual, multi-cultural and cross-functional teams worldwide. I have managed global marketing & communication projects utilizing GTM strategies, created and managed UI/UX digital structures/features and have experience working closely with directors, VP's and C-Level leaders. I have a B.S. in Advertising from San Jose State University and an M.B.A. in Marketing & Media from Manipal University. Work Experience Sr. Marketing & Communication Manager ( IT) SERVICENOW - Santa Clara, CA November 2017 to April 2019 As a Sr. MarCom Manager, I developed and managed the marketing and communications strategies for the IT department internally as well as externally, enhancing the way communications were created, fulfilled, approved & ultimately published at local and global levels.    Focus Areas:  Managed and launched internal & external global announcements, service maintenance, newsletters, video tutorials, portal promotions and live-feed posts in various platforms: written, images and video. POC for everything MarCom related under IT.    Key Accomplishments:  • Developed the comm. infrastructure for the IT Department, utilizing platforms such as Facebook Workplace, Zoom & Slack  • Managed internal & external relationships with business partners while working in liaison with technical & non-technical teams  • Enhanced the curriculum for IT processes and procedures while aligning with Corporate Marketing & Branding teams  • Created, designed and updated the catalog items for Comm. Requests. Trained and guided internal teams on the comm. process  • Developed synchronized .gif-formatted UI/UX templates for company-wide use through various platforms of communication Program Manager GOOGLE - Mountain View, CA September 2015 to July 2017 As a Program Manager, I managed the workflow within an array of Google's departments that focused on both its products & services.    Search & Voice team    Focus Areas:  Applied various methodologies such as Waterfall & Agile to progress within each project. Gathered requirements to define the project scope, facilitate discussions and practice risk management to drive resolution.    Key Accomplishments:  • Created and maintained bug reports for the Engineering teams to evaluate using internal bug management software  • Worked closely with department leads to resolve issues during design, implementation and post-production  • Documented new features and best practices as well as trained cross-functional team members to utilize the internal tools    Android team    Focus Areas:  Worked with cross-collaborated teams to manage, troubleshoot, execute and launch promotional content globally. I was a SME on two internal merch. / CRM tools, which focused on content management and targeted promotions within the Google Play store.    Key Accomplishments:  • Developed and managed Google Play store's marketing campaigns for seasonal promotions  • Managed campaign A/B testing pre-launch to determine optimal marketing results using various internal KPI's  • Investigated bugs as well as resolved various technical and functional issues within the Mobile store    Global Channel Sales team    Focus Areas:  Drove key B2B marketing projects within the SMB segment, which included products and services such as AdWords & AdSense, Analytics, Google My Business, Remarketing and many more.    Key Accomplishments:  • Managed content creation and curation of B2B Marketing products & services offered by Google  • Generated UI designs and wire-frames for the Google Partners SMB website using tools such as Photoshop and Dreamweaver  • Acted as the liaison between the program Directors and the Webmasters while working closely with the enablement team Product Marketing Manager MOBINAR - Fremont, CA January 2015 to October 2015 As Product Marketing Manager, I created, managed and maintained the company's website and landing pages. I managed Mobinar's overall marketing campaigns with GTM strategies and developed marketing materials for digital and print platforms.    Focus Areas:  Developing 360 degree marketing campaigns to promote the Mobinar brand and build awareness among possible SMB clients.    Key Accomplishments:  • Maintained business partnerships utilizing Salesforce CRM. Created digital UI/UX structures and templates for mobile app  • Developed and executed multiple web marketing strategies, while using KPI's to measure CTR and retention ratings  • Generated scripts, created and edited video content as well as voiced Mobinar video tutorials using tools such as Camtasia Comm's Product Manager SACRED HEART - San Jose, CA August 2013 to January 2015 As a Comm's Product Manager, I utilized WordPress & Social media tools such as Hootsuite to develop and share stories which helped bring people together in aiding those in need. Stories & features were captured through interviews and discussions with patron and their donors.    Focus Areas:  Managed and maintained overall web presence of Sacred Heart. I also managed the social media marketing campaigns by sharing  stories via WordPress, Facebook and Twitter posts while maintained customer relationships using internal CRM tools.    Key Accomplishments:  • Updated Sacred Heart's web presence by refreshing content and boosting organic traffic through SEO  • Managed the social media marketing campaigns and maintained customer relationships using internal CRM tools  • Wrote, edited and revised copy for narratives that captured stories of individuals that Sacred Heart served Project Manager WHISTLING WOODS TELEVISION - Mumbai, Maharashtra January 2012 to July 2013 As a Project Manager, I helped to define the project scope and initiated the process of implementation and deliverables that supported and aligned with the Whistling Woods Media Committee's vision.    Focus Areas:  Oversaw production of audio/video assets connected with local radio stations, television stations and billboard admins to promote  product launch. Managed interactions with 3rd party vendors and clients with utilizing Salesforce.    Key Accomplishments:  • Created and managed project timelines, met deadlines and was the primary point-of-contact for all project related issues  • Planned and executed event activities while maintaining the projects' budget  • Applied digital and traditional marketing practices using various PM and Marketing methodologies Education Master's in M.B.A. Marketing & Media Manipal University - Mumbai, Maharashtra May 2011 to June 2013 B.S. in Advertising San Jose State University - San Jose, CA May 2011 Skills MARKETING, DATA ANALYTICS, SPSS, CRM, CSS, Indesign, Google Analytics, SEO, Marketing Strategy, Social Media Marketing, MS Office, search engine optimization, Salesforce, Advertising Links http://www.rbhullar.com https://www.facebook.com/r.bhullar85 https://www.linkedin.com/in/rsbhullar/ Certifications/Licenses Google Analytics Present Google Adwords Present Additional Information SKILLS    BUSINESS: • SPSS statistical analytics • Google Suite • SQL • Microsoft Office; Word, Excel, Project, Visio    MARKETING: • Google AdWords & Analytics • Hootsuite • Marketo • Salesforce CRM • Email Marketing    CREATIVE: • Adobe; Photoshop, In-design, Dreamweaver, Premiere • Camtasia • HTML & CSS    COLLABORATION: • Cisco: WebEx / Jabber • Zoom Video Conference • Slack • Solstice • Workplace    KEY FOCUS AREAS: • Partnership management • Campaign lead • Project management • Data analytics • Marketing / Communication strategy • Team building • Product promotion • CRM proficient