IT Project Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Project</span> <span class="hl">Manager</span> •Maintains organization's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic  plans for implementing information technologies.  •Coordinates with cross discipline team members to make sure that all parties are on track with project  requirements, deadlines, and schedules.  •Meets with project team members to identify and resolve issues.  •Prepares status reports by gathering, analyzing and summarizing relevant information.  •Establishes effective project communication plans and ensuring their execution.  •Conducting post project evaluation and identifying successful and unsuccessful project elements. Work Experience IT Project Manager April 2018 to Present Responsible for developing an IT project management framework, leading the Project Management  Office, coordinating project governance, participating in special projects to help Tegra and her  Information Technology department more effectively accomplish its goals and priorities.  Responsible for the definition and maintenance of the standards of project management and process.  Support the successful delivery of programs undertaken by Tegra through effective facilitation, tracking and reporting. Assist with advising managers and teams on the best use of project management  disciplines and approaches.  Selected projects  •Implementing formal project management processes based on industry best practices while tailoring  them to fit the Tegra culture. This involves defining & implementing work priority and resource  management processes that meet our strategic needs. Once completed the PMO will serve as a center  that provides project management services to both other functional areas of Tegra and other operating  groups that make up the Tegra brand.  •Responsible for developing new IT M&A "playbook" for the organization within the Office of the V.P. of  Information Technology. The primary purpose is the effective management of multiple high-visibility,  strategic, complex M&A activities and enterprise-wide projects that require influential management of composite teams across functional and executive boundaries. Senior Manager IT Infrastructure April 2017 to March 2018 Oversee day to day infrastructure activities, technical operations and IT staff functions for 10 branch  locations and corporate headquarters. Direct IT Infrastructure operations according to executive  strategies developed by partnering with corporate executive team and department heads while managing an 11-member team. Continually improve IT Infrastructure standards, policies, processes and  procedures.  Selected projects  •Migrating datacenter from Pennsylvania branch office to colocation site in Atlanta, GA. The project  includes migration of Windows AD, SFTP, ESXi, File Servers, SANs, an ERP, MS Exchange 2010, multiple  Hypervisor servers & associated VM's.  •Managing the technical needs for a new 150,000 square foot Production/Warehousing Facility. This  includes determining ISPs to be used, determining & then purchasing all new equipment needs,  supervising the configuration & installation of all telecom, computers and peripherals.  • Formalized enterprise policies to ensure compliance & regulatory requirements were met. Managed  enterprise wide compliance with all software license agreements and copyright law by monitoring and enforcing proper software usage policies and guidelines to ensure that there is no non-conformance.  Conducted internal software audits to identify variances between deployed and licensed software;  ensure deployed software aligns with the quantity and licensing models purchased; rectified variances between deployed and licensed software. IT Manager Tegra January 2016 to March 2017 Promoted to leadership role accountable for maintaining key business applications and systems.  Partnered with senior leadership to guide short- and long-range technology planning. Administers the company's WAN and supervise system troubleshooting, backups, database & system recovery. Resolve IT  help desk issues efficiently, including critical technical issues pertaining to system performance,  connectivity, communication & database related issues.  Selected projects  •Successfully directed the on-time completion of a company-wide migration to Office 365 & Windows 10.  This impacted over 1,000 onsite and remote employees.  •Crafted a set of IT policies designed to harden system security, including enhanced measures for password requirements and stronger access controls.  •Led an effort to integrate real-time data analytics in a manufacturing and production environment.  Using tablets and wearables placed strategically throughout the production floor we enabled managers &  executives to better monitor workflows and identify areas that required either immediate attention or a  deeper inspection of their processes. Senior Systems Administrator Tegra June 2015 to December 2015 Tegra  June 2015 - December 2015  Support end user's software & hardware issues; maintain the computers, network servers, Android/iOS  mobile devices, routing equipment, operating systems, applications and phone technology for a large  screen printing/graphics company. Work daily with the hardware, repairing or replacing defective  equipment, installing new or upgraded software while constantly conducting tests on current or new  software to meet the business's evolving needs.  Selected projects  •Generated new procedures for Help Desk documentation, enabling the development of a  comprehensive knowledge base of common issues and solutions to improve Help Desk efficiency.  •Developed step-by-step training manuals for end-users to ensure a seamless transition following  operating system & application upgrades. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western Governor's University 2016 to 2018 Information Systems Technology Tidewater Community College 2013 to 2015 Skills SECURITY (1 year), TRAINING (Less than 1 year), BUSINESS CONTINUITY (Less than 1 year), CHANGE MANAGEMENT (Less than 1 year), INFORMATION SECURITY (Less than 1 year) Certifications/Licenses Professional Scrum Master (PSM I) October 2018 to Present The Professional Scrum Master certification is the only choice for those looking to get a deeper understanding of the Scrum framework and how to apply it. The PSM is maintained by Scrum.org, who select only the most qualified trainers to teach their classes and who ensure consistency across trainers and classes worldwide. It has the most stringent standards for passing any of the Scrum certification exams. Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Windows 7/10/Server 2008 & 2012, Office 365, Project Management, Vendor Relations, Strategic  Planning, Infrastructure Planning, Change Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, Resource Allocation,  Team Leadership, Business Continuity, System Upgrades, Remote Support, System Recovery, LAN/WAN,  Printers, Testing & Troubleshooting, Network Connectivity, New User Training, Wireless, VPN,  Virtualization, Cloud Computing, Information Security.