Senior VDI Deployment Analyst Senior VDI Deployment Analyst IT Support Analyst Tampa Bay, FL Experienced IT Professional spanning various corporate industries, specializing in hardware support, software support, process development/implementation. I've helped companies achieve IT infrastructure, operational and end user customer service excellence. I have a functional background and possesses advanced communication, hardware and software skills to interact with internal and external clients on all levels. I have worked in Windows and Mac environments and have supported Apple iOS & Android mobile devices. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Senior VDI Deployment Analyst AAA - Tampa, FL June 2019 to Present ·       Sr. Analyst for VDI deployments managing a 6 member team at the AAA Corporate Office in Tampa, FL  ·       Senior responsible for leading a team tasked with converting and migrating users from AAA Auto Club South to ACG Michigan.  ·       Coordinating with managers for application testing validation and department deployment planning.  ·       Responsible for pre-staging, imaging and asset verification.  ·       ServiceNow administrator for Knowledge Base articles pertaining to the VDI deployment project  ·       Managed the departmental deployment schedule as well as provided RACI updates via Sharepoint  ·       Liaison between department heads and IT staff pertaining to “white glove” support for deployment incident mitigation.  ·       Team member shift scheduling, work load assignments and asset management.  Lead IT Support/Migration Analyst Taylor Morrison - Tampa, FL December 2018 to Present Lead contractor in charge of 4 member team in Tampa assigned with migrating users from MS Exchange to Office 365. Lead in charge of a 3 member team in Orlando tasked with migrating a company acquisition from VMware to our Windows RDP environment. Citrix XenApp Support, Mobile Iron Administrator, Microsoft Authenticator Administrator, SalesForce Administration. Provided day to day IT Support for all IT systems and company software including Salesforce. Manager of team member shift scheduling, work load delegations and asset management. Scientific Service Desk IT Analyst Bristol Myers Squibb - Tampa, FL July 2018 to December 2018 Contractor assigned to provide Scientific Help Desk IT support for 500 + supported applications including Citrix XenApp used by BMS Scientist in the development and research of various pharmaceutical drugs. Duties included Knowledge base maintenance using Service Now for known issues, which made the support structure more efficient.  Human Capital IT Systems Support PwC - Tampa, FL March 2018 to June 2018 Contractor assigned to provide IT support for the Human Capital Information Systems including incremental migration from Oracle PeopleSoft to the new HR management system WorkDay and Talent Acquisition software Yello. Service Delivery Manager | IT Support Feld Entertainment, Inc - Palmetto, FL October 2017 to March 2018 • Service Delivery Manager responsible for overseeing the day-to- day operations of IT Support staff/help desk in accordance with IT and company policies.  • JAMF Casper Suite  • IT onboarding, new-hire AD account creation, IT new hire orientation  • Monitored workload allocation for support staff  • Providing leadership by disseminating accurate information, providing feedback, advising and coaching support staff  • Consolidated Network Support Levels 1 & 2 with IT support Analyst Levels 2 & 3 to streamline the IT support process. This consolidation led to a 13% reduction in ticket requests in a 90 day period for our staff in the field.  • Oversaw the field support services to ensure all productions had top level IT support during show setup and go-live Sr. Help Desk Engineer Trenam Law - Tampa, FL August 2017 to October 2017 Team lead supervising 3 analyst in Tampa, FL as well as 2 in St. Petersburg, FL  • Tier 3 level IT support  • Responsible for the design, launch, and training of internal/external company staff and vendors on corporate IT initiatives.  • Developed the Win 7 ? Win10 migration project plans  • Identified areas of excess spending and resource utilization, provided solutions to mitigate the excess allocation of resources and spending. Sr. IT Support Specialist Focal Point Data Risk LLC - Tampa, FL April 2017 to July 2017 • Help desk team lead  • JAMF Casper Suite  • Cisco Meraki WiFi administration  • McAfee Patch Management.  • SLA agreement enforcement  • Perform VoIP administration.  • Troubleshoot network printers/copier.  • Mentor IT support team members  • PowerShell scripting  • Tier 3 escalations POC  • Go2Assist remote support administration.  • Mobile Device Management  • Manage Engine software package deployment  • Install, move, change, repair systems (PC/Mac).  • IT asset inventory reconciliation.   • Active Directory Administration  • Network troubleshooting (TCP, DHCP, LAN. WAN). IT Project Manager United Airlines - Chicago, IL June 2016 to February 2017 • Managed the internal staff experience for the East Coast Region of airports in the United States as well as the Caribbean as apart of the uPOWER IT Project.  • Traveled to airport sites for “boots on the ground” site surveying to determine what upgrades would be needed at each station.  • Managed and planned implementation of network infrastructure, end user and LAN upgrades.  • Tracked daily records of all work-flows to ensure stakeholders were aware and understood the status and progress of the project.  • Managed workflows and made timeline adjustments as needed to ensure the SOW was fulfilled.  • Implemented and maintained development best practices and procedures.  • Led a proactive approach identifying risks to project success; developing effective mitigation plans.  • SharePoint portal content management with project milestone status updates  • Prepared and delivered presentations using Power Point to executives.  • Evaluated staffing needs for the project  • Managed junior level project managers. IT Project & Support Manager FRCC - Tampa, FL November 2014 to May 2016 • IT On-boarding of new company staff  • Employee of the year 2015  • Developed the disaster recovery plan  • VPN Administration  • Mobile Device Management  • Active Directory/GPO Administration.  • Office 365 Administration  • Shavlik Patching Administrator  • Implemented and administered WiFi.  • Provided and developed IT training for internal and external end users.  • Implemented a help desk ticketing system.  • Developed IT support policies and procedures to streamline the support process.  • Managed IT asset inventory reconciliation   • MS Exchange to Office 365 Migration.  • Managed VoIP System  • IT procurement   • Reduced IT Support spending by 14% by June 2015 Mobile Device Management Coordinator AAA AUTO CLUB GROUP - Tampa, FL May 2014 to November 2014 • Coordinated the deployment of Samsung Galaxy Tablets including but not limited to the setup and detailed configuration of the specified applications needed to carry out the business function of each device.   • Managed the shipping, research and procurement of all additional hardware and software for the Northern and Southern United States AAA Auto Club Group field sites as it related to the D3ME MDM Project.  • MDM using SOTI MobiControl. IT Field Support T-Mobile - Tampa, FL May 2014 to May 2014 • Contractor assigned to perform Windows XP to Windows 7 Migrations in 5 Tampa, FL locations. Desktop Support Analyst Transamerica - Saint Petersburg, FL April 2014 to May 2014 • Contractor assigned to provided desktop support services for 1700 regional end users.  • Remedy Help Desk System. Desktop Support Analyst Tampa Tribune Newspaper - Tampa, FL April 2013 to March 2014 • PC Imaging/Deployment  • Windows 7 migrations  • Windows 8 testing  • Mac OS X support  • Provided Cisco VPN support and Citrix XenApp configuration.  • Followed TCP/IP Protocols.  • Active Directory GPO  • IT Asset reconciliation. Education Management Information Systems in Computer Science St. Petersburg College - Saint Petersburg, FL September 2015 to December 2019 Certificate of Completion in Project Management University of Miami - Coral Gables, FL May 2016 to September 2016 IT Intership in Information Systems City of St. Petersburg, FL February 2011 to June 2012 Skills Help Desk (10+ years), Service Desk (10+ years), JAMF Casper Suite (4 years), Desktop Support (10+ years), MAC, Active Directory, Tech Support, Helpdesk Support, Customer Support, Comptia, Customer Service Certifications/Licenses A+ Certified June 2010 to Present Project Management Professional (PMP) September 2016 to Present Certified Project Manager from the University of Miami A valid IT Specialist certification Additional Information JAMF Casper Suite  Service Now Help Desk/Ticketing System  Remedy Help Desk/Ticketing System  Manage Engine Help Desk/Ticketing System  Spiceworks Help Desk/Ticketing System  TrackIT Help Desk/Ticketing System  Windows XP | 7 | 8 | 10 Pro  Windows Migrations  Windows Server 2003 | 2008 | 2012  Microsoft Office 2007 | 2010 | 2013 | 2016  Microsoft Project  Microsoft Exchange  Office 365 Migrations  Windows/Mac OS Image Builds  PXE Imaging  Enterprise Active Directory  Group Policy Administration | GPO  Mac OS 10  Apple iOS & Android  Cisco VPN  VMware VDI