IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Laurel, MD • Execute critical risk and business assessments and continuity and recovery management plans while  addressing security and business continuity concerns in a professional manner.  • Conduct network vulnerability assessments using tools and to determine and evaluate attack vectors,  manage SIEM infrastructure, and implement POA&M management.  • Coordinate with third parties to perform vulnerability tests and create security authorization  agreements and standards, and balance risk mitigation with business needs.  • Research new development, updates and breakthroughs in IT security in order to recommend develop  and implement new security policies, standards and procedures to my corporation  • experienced with NIST, FISMA, and FEDRamp Work Experience IT Security Analyst Brightway Temple Hills MD - Temple Hills, MD November 2014 to August 2019 Conducted a kick off meeting in order to categorize systems according to NIST requirements o Low, Moderate or High system  • Developed a security baseline controls and test plan that was used to assess implemented security  controls  • Conducted a security control assessment to assess the adequacy of management, operational  privacy, and technical security controls implemented. A Security Assessment Report (SAR) was  developed detailing the results of the assessment along with plan of action and milestones (POA&M)  • Assisted in the development of rules of engagement documentation in order to facilitate the scanning  of network, applications and databases for vulnerabilities  • Developed a risk assessment report. This report identified threats and vulnerabilities applicable to systems. In addition, it also evaluates the likelihood that vulnerability can be exploited, assesses the  impact associated with these threats and vulnerabilities, and identified the overall risk level  • Assisted in the development of an Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy to help in maintaining an ongoing awareness of information security (Ensure effectiveness of all security  controls), vulnerabilities, and threats to support organizational risk management decisions.  • Developed an E-Authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication (e-authentication)  • Developed a system security plan to provide an overview of information system security frequents  and describe the controls in place or planned to meet those requirements for FISMA compliance Education Bachelors of science in BIOLOGY in BIOLOGY University of Maryland - Princess Anne, MD Skills Active Directory, Security, testing, access Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ June 2017 to June 2020 CompTIA Security+ establishes the core knowledge required of any cybersecurity role and provides a springboard to intermediate-level cybersecurity jobs. Security+ incorporates best practices in hands-on trouble-shooting to ensure security professionals have practical security problem-solving skills. Cybersecurity professionals with Security+ know how to address security incidents – not just identify them. CompTIA CySA+ November 2018 to November 2023 As attackers have learned to evade traditional signature-based solutions, such as firewalls, an analytics-based approach within the IT security industry is increasingly important for most organizations. The behavioral analytics skills covered by CySA+ identify and combat malware, and advanced persistent threats (APTs), resulting in enhanced threat visibility across a broad attack surface.  CompTIA CySA+ meets the ISO 17024 standard and is approved by U.S. Department of Defense to fulfill Directive 8570.01-M requirements. It is compliant with government regulations under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA). Regulators and government rely on ANSI accreditation because it provides confidence and trust in the outputs of an accredited program. Over 1.3 million CompTIA ISO/ANSI-accredited exams have been delivered since January 1, 2011.