Network Administrator Network Administrator Network Administrator - Unique Loom Heath Springs, SC Contract IT Security Administrator, pursuing a permanent position with a proven history of leveraging technical and communication strengths, providing a balanced approach to development, implementation and optimization of enterprise with some experience in security monitoring in multiple industry sectors. Innovative professional eager to explore new areas of software/hardware within a Cyber Security environment. Work Experience Network Administrator Unique Loom - Fort Mill, SC April 2018 to Present Contract)  ? Perform security monitoring, security and data/log analysis and forensic analysis to detect possible security incidents and mount incident response.  ? Manage security operating systems on all Windows machines both servers and desktops, manage all Network, Storage, Operating System and application software.  ? Monitor network communication and perform corrective action as necessary.  ? Provide level 1 & 3 technical support while cross-training and documenting to enhance skills for users.  ? Work with other department, faculty and staff members in the development and implementation of IT projects, documentation, setup and strategy.  ? Support and administer user and e-mail accounts including permissions, security groups, etc with AD and Office 365.    Results: Manage all system network plus LAN and WLAN network infrastructure to achieve target uptime and reliability of 99.99%. IT System Administrator Garretson Resolution Group - Charlotte, NC October 2018 to March 2019 Contract)  ? As a team, participate in the server migration to Azure Cloud environment for security purpose.  ? Monitor application processes and resources within a team environment.  ? Installed and configured infrastructure management systems and other software.  ? Provide Application Provision Access to specified users, using IAM/Active Directory security groups and processes.  ? Analyzing computer network requirements and planning configuration.  ? Planning, deploying, configuring, and documenting issues pertaining to server deployment.  ? Demonstrated experience in conducting security engineering, analytical and problem solving activities with structured problem solving techniques.  ? Strong knowledge of TCP/IP, HTTP/HTTPS, and web application security.    Results: Set-up a sound network system and contribute towards smooth working of the organization, Increasing reliability and efficiency of computer network system IT Security Administrator /Identity Access Management XPO Logistics - Charlotte, NC February 2018 to September 2018 Contract)  ? Analyze integration and capture of Incident, Problem, Change, Configuration (CMDB) and Service Catalog/Request Management modules within ServiceNow, supported by ITSM processes.  ? Evaluated, monitor and operated security assessment tools (ArcSight, Splunk, etc.) for alert detection.  ? Provide Application Provision Access to specified users, using IAM/Active Directory security groups and processes.  ? Monitor, identify & implement security functionality updates for business applications.  ? Maintain creation and termination of Oracle and Active Directory accounts across multiple domains.  ? Provide support to user account in Active Directory, LDAP, Outlook, Office 365 and AWD.  ? Support application in Citrix and Oracle such as Navitus, FACFID, PNet, Pacer and CargoWise with IAM.  ? General Monitor IT systems, report suspicious events, and take appropriate action to resolve security issues.    Results: Provide daily security access for users & training staff members on 9 application to reach daily goals within the company. IT Security Administrator /Identity Access Management Synchrony Financial - Charlotte, NC May 2017 to December 2017 Contract)  ? Provided system administration and user ID's which include creation, deletion, modification and password reset.  ? Process all Life Cycle Events for any employee in the organization dealing with New Hires, Job Changes, Leave Of Absence, Business Transfer and Leavers, using Service Now and Remedy ticket system.  ? General understanding of Identity Access Management fundamental concepts and security regulations.  ? Ensured adherence to all Security Administration Standard Operating Procedures, Notify management when discrepancies are found in SOP's to ensure they are updated accordingly.  ? Supported Network accounts using RSA VPN/Remote Access, and LDAP.  ? Executed daily, weekly checks to ensure access is terminated for exited workers and responsible for documenting process/technical difficulties being experienced and timely reporting them to management.  ? General understanding of risk assessment/risk management policies, security threats and vulnerabilities.    Results: Provide daily security access for users, both national and internationally for daily performance. Network Analyst Sonoco Inc - Hartsville, SC February 2017 to May 2017 Contract)  ? Install, configure, and support Cisco firewall/router, wireless access points, VPN and network switch hardware.  ? Assists in disaster recovery planning by assisting with backups, executing network test plans, Develops, updates, and maintains manuals, databases and documentation, also Implements network security procedures  ? Maintains high-level support focusing on design, implementation, and installation of the enterprise voice and data network as well as application solutions, Install, configure, and support Windows Server 2012/2016.  ? Contributes to overall design and maintenance of local or remote network architecture and configuration.  ? Provide system administration and mentoring for managing physical and virtual servers, desktops and laptops, applications, printing, email, and storage within an Active Directory, Exchange, and Citrix environment..  ? Install, configure, and support Windows 7 and 10 operating systems, Microsoft Office 365, Oracle JD Edwards, and Autodesk AutoCAD and other production equipment related software.    Results: Supported all network infrastructure for Sonoco's location both national and internationally. IT Support Specialist Rock Hill School District - Rock Hill, SC February 2016 to January 2017 Contract)  ? Maintained user accounts and document updates that may occur during system updates in Active Directory, which included using IPv6 for identification and system location.  ? Installed and configured network printers to the network infrastructure using Windows server 2008/2012.  ? Responsible for security planning, developing and implementing security policies within the district.  ? Configured and maintain Linux servers, Cisco switches (Catalyst 2960G / WS-C3560X) and Cisco routers for Brocade network performance.  ? Provided technical support for staff onsite with VPN/Remote Access, tracking and updating tickets (Remedy) received via phone, email, web application and McAfee application for security network configuration.  ? Handled, daily problem solving and use network troubleshooting skills to isolate and diagnose common network problems with computer and Ipads using Tivoli BigFix security patch and software updates.    Results: Supported all network infrastructure with IT department to successfully achieve yearly goals. Network/System Administrator Honeywell - Fort Mill, SC October 2015 to January 2016 Contract)  ? Provided day-to-day security administration which included creating, modifying group policy, managing access-lists, deleting user-id accounts and passwords on windows platforms in Active Directory.  ? Provided responsibility with analyzing system logs, adding and deleting right, applying system updates, patches and configuration changes as well as installing and configuring both proprietary and open source software to workstations and servers, Managed a backup solution with TSM (Tivoli Storage Manager), also familiar with Symantec.  ? Monitored daily aspects (IDS/McAfee) activities, physical and logical access control systems through token and password authentication also monitored system using Tivoli software in a data center environment.  ? Helped installed and deployed IDS/IPS system for monitoring malicious activities also maintained and developed current documentation of all network infrastructure.    Results: Help with coordinating the cross functional program team (engineering, IT, etc.) to successfully achieve the program and business goals. System Administrator / Technical Analyst AWireless - Fort Mill, SC October 2014 to September 2015 Contract)  ? Preformed troubleshoot problems on physical and virtual servers from Active Directory user accounts, OU's groups, group policies, Hostnames and DNS.  ? Monitored performance, troubleshoot network problems, scheduling upgrades and collaborating with System Engineers and Architects on network optimization, Participated in performance tuning, software, hardware and tools upgrades.  ? Provided support and maintain application in various tools (Linux, Oracle, Sap and other Verizon business tools).  ? Installed, configured and maintain various systems, including mobile devices and VPN access, also provided daily testing and troubleshooting solutions to support Apple/ IOS and Android phones/ tablets.  ? Acted as liaison between customers and other support team to ensure operational issues are resolves in an expedited manner using Remedy Ticket Tracking System.    Results: Increased sales revenue 98% within 2 stores, allowing sales representatives to reach monthly goals at above average status using the Dashboard Methodology for training. Student Central Piedmont Community College - Charlotte, NC May 2014 to September 2014 Completed classes in Project Management for certification in Determining Business Requirements, Project Planning and Control. Technical Support Carolina Healthcare System - Charlotte, NC January 2014 to April 2014 Contract)  ? Experience with HIPAA and PHI compliance to ensure the clients information remain confidentiality & privacy.  ? Adapted with playing an integral role in the planning, designing, developing and implementation of Epic (hospital billing)  ? Provided installation, repair, maintenance and monitoring all hardware servers, supported storage and provided help with computer peripherals.  ? Provided Tier1 to Tier 3 customer support services, solving up to 20 technical support tickets daily with timely and accurate assistance and Analyzed, LAN/WAN performance reports and monitoring applications.  ? Provided technical support for end-users onsite and RSA VPN/Remote Access, tracking and updating (Remedy) tickets received via phone, email and web.    Results: Upgraded over 10,000 workstations and maintained system availability uptime at 98%. Network Engineer ASI - System Integration Inc March 2013 to December 2013 Contract)  ? Transmitted and routed TCP/IP core networking services via HTTP, DHCP and DNS for Dukes facilities.  ? Gained knowledge of functionality and capabilities of computer network defense technologies, including Router ACl's, Firewalls, IDS/IPS, Antivirus and Web content filtering.  ? Handled, daily problem solving, using network troubleshooting skills to isolate/diagnose common network problems with printers, PC's, Laptops and IPads, Installed imaging machine using Norton Backup Exec System Recovery  ? Analyzed, LAN/WAN performance reports and monitoring applications to expose opportunities for optimization.    Results: Accomplished half-million dollar migration project for over 30,000 PC's as team lead, with 65 employees, 30 NANTEL training course and recognize for highly achieving outstanding network configuration. Education Associate of Computer Science Degree in Information Technology ITT Technical Institute March 2013 Bachelor of Science degree Strayer University Skills CISCO, LAN/WAN, ROUTER, VMWARE, VPN, ACCESS CONTROL, FIREWALL, ORACLE, SQL, SECURITY, WEB SERVER, LINUX, SUN, UNIX, PERL, VISUAL BASIC, IOS, SAP, SDLC, SYMANTEC