Cybersecurity Engineer I Cybersecurity Engineer I CYBERSECURITY ENGINEER Brookhaven, PA Experienced professional with over 6 years of focus in Cybersecurity, Security Incident Response and Information Technology. Professional expertise in penetration testing and identifying and evaluating system vulnerabilities. Strong working knowledge of network Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems. Knowledge in programming and code modification. Experience in CPNI investigation and Social Engineering attack detection and prevention. Proficient with ticketing procedures and strong written and verbal communication skills. Excellent work ethic with the ability to thrive under pressure in fast-paced environment. Strong attention to detail with the ability to work in a team or independently on large scale projects. Experienced in leading, training, and mentoring Security Analyst personnel. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cybersecurity Engineer I Security Fusion Center, Comcast - Moorestown, NJ September 2013 to November 2016 • Monitored and managed SIEM and Intrusion Detection Systems of the Security Incident Response Team to identify security incidents and perform the appropriate responses for resolution through the use of various security tools.  • Founded the "Phishing Attacks Prevention" procedure that provided the necessary training, skills and steps a Cybersecurity Engineer must perform to identify, evaluate and mitigate phishing threats.  • Successfully trained and guided tier 1 and tier 2 personnel on identifying, handling and mitigating potential cyber-attacks by using ArcSight, StealthWatch and NMAP, which led to a 10% reduction of security incident events.  • Performed sophisticated penetration testing in major Comcast servers and websites using NMAP and Nexpose to investigate for vulnerabilities, potential compromises, and ensure patches and upgrades were applied.  • Assisted in the development and maintenance of ArcSight ESM environment by installing connectors, generating reports and restoring services after system failures.  • Implemented new policies and made system configuration updates to various security tools using SSH to reduce the immediate business impact from cyber-attacks.  • Contributed in the post-mortem investigation of network security incidents and documented the findings by preparing security incident reports.  • Developed, executed and maintained security incident management procedures.  • Aided in the design and development of a script that gathered reports of phishing sites from ArcSight and then automatically uploaded those into Cyveillance (LookingGlass Cyber Solutions) server via FTP.  • Assisted Law Enforcement Agencies in cases of E911 ANI/ALI failure by providing subscriber information using Legal Point which helped LEAs prevent imminent loss of life or serious bodily injury. Security Analyst Intern Security Incident Response Team, Comcast - Moorestown, NJ May 2013 to August 2013 • Worked on a project with a team of Interns using Agile method to develop a model for an Enterprise scale communication standard. The model was presented to the corporate executives and became a communication application for the SIRT, IIS.  • Assisted the senior engineering team with virus and vulnerability evaluations, analysis of security incidents and daily operations of the Security Incident Response Team.  • Validated, traced and blocked malicious sites and malwares that were analyzed and reported to Security Incident Response Team by the National Security Agency using Websense and Confer.  • Worked on various server and firewall issues including but not limited to securing them from penetration attacks.  • Performed level 1 troubleshooting for an array of security incidents reported via phone and email. Researcher Informatio and Network Security Computer & Information Science Department, Temple University - Philadelphia, PA May 2012 to December 2012 • Conducted research and investigated various hacking scripts, botnet and virus source codes, and presented the findings on weekly reports with recommendation for the most suitable techniques to secure against those.  • Established and operated a Linux-based dedicated server with multiple VM connections (Linux and Windows), for testing and analyzing botnet infections and USB viruses similar to Stuxnet.  • Upgraded a bot scanner which performed penetration testing scans for LFI, RFI, XSS and SQLi Zero-Day vulnerabilities on a server; to investigate how a web attack happens and how to secure the server from future attacks and Linux botnet spreading. IT Support O.I.T Support Center, Delaware County Community College - Media, PA March 2008 to June 2010 • Resolved technical issues with 100% rate of success by performing effective level 1 technical support and updated tickets until closure using Oracle.  • Upgraded, installed and programmed workstation computers, laptops and associated equipment for faculty and administrative staff of Delaware County Community College.  • Installed and configured antivirus policies on campus computers to protect against virus intrusion.  • Supported faculties and students with online accounts and password issues.  • Organized inventories of computer equipment using Excel and uploaded the reports into the database. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science West Chester University of Pennsylvania - West Chester, PA Present Associate in Science in Computer Information Systems Delaware County Community College - Media, PA July 2013 Skills Apache, PHP Shell, Kali Linux, Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, ArcSight ESM, Rapid 7 Nexpose, Qualys, Nessus, NMAP, FireEye, StealthWatch, Wireshark, Splunk, Putty SSH, FTP, Remedy, Legal Point, HTML, PHP, C++, Java, Information Security, Siem, Network Security, It Security, Cybersecurity, Information Assurance, Cyber Security Certifications/Licenses Computer Security Certificate Present Recognized by the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Committee on National Security Systems (CNSS) for:  • Information Systems Security Professionals – NSTISSI 4011  • System Administrators in Information Systems Security – NSTISSI 4013