Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Professional Jacksonville, FL Information technology professional with 2+ years of industry experience seeking to leverage proven skills and demonstrated knowledge of security and network administration best practices. I have a diverse expertise in Cisco and Windows technologies, as well as possessing a Bachelor of Applied Science in Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications. Work Experience Security Analyst Quadrant Information Security - Jacksonville, FL February 2019 to April 2019 - Real-time analysis of multiple client networks and systems in order to identity malicious activity, intrusions, and post-infection indicators of compromise.   - Identify and track correlated activity across multiple client networks.   - Packet and payload analysis.   - Clearly communicated security concerns and recommendations to clients. Associate IT Systems Analyst Kraton Corporation - Jacksonville, FL March 2018 to February 2019 Jacksonville, FL - Mar 2018 - Feb 2019  - Administered Varonis Data Classification Engine for reporting insight and reduction of unstructured data.  - Implemented least privileged administrative model for active directory users, computers, and groups.  - Served as point of contact for all compliance related questions surrounding the GDPR.  - Triaged security alerts and incidents in multiple systems for signs of malicious or abnormal behavior. Network Analyst/Information Security Compliance Analyst Stein Mart - Jacksonville, FL September 2017 to January 2018 Assisted project manager with execution of project plan and deliverables.  - Communicated with vendors during network conversion of more than 100 stores.  - Reviewed user access logs for proper utilization of SOX controls in Linux databases.  - Trained on and utilized Rapid7 Nextpose for vulnerability scanning and management.  - Created reporting and metrics tracking for PCI compliance. Intern, IT Infrastructure and Networks Southeastern Grocers - Jacksonville, FL May 2017 to August 2017 - Researched and implemented best practices for operating system deployment in System Center.   - Utilized Hyper-V to configure and test operating system images.  - Constructed Windows 10 reference image in Microsoft Deployment Toolkit.  - Wrote PowerShell scripts to automate application and package deployment. Technical Support Technician Florida State College at Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FL February 2017 to May 2017 - Assisted upper level IT technicians with ServiceNow ticket system.   - Provided troubleshooting support to faculty on a variety of issues.   - Communicated common problems and found solutions to recurring issues.   - Unboxed and imaged new machines, deployed to their respective environments. Education B.A.S Computer Systems Networking and Telecommunications Florida State College at Jacksonville - Jacksonville, FL August 2018 Cisco Networking Academy