Senior Consultant, EY Senior Consultant, EY Cybersecurity, Data Protection, and Privacy Professional Tampa, FL Cybersecurity Advisory professional with experience across a variety of areas including governance, risk, and compliance (GRC), data privacy, data protection technologies (data loss prevention (DLP), database activity monitoring (DAM), encryption, masking, tokenization, data classification), high value information asset inventory, development of information security strategic improvement roadmaps, and security awareness. Work Experience Senior Consultant, EY EY February 2018 to Present • Improved maturity of the data protection program for a state government client - During this 8-week engagement, I evaluated the client's current data protection program and authored data protection related documentation such as data classification policy, data labeling and handling guidelines, and an operating model with RACI. Developed and strategized the delivery of security awareness and training.  • Managed a 22-week full implementation of data protection technologies for a manufacturing company, specifically the full deployment of Symantec Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Information Centric Tagging (ICT), and Information Centric Encryption. Developed an operational model and RACI for the creation of a data protection program.  • Lead a 15-week data security work stream as part of an enterprise wide cloud data migration initiative for a power and utilities company.  • Performed data security current state and gaps assessment of the client's cloud data security controls. Provided recommendations and developed a strategy/roadmap for implementing recommendations.  • Lead and facilitated proof of concept (POC) to evaluate data security intelligence products (i.e. database activity monitoring, data security intelligence, data encryption/tokenization/masking).  • Managed the work stream economics and lead a team of 2 analysts.  • Completed a NIST assessment for a manufacturing company. During this 8-week engagement, I performed stakeholder interviews to evaluate the client's cybersecurity program in alignment with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF). Conducted gaps assessment and developed strategy/recommendation for mitigating security gaps.  • Managed and delivered a project for a manufacturing client to review processes and controls related to protecting HR, Payroll, and Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) related data and delivered the following:  • Documentation of findings and observations of existing business processes, systems and controls for protecting HR, Payroll, and Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI)/DFARS related data  • Implementation of Data Loss Prevention (DLP) controls to protect sensitive data  • Provided recommendations and strategy and implementation plan for improving the organization's data protection program  • Worked directly with a telecommunications client's internal data protection and network teams in the design and integration of a DLP software for email. Architected design and deployment of a DLP solution. Authored operational processes and playbooks.  • Part of EY's Data Protection's Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Solution (SME) Team providing subject matter expertise for DLP engagements.  • Experience in creating and communicating SOWs, client RFPs and managing engagement economics to include managing engagement budget and resources ensuring margins and revenues meet or exceed forecast.  Professional History Senior Information Security Risk (GRC) Analyst 2017 to 2018 Provided advisory services to identify control gaps (policy, procedure, practice, or organizational structure) that if implemented would provide reasonable assurance that security objectives will be achieved.  ? Facilitated the review and update of Information Security policies.  ? Advised the Legal team to ensure appropriate security requirements are included in 3rd party contracts to protect the organization.  ? Served as security subject matter expert in the execution of vendor risk assessments ensuring proper security practices are in place and align with the organization's security requirements and information security audit guidelines.  ? Supported the customer audit program to include collection of evidence, assisting in onsite audit, and tracking of remediation items for technical security controls  ? Assisted the GRC team in the delivery of security awareness training and execution of phishing campaigns. Senior IT Auditor for an accounting firm Auditwerx 2016 to 2016 Facilitated the completion of a SOC 2 audit for a healthcare company. Completed a SOC 1 audit for a medium-sized software firm and a SOC readiness assessment for a medium-sized healthcare service company. Facilitated the information discovery and client stakeholder interview phases of a PCI-DSS audit for a medium-sized financial company. Senior Consultant - Cyber Risk, Data Protection and Privacy power and utilities corporation 2015 to 2016 Provided advisory services for financial, life sciences and healthcare, professional services, and power and utilities industries.  ? Managed the completion of an 8-week information security program maturity assessment project for a life sciences/healthcare and professional services organizations. Served as a lead assessor for identifying control gaps (policy, procedure, practice, or organizational structure). Provided clients with a risk-based prioritization of recommendations to mitigate gaps.  ? Served as a lead information security assessor for a financial industry client. Performed 3rd party risk assessments on client's vendors prior to onboarding. Advised client on the security posture of 4 prospective and current 3rd party providers to ensure alignment with the client's security requirements.  ? Lead a 20-week Data Loss Prevention (DLP) program implementation engagement for a power and utilities corporation. Supported the client in the creation, implementation, and documentation of DLP processes. Managed a team of 2 US and 2 offshore consultants. Information Security Analyst - Data Loss Prevention 2014 to 2015 Supported internal businesses in the creation and implementation of DLP policies to better protect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and other sensitive information. Facilitated the creation and migration of over 50 global and business-specific DLP policies into production. Enhanced over 25 existing DLP policies to ensure effectiveness. Data Privacy Analyst/DLP Analyst - Privacy Subject Matter Expert DTCC 2012 to 2014 Performed privacy risk assessments on internal business units to identify privacy control inefficiencies. Assisted in the data discovery initiative to address areas where security controls must be implemented to achieve compliance to privacy laws. Supported the risk management team in performing 3rd party risk assessments, serving as the privacy subject matter expert to ensure that 3rd parties comply with the organization's privacy policies.    Technologies Skillset  • Symantec Data Loss Prevention (DLP)  • Symantec Information Centric Tagging (ICT)  • Symantec Information Centric Encryption (ICE)  • IBM Guardium Database Activity Monitoring (DAM)  • Informatica Security Intelligence and Data masking  • PKWare Smartcrypt  • Dataguise DGSecure  • AWS  • Microsoft AIP  • MS Office Education M.S. in Information Technology Florida Institute of Technology B.S. in IT Information Systems Security University of Phoenix Skills Contractor, Dynamic, Splunk, Vmware Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) April 2019 to Present Additional Information Skillset   1. Data Classification  2. Governance, Risk, and Compliance  3. Risk Management  4. Data Privacy  5. GDPR, CCPA, LGPD  6. IBM Guardium Database Activity Monitoring (DAM)  7. Symantec Data Loss Prevention (DLP)  8. Symantec Information Centric Tagging (ICT)  9. Symantec Information Centric Encryption (ICE)  10. Informatica Security Intelligence and Data masking  11. PKWare Smartcrypt  12. Dataguise DGSecure  13. Amazon AWS  14. Microsoft Office  15. Microsoft AIP  16. E-Discovery  17. Client Relationship Skills  18. Management Consulting  19. Consulting Experience  20. Project Management  21. Data Loss Prevention  22. Cloud Security  23. VMware  24. Encryption  25. NIST  26. SOC Audits  27. PCI DSS  28. HIPAA  29. NIST CSF  30. ISO 27001  31. ISO 27002