System Analyst System <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Deployment Technician Memphis, TN Quality-focused professional with 10+ years in the IT industry. Proven ability across various positions to create and deliver solutions that improve access and aid users. Comfortable operating in a wide range of platforms and environments. Effective communicator and trainer. Work Experience System Analyst Zycron (Fred's) - Memphis, TN Present ·        Technical lead coordinator for IT and client projects  ·        Assists in analysis and study of implementation of new software systems  ·        Provides Help Desk support and solutions as necessary  ·        Creates, reviews, and updates policies and procedures relating to Administrative Systems  ·        Communicates with clients to explain system operations, solve problems, and ensure that the system operates effectively and satisfies client needs. Deployment Technician Teksystems January 2019 to July 2019 • Support a large enterprise desktop deployment with the older computers while imaging approx. 2,500 workstations from Windows 7 to Windows 10  • Back up/restoring user's data and troubleshooting problems  • Use Active Directory to add, remove, and track down systems  • Apply security principles and practices for computer information systems  • Main tools used for this position included Altiris, Active Directory, and remote desktop applications such as VNC and RDP Information/Data Governance Analyst FedEx November 2017 to October 2018 • Develop control structures within a simple environment to ensure the accuracy and quality of data through all upstream and downstream data channels.  • Ensure controls are in place over applications to ensure the data integrity by performing data integrity gap analysis.  • Coordinate the resolution of data integrity gaps by working with the business owners and IT.  • Work with business partners to gather and understand functional requirements, develop complex queries and provide reports. IT Support Specialist, Methodist Le Bonheur February 2017 to July 2017 • Created and maintained user accounts and security via Active Directory. The VMS operating system also required creating and troubleshooting issues.  • Performed diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and maintained equipment inventory lists.  • Extensively worked with service desk tools system (Remedy), including creation and response to Remedy tickets. Systems Support Specialist Baker Donelson February 2014 to August 2016 • Provided PC, Mobile, and related peripherals support, diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving end user issues with hardware maintenance, installations, and upgrades.  • Supported wide range of remotely hosted Citrix Virtual Desktop applications covering all technical aspects.  • Maintained records of every communication transaction in a tracking system, problems and remedial actions taken, and resolution.  • Provided third level help desk support for problems relating to Active Directory. Apple Repair Technician, Flextronics November 2013 to January 2014 • Certified to repair 6 different Apple Models.  • Inspected, diagnosed, and tested Apple laptops, portables and iOS devices for software and hardware failures.  • Disassembled units to diagnose issues and repair equipment for customers.  • Reassembled, adjusted and cleaned equipment as needed to provide a finished product.  • Read and interpreted diagrams, service manuals, instructions, and specifications to determine needed repairs and operation sequence.  • Conducted IT operations that involve the design, documentation, development, modification, testing, installation, implementation, and support of new or existing application software. Information Security Program Administrator VA Medical Center June 2011 to December 2012 • Processed staff members to ensure timely updating of the active directory to comply with NIST standards and federal access control guidelines.  • Enforced VA Annual InfoSec training rules by initiating access restrictions for personnel not in compliance.  • Answered, screened, and directed calls concerning information security incidents.  • Maintained the data integrity during extraction, manipulation, processing, analysis and storage.  • Assessed and mitigated system security threats and risks to ensure network integrity and to secure patient data.  • Provided support and information security guidance for technicians testing, installing, configuring, and maintaining VA networks including hardware (servers, hubs, bridges, switches, and routers) and software that produce technical support to customers. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems in Database Management Strayer University 2012 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Dns, Networking, Remedy, Tcp/ip, Lan/wan, Tcp, Vpn, Data mining, System integration, Visio, Ethernet, Voip, Mobile devices, Excel, Lan, Outlook, Powerpoint, Word Links http://linkedin.com/in/tequilajohnson Certifications/Licenses CCNA ITIL Additional Information Technical skills  Data: Workflow analysis, System integration, User documentation/training, data mining, data analyzing  Software:  MS(Word, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint), Chrome/FireFox/InternetExplorer, Visio, Winzip, Norton/AVG/Symantic/McAfee, Onedrive, Remedy, Adobe Creative Suite, WebEx, Filezilla    Platforms: Microsoft Vista/XP/7/10  Networking: Ethernet, TCP/IP, VPN, LAN/WAN, DNS, Active Directory, VoIP  Hardware Workstations, Laptop, Cisco phone, Printers, Scanners, Copiers, Mobile Devices