Sr IT & Security Risk Analyst Sr <span class="hl">IT</span> &amp; <span class="hl">Security</span> Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr IT & Security Risk Analyst - Scottrade Financial Sugar Land, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr IT & Security Risk Analyst Scottrade Financial - St. Louis, MO January 2017 to Present Performing Risk Assessments using RSA tool to identify & mitigating the potential areas of risks by securing Enterprise as a  whole. Recommending to the management intensity of the potential risk by visual representation of risk indicators and performance indicators by implementing COBIT5 & NIST frameworks to define the risk and related controls and how to  mitigate the particular risk in order to protect enterprise assets.  • Analyzing Enterprise data on the IT Security and Operational risk assessments to get better understanding of risk.  • Gathering Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) and Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) by analyzing the raw data from different departments and segregating it using NIST & COBIT 5 Frameworks.  • Maintaining various dashboards to give visual representation about the risk intensity.  • Gathering and managing data from various risk owners to maintain the dashboards on monthly basis.  • Monitoring and assessing the post-period implementation of risk management strategies.  • Predicting the future trends based on the latest developments in the market and recommending plans to keep up with the pace  • Helping with higher management in transition process for risk related procedures and policies. IT Business Analyst, Sales and Operations Analytics TransUnion LLC - Chicago, IL September 2016 to December 2016 Experienced working with one of the major financial enterprise gave me a chance to do the predicative analysis related to financial data of sales using Business Intelligence Tool "Tableau" and agile methodology. Tableau for the analysis by    applying the IT security model while performing BI analysis kept me inside of implementing the security application to protect high value sensitive data.  • Performed systems development life cycles following agile, and waterfall iterations while coordinating between consultants and the Product owners to assist to design the analytical model.  • Coordinated with internal stakeholders and vendors to identify and resolve sales related information to make the model efficient and productive to generate accurate results to predict sales for TransUnion Sales team.  • Organized the sales Intelligence dashboard and tool for testing the dashboard operations.  • Prepared project related documents to organize requirements by features and user stories creating a backlog throughout the project lifecycle, work logs, use cases, Traceability matrix.  • Extracted and analyzed data from internal systems to create financial revenue reports of trends.  • Monitored inbound projects through InTouch, completing tasks as needed to fulfill project requirement. IT Security Associate Trans Union LLC - Chicago, IL May 2016 to December 2016 Working under highly experienced Security experts of director level and working on the project for the CISO of the company  gave me valuable insight about information security and helped me to choose my future directions in the field of InfoSec.  • Interacted and handled Tier 1 customers and client audit procedures and policies to make sure that the compliance and security policies were followed as per ISO27001 to keep the company's reputation intact.  • Conducted and employed the Clean Desk security policy on a monthly basis.  • Populated and managed the proprietary tool for Internal IT security. Information Security Graduate Intern InfoSec Department, Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL August 2015 to December 2016 Working at an educational institution gave me an opportunity to work/learn by interacting with a small InfoSec team and report directly to the CISO. It was a good opportunity to collaborate and to learn from each member of InfoSec team.  Performed various work duties managing the time sensitive issues and handling high priority IT security incidents.  • Drafted various policies and run-books for Northern Illinois University to mitigate Identity theft such as Red Flag  policy document, new FOIA request policies in current policy under Freedom of information accessibility act, de- listing IPs from the various blacklists, and rules for Clean Desk Policy.  • Provided assistance in PCI and HIPAA policies implement and designed the training program for HIPAA  implementation University wide to educate staff/faculty/students.  • Assisted in new vendor process for potential and current vendors to reduce the third party risk.  • Conduct GAP analysis for various existing programs to reduce cost and improve productivity of work. Business Analyst Caterpillar Project, ELC, Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL January 2016 to May 2016 Working on the process improvement project for one of the industrial giant of heavy machines was very knowledgeable  experience. Specially providing the solution to reduce the cost by implementing process improvement technics such as  Kanban, Ishigawa, which helped to analyze the complicated worldwide operation was very challenging as well as rewarding.  • Worked on process improvement for the existing production plant to assist to utilize the space already exist using  Ishigawa, Japanese method by creating stories to explain the processes.  • Assisted in merging new technology and techniques to make production planning beneficial and time saving.  • Developed a design using Agile frameworks that could assist company to reduce expenditure and makes it easy to share the capital and human resources in advancement of the company's financial growth.  • Managed the Product backlog items efficiently. Jr. Business Analyst PowerVolt Inc - Addison, IL August 2014 to July 2015 • Analyzed existing process for vendor management, release management, sales orders/invoices, purchasing & Shipping. Utilized the Agile methodology, review of existing QA processes.  • Prepared business process models, managing product backlog using Scrum (Agile) methodology.  • Worked with SME's, stakeholders, Developers and testing team onshore and offshore with different time zones to facilitate Sprint and JAD sessions. Education Masters of Management in Management in Information Systems (MIS) Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL December 2017 Bachelor of Science in Psychology Northern Illinois University - DeKalb, IL December 2014 Skills SECURITY (2 years), FRAMEWORKS (1 year), NIST (1 year), AUDIT (Less than 1 year), ISO27001 (Less than 1 year) Additional Information KEY SKILLS  • Security Tools: Security Score Card, GRC Archer, Q-Radar, Wireshark  • Frameworks: NIST, COBIT5, COSO, Agile/Scrum  • Audit & Compliance: ISO27001, SOC1, SOC2, PCI, HIPAA  • Programming Languages & Database Systems: VB, .NET, MySQL, PL/SQL  • Applications: SharePoint, Microsoft Office Suite (Visio, Word, Advanced  Excel (Pivot tables, V-look ups)), Access