Systems Administrator Systems Administrator Systems Administrator Littleton, CO To strive for efficiency and constant up-time in an ever changing environment, using the latest technology and analyzation methods available. Work Experience Systems Administrator Professional Bureau of Collection January 2019 to July 2019 Windows Server Patching 2003, 2008, 2012R2  Windows 10  Active Directory (~200 users)  Vasco / Onespan 2FA Setup / Administration  Group Policy Creation  Powershell Scripting  Office 365 Deployment / Administration  Hyper-V Administration  PBX Phone Configuration (Switchvox)  TrendMicro Deployment / Configuration  Ethernet wire running / termination / punch-downs  Switch / Port Configuration (GUI)  SOP for day-to-day operations regarding users  Enterprise level printer configuration / deployment  And I'm sure many other one-offs    PBCM presented a tirade of challenges. The IT department consisted of 1 man doing tier 1-3 plus level 1 network engineering. The IT director had to deal with old hardware and too many users given the resources. The senior network engineer had to develop and deploy in production as no other environment was available nor feasible. The users walked all over the IT department and didn't adhere to proper process as it was always triage-mode. The administration was apprehensive and aggressive for even the smallest of purchases while the servers red-lined and disconnects were frequent.    I got the company in-line, DOE compliant and set on a path to greatness. They now have 3 network engineers, 1 help-desk associate and 1 systems administrator with the director. I was the go-to guy inside and outside the department to get things scheduled and done only to be replaced by an hourly employee for half my salary. This is the cost of greatness. Operator Tape Operations VISA January 2018 to November 2018 3rd Shift)(12 hour length)  Applying software fixes to multiple libraries via command line interfaces across the globe.  Manage pending jobs / resource allocation.  Create tickets for hardware fixes / on-site repairs.  Manage and maintain multiple inventories within my group including multiple loading docks and pickups with corresponding monthly audits outside my group, The decommission of arrays resulting in thousands of drives to be processed, stripped and disposed of properly.  Inserting and removing physical tapes from libraries to be stored / inventoried / audited with the creation on new tapes / ranges of tapes to be inserted.  Corresponding with multiple groups around the world, coordinating changes / coverage for incoming changes / potential issues.    This position was a power-house of responsibility / communication / planning and hard work. 3rd shift is never easy, especially when you are doing inventories / applying fixes to systems half-way around the world based off what another user has notated but I did it all with a smile. From processing thousands of physical drives, to processing hundreds of thousands of jobs across 20+ libraries, adding to knowledge bases, processing / planning physical changes and all while not breaking down mentally Never a dull day at Visa. IT Consultant Game-Set-Match Inc December 2016 to December 2017 Duties: OSX computer environment for day-to-day operations.  Cisco routers and switches configured at multiple locations.  Security cameras configured and verified at multiple locations.  Setup Sftp server for data transport.  Ran Ebay store and had to re-tool the entire site / inventory.  Created Web-store on WordPress platform (PHP-JSON-CSS) including front-end, back-end, marketing, mascot creation, logistics integration and site- security.  Organized inventory for efficiency (physical and digital)  Implemented new ways to streamline customer interaction by creating a searchable database for maintenance parts.  Managed sales both on the site and in person.  Ran deliveries to local tennis clubs.    This job was meant to be a simple E-commerce position that ended up looking like an IT Director position. I loved every second of it and was able to help a small business reach-out even further for all ages to enjoy racket-sports. Security Analyst Comcast Tier May 2016 to December 2016 Provide clients with basic customer service / IT knowledge base.  Customer Account Security (CAS) - Data Caps - Billing Complaints.  Firewall Violations - Virus / botnet hosting.  Torrenting / Spam / Phishing Violations.  Assist in resolving any disputes / misinformation.  Following SOP / ticket system guidelines for proper routing.    This job was a means on having a steady income as I just moved to Colorado. The hours were 5AM - 3PM with zero tolerance for no-shows or being late. I never missed a shift, I even slept in my car one night in the parking lot as a snow storm was approaching. I met many great people at work and dealt with countless clients ranging from polite to not so polite. Smooth Ride General Manager January 2015 to April 2016 Windows 7 Environment with 6 users  Windows Server 2012 - Setup / Firewall / Exchange  Logistics, Advertising, Production, Accounting, Customer Service    This was a small business that I helped start and cashed-out to move to Colorado. The CEO and I started with a garage, moved to a warehouse, created SOP to maximize production. We traveled to classic car-shows, drag-racing shows, commercial trucking / vans, consumer vehicles and motorcycles    During this transition time before Smooth Ride, I setup multiple Windows server and Linux server setups for small businesses / people that didn't have enough money to pay for an administrator. It was a way for me to make some money as I was still trying to figure out what I wanted out of life. The setups were basic domain, 1-2 sub domains, exchange setup, user / group policy, firewall for basic applications and backup. I taught the clients how to do basic administration and washed my hands when I left. I love helping people expand their horizons and advocating for the little-guy. . . Then came Smooth Ride. Help Desk Technician MVRBC - Davenport, IA July 2013 to May 2014 for 400+ on-site and off-site users  Windows AD  Imaging Computers and Tablet Computers  Prioritizing problems in tight time constraints  Inventory and Audits for mobile blood buses  Travel between sites for maintenance/project deployments including Windows 7 roll-out.    This job allowed me to start network administration while helping the local communities in Iowa donate blood / plasma. I managed users on a RedHat Enterprise server under the guidance of a Sr. Tech that taught me how to run basic commands for user creation / deletion / permissions and connect to other networks via SSH and finally a GUI that would allow us to do everything without command line. This got me thinking about system hierarchies and cross-compatibility of different operating systems and how users may benefit from one system to another. Over time he allowed me to create sub-domains and implement group policies like file-redirect, offline, online profiles. Staples Easy Tech May 2012 to June 2013 Product Maintenance    ( School ) GeekSquad CIA February 2008 to September 2010 Duties: Extreme Multitasking  Hardware Diagnosis / Repair  Virus Removal  Handling customer complaints first-hand and applying an adequate solution Education A.A. degree Scott Community College 2009 to 2011 Bettendorf High School 2005 to 2008 Skills Active directory, Cisco, Networking, Vpn, Android, Ios, Windows xp, System Admin, System Administrator Additional Information Skills & Abilities  ? Proficient in Windows XP-10, OSX, RedHat Server, Kali, and Windows Server operating systems  ? Proficient in Android and iOS mobile platforms  ? Proficient in Windows Active Directory, Windows Server, Group Policy and Powershell  ? Proficient in Repairing Hardware (Laptops/Desktops/Tablets/Phones)  ? Proficient in Critical for Short and Long Term Solutions  ? Proficient in Networking (Home and Business / VPN / Cisco)