IT Specialist (Tier II Help Desk/Customer Support) <span class="hl">IT</span> Specialist (Tier II Help Desk/Customer Support) IT Specialist (Tier II Help Desk/Customer Support) - Active Clearance Clinton, MD Level 2 Computer Technician with a passion for learning new technology seeking to discover a part-time teleworking opportunity. Familiar with the remote administrative customer service role in Windows 7 and 10 Administrator for Active Directory along with other unique methods within information assurance. Intending to contribute knowledge and skills of Microsoft applications in collaboration with the goals of the company. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Specialist (Tier II Help Desk/Customer Support) Office of the Defense of National Intelligence (ODNI) - McLean, VA September 2018 to Present • Currently a holding supportive role as Windows 7 / Windows 10 Admin in Active Directory  • Approved Data Transfer Officer (DTO) accountable for the transfer of electronic data for mission  partners in both unclassified and classified environments.  • Initiate & resolve service request tickets remotely in collaboration with developers & engineers.  • Provide as the second level of support to customers by handling service requests that have been  escalated by lower tiers. Support is provided onsite, remotely, over the phone, and/or via email. Information Technology Specialist Department of the United States Naval Sea Systems Command - Washington, DC May 2018 to August 2018 - Washington, DC (May 2018 - Aug2018)  • Verified mandatory company software installs are made on mobile devices.  • Primary technician selected for Senior Staff weekly Voiceover Conferences (VOC's)  • Assisted with troubleshooting Windows 7 and Windows 10 user connectivity issues, identified delayed software migrations, and helped to account for electronic assets.  Information Technology ( IT) Intern - Pathways Internship Program Student Science & Technology Dir Department of Homeland Security (DHS) - Washington, DC September 2016 to April 2018 • Securely digitized over 25,000 Private Key Infrastructure (PKI) documents to remain in compliance under DHS and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) requirements.  • Aided Information System Security Officer's (ISSO's) with research and clarification of Federal  Information Security Management Act (FISMA) scores. Sent vulnerability reports as bi-weekly results.  • Developing a centralized notification library in SharePoint 2013 for Cybersecurity Analyst's to store  annual training files, certifications, and SOP's to help minimize policy and procedure oversight.  Office of Executive Directors Administrative Support Intern agency's Executive faculty Federal Energy Regulatory Commission - Washington, DC August 2015 to August 2016 -Washington, DC (Aug 2015 - Aug 2016)  • Use Microsoft Access to make framework structures that can support relational databases for the agency to reference personnel more confidentially while maintaining data integrity.  • Coordinated administrative coverage and meetings in support of the agency's Executive faculty. Administrative Information Security Analyst Intern Customs & Border Patrol - Springfield, VA July 2014 to June 2015 Participated in security evaluations accounting for vulnerable Personally Identifiable Information (PII)  and unsecured For Official Use Only (FOUO) materials stored outside of the DHS policy.  • Conducted frequent analysis for scheduled certificate renewals, status updates, serialized inventory  requests, along with shrinkage and growth of itemized reports with the utmost integrity. Education Bachelor of Science in Cyber & Information Assurance in research CAPITOL TECHNOLOGY UNIVERSITY - Laurel, MD December 2017