NSW Systems Engineer NSW Systems Engineer NSW Systems Engineer - Naval Special Warfare Command - Mission Support Center Oceanside, CA Work Experience NSW Systems Engineer Jacobs - San Diego, CA April 2019 to Present • Staying abreast of emerging trends in information technology and helping shape materials for the federal government  • Working with the government to understand their requirements and evaluate possible technical solutions  • Developing, maintaining, and supporting technical infrastructure, hardware, and system software components  • Performing installation, maintenance, optimization, and support of system software and hardware  • Performing end-user support in situations that require System Engineer Subject Matter Expertise  • Configuring, debugging, and supporting multiple infrastructure platforms  • Working as a strong team contributor, and providing technical expertise  • Engineering hosting environments to support complex operational databases, software configuration control, and system interfaces for computer networks related to customer requirements  • Maintaining file servers, network access; document, analyze, and troubleshoot systems anomalies to ensure optimum equipment performance  • Analyzing problems with systems hardware and software; developing technical solutions  • Translating user and systems requirements into functional technical specifications  • Writing and maintaining detailed systems documentation, including user manuals and technical manuals  • Acting as a liaison between developers and end users to ensure technical compatibility and end user satisfaction  • Applying hardware and software engineering expertise to lead application development and testing  • Analyzing the architecture and quality of hardware and software systems  • Utilizing knowledge of object-oriented analysis and design concepts, design patterns, and data structures Systems Engineer II BAE Systems - San Diego, CA July 2017 to April 2019 • Knowledge of and proficiency in development, integration, and testing of Distributed Common Ground System-Navy (DCGS-N) and Global Command and Control System Integrated Imagery and Intelligence (GCCS-I3) Software on CANES (Consolidated Afloat Networks and Enterprise Services).  • Knowledge of and proficiency in installation, integration, testing, and troubleshooting of DCGS-N systems onboard U.S. Navy platforms that use ISNS (Internet Storage Name Service) or CANES.  • Proficiency in installation, configuration, integration, and troubleshooting of the following operating systems: RHEL 6. x|7.x, Solaris 10|11, Windows 7|10, Windows 2008|2012 R2.  • Proficiency with System Hardening of the following operating systems: RHEL 6. x|7.x, Solaris 10|11, Windows 7|10, Windows 2008|2012 R2.  • Proficiency in the installation, configuration, integration, and troubleshooting of the following Workstation Software: GCCS-J Client, PFPS, GALE Client, Open Text Exceed, Open Text Secure Shell, Google Earth EC, JWS Client, SOCET GXP, JWS, CGS Client, GERT Client, MOVINT, Vantage Client, Video LAN Client Chart Reader, Renoir, Builder, DIEE, ESSD Client, VideoScout Insyte, and Analyst's Notebook.  • Proficiency in the installation, configuration, integration, and troubleshooting of the following server software: Widget Server, Edge Services, GCCS-J, CGS, GALE, iSToRE, Vantage, WhatsUp Gold, and DAOP.  • Responsible for obtaining DCGS-N Lab ATO accreditation using Risk Management Framework (RMF) process.  • Responsible for all internal/external processes documentation. Network Communications Analyst CSRA Inc - San Diego, CA January 2017 to July 2017 • ACAS (Assured Compliance Assessment Solution) /Nessus vulnerability scanner SME  • Responsible for all Nessus scanner plugin updates.  • Responsible for standard operating procedure creation/refinement for MSC IA, MSC Afloat contractors, and shipboard personnel.  • Familiar with Navy information assurance policy and incident reporting.  • Familiar with HBSS (Host Based Security System) and ePolicy Orchestrator.  • Familiar with CLO (Cryptographic log-on) enforcement.  • WhatsUp Gold Subject Matter Expert.  • Assigned to plan, develop, design, manage and monitor the networking infrastructure.  • Ensure network availability and performance standards. ANOC Supervisor TEKsystems - San Diego, CA June 2016 to January 2017 • Tier 2 Technical Support to MSC (Military Sealift Command) Afloat Users.  • Respond to trouble calls; perform break-fix troubleshooting, plus analysis of problems and associated repair activities to return equipment, system, or network to normal operational status.  • Maintain 24x7x365 communications guard support for MSC ships worldwide; processing general services messages via Defense Messaging System (DMS) and AUTODIN, and ensuring quality control of all incoming and outgoing naval message traffic.  • Maintain and monitor over 16 SIPRNET (Classified) and NIPRNET (Unclassified) Exchange BridgeHead Servers and accounts, supporting over 3,000 Afloat End Users.  • Process work orders and trouble calls via Remedy.  • Assist clients via phone, email, and remote administration in resolving web browsing and email problems, clear printer queues; POP-3 configurations, LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol), and various CLAN (Classified LAN), password lockouts and resets.  • Monitor and manage the Next Generation Wideband (NGW) system, providing Classified/Unclassified Internet web browsing, email, and phone services to over 70 ships and mobile units globally. I.T. Support Technician Mission Healthcare - San Diego, CA December 2015 to June 2016 • Cloud My Office (CMO) Administrator: CMO is a third party vendor that hosts our email server and share drive. Responsibilities include adding/disabling users, enabling email exhanges, mapping printers on our network, creating email/file share groups, and managing/installing applications on employees' virtual desktops. We currently have over 1,000 employees.  • PRTG Network Scanning Support: Used to track bandwidth traffic, network usage, and the status of all devices conneted to the network. Responsibilities include monitoring 6 firewalls, 3 switches, 26 printers, 7 NEC phone systems, and over 200 network ports.  • MaaS360: A secure productivity suite that runs on all mobile devices for mobile device management, application management, secure document sharing, threat management, and secure mail. We currently are migrating over 1,000 devices from our old mobile device management suite Mobile Iron to MaaS360. Responsibilities include adding/disabling users, creating policies, testing/implementing those policies along with troubleshooting any out-of-compliance devices.  • Windows Intunes: Used to deliver comprehensive settings management and to protect data. Responsibilities include verifying that devices are properly reporting, anti-virus is up-to-date, and asset management. We currently have over 200 desktops/laptops on Windows Intunes. We are currently in the procress of migrating all of our devices over to MaaS360 after we image all of our systems with Windows 10.  • SFAX-Secure digital faxing. Responsibilities include adding/deleting users, setting up fax lines, and setting permissions for each user. Currently migrating all employees to this system.  • Asset Management: Verifying that all information matches up between Mobile Iron/MaaS360, Verizon Control Panel, Windows Intunes, Cloud My Office and our master assets list. We currently have over 1,500 devices to keep track of and keep operational, updated, and compliant with company policy. Also, make recommendations to the Director of IT on cost-cutting solutions. Cost savings of over $4,000 a month was possible due to these audits. Systems Administrator/Tactics Department Assistant Security Manager U.S. Navy - San Diego, CA November 2013 to December 2014 * System Administrator for Joint Mission Planning System (JMPS).  * Responsibilities include adding/deleting users, maintaining LAN and NAS, re-imaging computers, installing patches, software updates, and troubleshooting any issues that arise. Setup included over 10 laptops connected to one another on a LAN, which was connected to a network storage device and printer.  * Subject Matter Expert for Digital Map Kneeboards (DMK). Responsibilities included installing patches and troubleshooting any issues for over 20 DMKs.  * Recreation and update of critical security instructions and procedures to ensure Tactics Department was compliant with all Navy directives.  * Provide training to over 30 pilots and aircrew, ensuring HSC-21 Tactics Department personnel stayed compliant with U.S. Navy policy and procedures. Supervise operator training and development U.S. Navy - San Diego, CA September 2009 to November 2013 San Diego, CA  * Direct the tactical integration of joint inter-service link operations; control communications, track overall processing, sensor information correlation, and link integration within the theater of operations.  * Solution management within link operation problems.  * Communicate hierarchy faults to higher authority.  * Facilitate all troubleshooting, maintain network connectivity, and maintain system performance.  * Supervise operator training and development.  * Execute joint services and Navy-specific applications and processes.  * Manage C4I database management functions, communications operations and Force Over the Horizon Track Coordinator functions. Education MS in Engineering Management National University September 2019 MS in Cyber Security National University September 2017 BS in Information Technology Management National University June 2016 Skills NETWORK ANALYSIS, SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, SECURITY, CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT, SYSTEM ENGINEERING, TECHNICAL PLANNING, INTEGRATION, DOCUMENTATION, ASSET MANAGEMENT, SYSTEM INSTALLATION, SYSTEM SECURITY, Vmware, SCCM, Active Directory, Linux, System Administrator Additional Information Areas of Expertise    * Project Management  * Technical Planning/Analysis  * Solution Management  * Configuration Management  * System Integrations    * Support Planning  * Network Analysis  * System Security  * System Engineering  * System Hardening    * System Administration  * System Installation, Configuration, Integration and Testing  * Documentation & Reporting  * Asset Management