IT Security, Risk and Compliance Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span>, Risk and Compliance <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security, Risk and Compliance Analyst - Governor's Office of Information Technology Denver, CO Risk Assessments  Project Management  Experienced Information Security, Risk and Compliance Professional with Risk Management Framework (RMF)  technical functional and program management skills, business proficiency, HIPAA, HITECH, PCI, FTI, CJIS,  analytical and leadership etiquettes. NIST-CSF  NIST Series Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security, Risk and Compliance Analyst Governor's Office of Information Technology January 2017 to Present Cybersecurity  State of Colorado Government  January 2017 - Present Marketing  IT Security, Risk and Compliance Analyst IT Services  Protect the Integrity, Availability, and Confidentiality of the State of Colorado's resources and data. Technical Skills  Enforce the implementation of NIST frameworks, HIPAA, CJIS, PCI, and See page three  more for compliance, guideline and regulations.  Guide and enforce the implementation of Colorado Cyber Policies.  Conduct network, system, and application vulnerability security Education  assessments, generate report findings and provide remediation activities on Cybersecurity/GRC Specialist Juliana Isufaj March 2016 to August 2017 Marketing Consultant, Brand Ambassador  Brand development, web site traffic growth, web site UI and advertising revenue.  Developed brand strategy and statistics systems.  Strategic Consulting, including business plan & sales strategy development.  Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns  Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs)  Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights  Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience across multiple channels and customer  touch points Online Marketing Consultant Townsquare Interactive October 2015 to February 2016 Develop insightful, thorough recommendations to improve technical,  design, content, on-page and off-page optimization elements for Businesses  Manage a wide range of projects, including Organic SEO, Social Media Campaign,  Reputation Monitoring, Mobile Optimization etc.  Analyze client websites and current marketing details  Prospect for leads and manage pipeline of potential opportunities effectively.  Work with client services to ensure customer success and retention.  Research industry trends.  Exceed monthly sales quotas consistently    Cybersecurity Management/Governance Risk and Compliance  • Develop and implement security plans, guidelines and controls for cloud and application security.  • Expertise with risk mitigation strategies such as Cyber Kill Chain Methodology, NIST Series, PCI-DSS, FTI, CJIS,  and HIPPA/HITECH practices, policies and procedures.  • Experience with SaaS tools such as Salesforce, Dropbox, MS Office 365, Google Suite, Adobe etc.  • Involvement in enforcing and implementing IT general controls such as Access Control, Audit and Accountability,  Configuration Management, Contingency Planning, Incident Response, Maintenance and more.  • Perform security risk assessment and audit as needed as well as understand the characteristics of APTs tactics and can implement processes to prevent, mitigate and remediate threats  • Understanding of technical tools such as ZenGRC, Splunk, Nexpose, Wireshark etc.    Client Relations Sales/Customer Service Professional  • Provide technical training and support for client and teams members on various application as needed  • Create sound planning and procedure for clients technical training and user's awareness  • Increase company revenue by 20% through phone calls, rapport and building professional relationships  • Provide client support through excellent trouble-shooting and communication skills  • Develop business retention through analyzing and strategizing customers' support plan  • Experience in conveying concepts and issues to both technical and nontechnical clients  • Experienced with a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment    Juliana Isufaj | Cybersecurity/GRC Specialist Education Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity in various state agencies Metropolitan State University of Conduct IT internal assessment 2020 Governance Risk Management & Compliance Securest Academy 2017 Skills Cyber Security, Information Security