Financial Management Analyst / Assistant Security Manager Financial Management <span class="hl">Analyst</span> / Assistant <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager Financial Management Analyst / Assistant Security Manager - Department of the Navy - Financial Management Career Program Woodbridge, VA I am currently a Financial Analyst and Assistant Security Manager for the Department of the Navy in Arlington, VA. I provide financial management and security support to the Financial Management Career Program for new employees joining the program.     As an undergrad, I studied Latin American and Iberian Studies and Secondary Education and hope to go into the education field at either the high school or collegiate level. I value the importance of a quality education and hope to spread my interest and enthusiasm for working with young people, as they pursue higher education.    I am a member of the University of Richmond Alumni Recruitment Committee, which is administered by the office of admission. As a member of this committee, I assist prospective students in learning more about the university and am one of their first contacts with the university. After speaking with students, I submit written summaries to the office and communicate with the students throughout the admissions cycle. Work Experience Financial Management Analyst / Assistant Security Manager Department of the Navy - Financial Management Career Program - Arlington, VA June 2019 to Present June 2019 -- Present  ? Assist in developing budgets and estimates to support plans, programs and activities for the Naval Financial Management Career Center (FMCP); review and evaluate budget requests and expenditures for the Navy and Department of Defense (DoD) as a whole.  ? Ensure the Naval security program is coordinated and includes all requirements through background checks in DoD systems.  ? Issue interim or temporary clearances for prospective or onboarding Naval civilian employees.  ? Monitor security control of outside visit requests to and from the military command when the visitor requires and is authorized, access to classified information.  ? Present on the FMCP program to prospective employees at career and college fairs.  ? Interview prospective hires for the FMCP program through phone and meetings.  ? Research guides to locate accounting, budgetary and financial information and prepare summaries for use by higher-graded analysts.  ? Prepare preliminary budget estimates/financial reviews for programs or program support activities. Financial Business Analyst Tech Marine Business - Arlington, VA June 2018 to June 2019 Provided financial management support to the Office of Naval Research (ONR) Office of the Comptroller. Specifically, provided direct support to the Director of Financial Management in all areas of budget and funding document execution.  ? Monitored and maintained the Financial Management In-Box as the first point of contact.  ? Analyzed and maintained Purchase Requisitions (PRs) and Military Interdepartmental Purchase Requests (MIPRs) for obligation after performing activities accept funding documents. PRs and MIPRs are used to fund warfare, communications and other counter-terrorism acquisitions.  ? Assisted in researching and preparing responses to financial data requests such as lines of accounting for correct funding procedures (direct cite and reimbursable funding) and other customer service calls.  ? Created and executed Purchase Requisitions in Navy Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) as directed by office personnel for ONR departments including Warfare and Combating Terrorism, Intelligence and Reconnaissance, Ocean battlespace, Air Warfare.  ? Analyzed and updated status of funding documents to assist management with identifying outstanding commitments or excess funds. Created amendments in ERP to redistribute identified funds to other contracts both at ONR and outside activities.  ? Maintained and updated contract spreadsheets, logging all contracts. Tracking all commitments, obligations and expenditures to ensure activities' targets are met in order to ensure the organization sustains government contracts.  ? Analyzed financial data with day-to-day contracts and business operations requirements correcting and reporting any errors found to both internal and external activities.  ? Performed frequent internal and external customer service duties, including regularly scheduled and ad hoc meetings. Recorded meetings and shared briefs of each meeting organization-wide. Intern National Park Service / Greening Youth Foundation - Washington, DC September 2016 to April 2017 Provided consistent and accurate information to the visiting public at National Capital Parks-East, which included scheduling tours of the Frederick Douglass National Historic Site and other administrative affairs throughout the National Park Service  ? Assisted program manager with research projects on Frederick Douglass, such as Douglass' family timeline, researching and fact-checking historical information. Additionally, produced graphics pertaining to findings for public use  ? Developed and implemented social media updates for various sites within the parks, such as event announcements on Twitter and Snapchat  ? Represented National Capital Parks-East at local events. For instance, attending the Frederick Douglass Birthday Celebration in the Anacostia region in Washington D.C.  ? Prepared programming for site designation, maintaining several National Historic Sites for public use  ? Participated in regional youth activities, conducting presentations on the National Park Service and related topics in local elementary and middle schools  ? Mentored and trained youth employees  ? Designed promotional posters for special events such as the Easter Egg Hunt and Oratorical Contest at the Frederick Douglass National Historic Site  ? Updated National Park Service guests contact lists through Constant Contact online  ? Staffed the front desk of the visitors center at the Frederick Douglass National Historic Site; managed phone calls for visitors and employees; aided guests; and manned the cash register at the gift shop IT / General Intern The Conservation Fund - Arlington, VA June 2015 to August 2015 Assembled and broke down staff computers  ? Inventoried organization's software and hardware  ? Created how-to guides for Adobe Acrobat and various other software for office-wide use  ? Used HTML to create profiles on the association web site  ? Attended Department of Agriculture hearing on Capitol Hill  ? Organized association forms, answered phones and supported other administrative functions Secondary Practicum Spanish Teacher Freeman High School - Richmond, VA January 2014 to May 2014 Observed two sections of Spanish I classes  ? Evaluated teacher and students on the required practicum student observation guide  ? Aided teacher by preparing materials for the upcoming class  ? Assisted students with schoolwork both before and during class  ? Participated in discussion activities with teacher and students in class  ? Designed and taught activities in Spanish Volunteer Crossover Healthcare Ministry - Richmond, VA August 2013 to December 2013 Greeted and signed in patients at the front desk  ? Cataloged patients' appointment treatments into MedFx software on the computer  ? Filed patients' health records in a paper system  ? Scheduled appointments with patients through the phone, both in English & Spanish Match Day Intern D.C. United & United Soccer Club - Washington, DC May 2012 to June 2012 Sorted materials for various community-oriented drives  ? Prepared uniforms and other equipment for players for MLS team D.C. United  ? Ran soccer practice for local school kids enrolled in the United Soccer Club Program.  ? Helped facilitate fundraising activities  ? Maintained the presentation of RFK Stadium and nearby practice fields  ? Worked at multiple stations during a D.C. United game, selling food and other goods Education Bachelor of Arts and Sciences in Latin American and Iberian Studies in Education University of Richmond - Richmond, VA August 2012 to May 2016 St. Agnes School - Alexandria, VA September 2000 to June 2012 Skills ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING, ERP, HTML, DATABASE, RECRUITMENT, EXCEL, MICROSOFT PAINT, POWERPOINT, MICROSOFT WORD, WORD, PHOTOSHOP, INDESIGN, Outlook, Data Entry