Manager, Information Services and Compliance Manager, Information Services and Compliance CHPSE, Manager of Information Services and HIPAA Compliance Milwaukee, WI Bilingual cyber security and IT management professional specializing in compliance, network administration, cloud migration and advanced data governance. A lifelong learner skilled in communication and aligning business demands with information technology capabilities. Skills include administering Azure, Office 365, and implementing security frameworks to ensure legal compliance without sacrificing efficiency. Certified HIPAA Privacy and Security Expert. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Manager, Information Services and Compliance HealthChampion Partners, LLC - Milwaukee, WI June 2019 to Present Holding the dual role of supporting users and managing organizational security and compliance gives me a unique insight into how security practices affect efficiency. I leverage cloud automation and machine learning to implement security best practices with minimal hindrance on productivity. A life long learner, I understand that the state of cyber security is in constant flux and champion a model of continuous training and improvement for our multi-tiered defense posture. I led our company to become HIPAA compliant and I maintain compliance of networks, systems and people while serving as a consultant on legal requirements of vendor partnerships. I bridge the gaps between complex legal regulations, information technology capabilities and business needs to create a navigable and efficient compliance program.     Additional Responsibilities and Experience:  Agile Scrum Methodology  Security monitoring and log analysis, forensic analysis, root cause analysis, threat hunting, compromise assessments, and insider threat management.   Vulnerability management and incident response  Vulnerability scanning, testing/assessments, and penetration testing  Creating/maintaining security policies and procedures  Experience with Risk Assessments and determining treatment strategies  Solid understanding of network protocols and operating systems  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Lead System Administrator, HIPAA Security and Compliance Officer HealthChampion - Milwaukee, WI December 2018 to June 2019 Cloud Administration and Security  Lead Azure and Office 365 admin for Healthcare information startup. Master of leveraging automated tools and policies to merge and optimize security, compliance and efficiency. Responsible for building out Azure and Office 365 environment from 0 to HIPAA compliant. Securing web apps and containers via SAST and DAST solutions.    Network Design and Security  Passionate design and secure Implementation of Unify SDN network in new office locations. Master of securing networks by segregating networks via VLAN, restricting network access by MAC address, using advanced real time IDS, IPS, etc..     Compliance   Organization wide security framework implementation for ensuring compliance with HITRUST (medical information systems), HIPAA, PCI DSS and more. Policy creation and implementation for risk management assurance. Web Application security and risk remediation strategies which align with business needs.   IT Services Manager, HIPAA Security and Compliance Officer Easterseals - Milwaukee, WI January 2018 to December 2018 Managing information services, networks, systems and HIPAA compliance for 5 offices across Southeastern Wisconsin.    Duties include:  Managing service desk activities and monitoring service quality.   Management of network, infrastructure and systems.   Maintaining virtual server and remote desktop environment.   Ensuring security and availability of remote connections.  HIPAA Compliance - Writing policy and procedure, performing risk assessments, threat modeling and penetration testing   Security implementation, awareness and training lead.   Project and Mobile Device Management.   Uptime and Systems analysis for security and performance optimization.  Cloud Migration of on-premise systems.     Technologies:   Windows 2008, 2012 R2; VMware Infrastructure 5.5, Cisco Switches; Routers & ASA Devices; SAN Solution, IBM servers. Exchange, Mimecast, Ubiquity, Pfsense and Trend firewall.  Systems Analyst, PCI Compliance Retail Data Systems July 2017 to December 2017 Installing, Configuring and Troubleshooting retail systems nationwide. Setting up and monitoring encrypted networks for secure payment process flow. PCI SSC security trained for QIR. Account Executive Information Technology New Horizons Computer Learning Centers April 2016 to July 2017 Aligning IT with business needs by developing corporate training programs and Cloud migration consultation.  Responsible for ensuring successful skill building strategies or key areas of emerging technology. Education Information Security Auditing Milwaukee Area Technical College June 2019 Bachelors in Business Spanish UW-Milwaukee May 2015