Security Operations Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span> CompTIA Security+ Certified Cybersecurity Analyst Columbus, OH CompTIA SY0-501 Security+ certified Cybersecurity Analyst Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Operations Analyst FRANKLIN COUNTY DATA CENTER - Columbus, OH July 2019 to Present • Monitors systems, logs and network traffic for any anomalies, attempted unauthorized access or other intrusions while maintaining latest patches and updates.  • Escalates and communicates any attempted unauthorized access or other intrusions to management immediately.  • Establishes and oversees protocols related to Franklin County security incident response and resolution  • Assigns, documents, and maintains computer login codes, passwords, and access profiles for software applications and network access.  • Performs regular risk analyses to identify system and network vulnerabilities and formulate appropriate mitigation strategies.  • Assists in Incident Response (IR) and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) in the event of a breach, intrusion or theft.  • Coordinates the systems audits, system certification and accreditation, and validation of access profiles.  • Communicates standards for the use, operations, and security of the Franklin County Data Network.  • Responds to inquiries regarding data and computer security, policies, and procedures ( Security Incident and Event Management).  • Coordinates, documents, and reports on internal investigations of possible security violations.  • Performs Security Tools Administration role for one or more of the following: Patch Management, Antivirus Update, Network Scanning, Account Management, Web Filtering, and Intrusion Prevention System monitoring with the capability to learn additional tool sets as the security program evolves.  • Provides daily security operation report.  • Will be required to respond to security events during non-traditional hours. Cyber Security Analyst American Electric Power (AEP) - Columbus, OH January 2019 to June 2019 • Monitors information security technologies to identify suspicious and malicious activities across the enterprise (e.g., analyzes network traffic, vulnerability scans, identification of computer malware, unauthorized user activity) which may compromise the integrity and availability of systems.   • Analyze and monitor security violations, alerts and malware detection events and acts as a liaison regarding reported security events.   • Identify, investigate, respond to and mitigate possible security exceptions and incidents related to reported, detected and derived threat activities in real time.   • Provide analysis and recommendations using best practices and tools.                              • Identify and initiate resolution of problems that involve analysis of inadequate or conflicting data.   • Participate in threat and information sharing efforts with Federal Agencies, Sector Organizations and Security Partners within and external to the company.  • Communicate effectively both verbally and in written form.  • Demonstrate flexibility and capability to rapidly switch from one activity to another.  • Keep cyber security as the focal point during all activities.  • Collaborate with technology partners, support representatives, and IT management to coordinate and remediate security incidents.  Provisioning Coordinator, IAM/ End User Support Tech Alliance Data Systems November 2016 to January 2019 Perform moderately complex installation, maintenance repair, and support of Computer hardware, software and network connectivity  ? Troubleshoots and resolves moderately complex systems problems, including coordination between users and communications network components  ? Responsible for access control provisioning and deprovisioning for Card Services' applications and systems, analyzing access requests for proper format and authorization  ? Assist with developing the processes and procedures to support access provisioning assignments.  ? Assist with the creation and ongoing maintenance of access control role groups Tier 2 Conversion Analyst CCFI, Inc - Dublin, OH October 2016 to November 2016 Member of IT Conversion team that assists with getting recently acquired retail stores transferred onto our network via Velocloud routers and NetGear switches  ? Remotely install workstations, network printers and IP phones via VNC Viewer and add users/devices into Active Directory  ? Provide Tier 2 support for any hardware/software issues that occurs in the stores that I manage  ? Assisted with the successful conversion of over 50 stores in Alabama and California onto our network IS CareConnect Support Technician/ Data Analyst OhioHealth - Columbus, OH November 2014 to July 2016 Provided Tier 1 Help Desk support to internal employees who call in with questions/concerns via Inbound phone technical support that included Password resets/Account unlocks  ? Hardware/software troubleshooting, installation, network/internet connectivity issues, printers, virus and spyware support  ? Member of CareConnect Private Practice Data Exchange Team that assisted with the transitioning of Central Ohio private practices from using ORB to OhioHealth Link to view patient information  ? Assisted with getting over 1,900 users training and access to OhioHealth Link  ? Achieved a 45% completion rate of users having access to OhioHealth Link within the 1st week of the OhioHealth Link Go Live IT Services Specialist Taft, Stettinius & Hollister, LLP March 2015 to January 2016 Provided on-site, desktop technical support for Columbus office attorneys and staff  ? Assisted with local office asset management, tracking and documentation (desktop/laptop, printer, Verizon MiFi)  ? In charge of local Active Directory inventory and user account management  ? Workstation deployment for laptops and desktops ( setup and configuration) including initial imaging and re-imaging  ? Responsible for providing a quarterly local office printer report to Printer Admin Education Associate of Science in General Studies Kent State University - Kent, OH December 2013 Skills Active Directory (4 years), Access Control (3 years), Account Provisioning (2 years), Desktop Imaging (2 years), PowerShell (Less than 1 year), Desktop Support (3 years), Windows Administration (3 years), Remote Support (2 years), Information Security (2 years), Information Technology (4 years), Networking (1 year), SCCM (1 year), Troubleshooting (4 years), Data Analysis (4 years), Linux (Less than 1 year), Comptia (Less than 1 year), Tech Support (5 years), Service Desk (2 years), Helpdesk Support (1 year), Mcafee (1 year), QRadar (Less than 1 year), SourceFire (Less than 1 year), ProofPoint (Less than 1 year), FireEye (Less than 1 year), RSA (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Office, access, security Military Service Branch: Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-3 June 2007 to August 2008 Operations Specialist Commendations: National Defense Service Medal Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ September 2018 to September 2021 Additional Information Areas of Strength  ? Information Security Tools & Technologies ? Technical Documentation  ? Identity & Access Management ? Data Analysis  ? Provisioning/De-provisioning User Accounts ? Teamwork  ? Role-based Access Control (RBAC) ? Troubleshooting & Incident Response    TECHNICAL EXPERTISE    Active Directory, Entrust IdentityGuard, Microsoft SCCM, WSUS, Altiris Deployment Console, Access Request Management System, ServiceNow Ticketing System, Basic PowerShell Scripting, IQTrack Ticketing System, Triole Ticketing System, EPIC EMR, Mainframe/RACF Provisioning, Basic SQL, Basic HTML, MobileIron, AirWatch, VNC Viewer, LAN Spec 2.0, VPN, VDI, VMware, Cisco Administrative Tools, Cisco Video Conferencing, Desksite Document Management, Basic Networking Setup & Configuration, PC & Electronics setup/troubleshooting/repair, Avaya Control Manager, Imaging/Re-imaging workstations