3rd Party Security Risk Analyst 3rd Party <span class="hl">Security</span> Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> 3rd Party Security Risk Analyst - NAVIENT Garland, TX • Detail oriented IT professional, experienced at working with sensitive and confidential information, an effective communicator with excellent documentation and report writing skills.  • Self-motivated team member with ability to function and collaborate with co-located and virtual teams with ability to prioritize assignments to meet deadline.  • Working knowledge of audit projects including: SOX 404, SSAE 18 (SOC 1, 2 reports), HIPAA and PCI - DSS, Vendor Security risk analysis, Security analysis  • Working knowledge of IT Tools including Microsoft Access, Microsoft SharePoint, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and Outlook Express. Work Experience 3rd Party Security Risk Analyst NAVIENT - Fisher, IN, US June 2018 to Present • Assist with various Third-Party Risk Management program initiatives working closely with the Third-Party Risk Management Leads  • Conducts on-site risk assessments based on agreed upon procedures guidelines.  • Reviewed key vendor-provided documentation such as SSAE 18 Type-II report.  • Act as remediation analyst to work with vendors in remediating findings discovered during the onsite/virtual assessment.  • Experience with e-GRC tools to ensure secure and prompt communication of findings and deployments of questionnaire to the vendor and to track vendor progress on remediation.  • Carry out various types of vendor assessments such as onsite, virtual, risk assessment.  • Working with the vendors to ensure risk discovered are remediated within reasonable time.  • Ensure third party relationship adhere to company's policies, procedures and compliant with regulatory guidelines and industry best practices.  • Facilitated remediation for any third-party related operational issues as needed.  • Assesses operational fitness of assigned third parties through due diligence reviews.  • Provides ongoing monitoring for third party risk due diligence.  • Performed continuous monitoring by assessing tools during onsite visits to validate the security questionnaires filled out by the vendors to ensure protection of data at the vendor sites. 3rd Party Security Risk Analyst Wintrust Financial Corporation - Chicago, IL March 2017 to May 2018 • Administer assessment questionnaires to our vendors.  • Perform continuous monitoring by assessing tools during onsite visits to validate the security questionnaires filled out by the vendors to ensure protection of data at the vendor sites.  • Conduct on-site and virtual risk assessments of our vendors based on agreed upon procedures guidelines.  • Review key vendor-provided documentation such as SSAE 18 SOC2 Type-II report.  • Review the access control managements such as physical and logical access on the vendor site.  • Assess areas such as business continuity and disaster recovery, PCI, physical security, system development, operation, access control, incident management, insider threat, security policy  • Escalate issues of 3rd party vendor's non-compliance to the vendor risk management office (VMO).  • Perform Data lost prevention analysis of our data at the vendor site.  • Validate all controls at the vendor site to ensure there is confidentiality of our data in their custody.  • Review all the security policies and procedures documentations provided by the vendor.  • Working with the vendors to ensure findings discovered during the assessment are remediated within reasonable time based on the risk categories. IT Audit Analyst Sears Holding May 2016 to February 2017 • Performed audit of IT general and application controls, information security, systems development, change management, business continuity, disaster recovery and computer operations.  • Performed IT general controls testing for Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) 404 compliance, and Service Organization Control (SOC) reports /SSAE18 (formerly SAS 70).  • Performed IT Infrastructure Audit to test default account, vendor update & patches, password setting and unnecessary services running over the applications.  • performed walkthroughs and detailed testing of controls to evaluate the design and operating effectiveness of controls.  • Performed SSAE 16 /SOC engagements by overseeing the identification of control objectives, the assessment of risk, planning and executing control testing and documentation of IT General, Application, and Process controls.  • Performed testing of IT General and Application controls such as access control, change management and IT infrastructures on all workstation and network Business Developer Standard Parking - Chicago, IL February 2015 to March 2016 • Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organization; make research and build relationships with new clients.  • Meet with client decision makers for prospective investments decisions.  • Works with team to develop proposals that speaks to the client's needs, concerns, and objectives.  • Participate in negotiating solutions/services.  • Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion.  • Professionally present new products and services without jeopardizing existing services.  • Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet customer needs.  • Coordinates and participate in internal and external client debrief.  • Submit weekly progress reports and ensure data is accurate.  • Present business development training and mentoring to internal staff.  • Research and develop a thorough understanding of the company's people and capabilities. Education BSc. in Business Administration University of Ado Ekiti October 2014 Skills Excel (Less than 1 year), Mainframe (Less than 1 year), Microsoft Word (Less than 1 year), SAP (Less than 1 year), Share Point (Less than 1 year), Unix (Less than 1 year), Word (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS:  Excel, Mainframe, Microsoft Word, SAP, Share Point, Unix, Word