Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst Work Experience Information Security Analyst Win Support Inc - Manassas, VA March 2016 to January 2019 Provided security communication, awareness and training for staff members  ? Performed security posture assessments using Nessus  ? Created customized audit policies to maintain security posture  ? Setup a privileged account management system, autorotation of local admin passwords, and two-factor authentication  ? Utilized continuous network monitoring to maintain patch compliance  ? Designed and documented security policies, including acceptable encryption and use, disaster recovery planning, and SOPs in accordance with multiple compliance standards (GDPR, PIPEDA, SP 800-14, PCI DSS, ISO27001:2013)  ? Managed the Backup of various system servers using Symantec Backup Exec Security Admin Services Analyst II Wells Fargo-Corporate Trust Services - Columbia, MD July 2015 to March 2016 Completed compliance tests in accordance with tax withholding and reporting laws  ? Interpreted various legal documents, including SLAs, PSAs, Indenture and Trust Agreements  ? Proactively monitored pooled loans to determine non-compliance  ? Fulfilled risk and compliance obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and implementing solutions commensurate with the business unit's risk appetite and all risk and compliance program requirements  ? Conducted risk assessment taxable entities including REMICs, Partnerships, Disregarded Entities, Grantor Trusts, and WHFITs  ? Utilized CTS processing applications (Laser, Phoenix, PACS, Belloq, SEI) to evaluate RMBS and CMBS deal cash flows, reconcile transactions and to analyze quarterly and annual tax basis financial statements for issuers of Pass-Through Securities IT Specialist Athena Prep - Gaithersburg, MD July 2012 to June 2015 Implemented and maintained use of customer relationship management (CRM) software to streamline timesheets, scheduling, invoicing, and tracking student progress  ? Determined proper installation parameters for software and hardware, for smooth integration, transition and efficiency  ? Created and set permissions for security groups  ? Developed and maintained company website IT Consultant MCPD Information Management and Technology Division - Gaithersburg, MD November 2013 to April 2014 Confirmed project requirements by studying user requirements; conferring with others on project team  ? Assisted in analysis and design activities associated with the development and maintenance of the database  ? Performed data record management for incident and accident reports using various DBMS  ? Intersystem data transfer from Computer Aided Dispatch to Collisions database  ? Utilized Ejustice software to extract relevant information, confirm expungements, and resolve information requests  ? Collection and management of daily crimes bookings IT Support Analyst Entitle Mortgage Corporation - Rockville, MD May 2008 to October 2010 Installed OS Windows, Microsoft Office, security software and various production software on workstations  ? Performed system data migration from old systems to new systems during upgrades to ensure data was seamlessly and transparently available for users before and after migrations  ? Implemented and monitored system backups  ? Created and managed access controls of user and security groups  ? Implemented use of loan origination software to streamline lending operations, ensure data confidentiality, and reducing manual processes  ? Performed RCA for Windows performance/configuration issues Education B.S. in Finance George Mason University Awards University Scholar This $80,000 academic scholarship award is the most competitive  and distinguished merit scholarship at George Mason  University. Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ Scrum Fundamentals Splunk Certified User Six Sigma Yellow Belt Oracle Databases for Developers Foundations