RSC Rep IV RSC Rep IV Customer Support -Spectrum Cable Carrollton, TX Work Experience RSC Rep IV Spectrum Cable September 2017 to Present • Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience.  • Coordinates all quota moves with field supervisory staff and technical operations manager and ensures consistency of routing and work load allocation.  • Manage technicians routes on a daily from moving, closing & rescheduling jobs as needed  • Make sure technicians arrive on time to their appointments, if not contact customer for ETA  • Create schedules for TQA for the next/same day routes  • Assist technicians with work order support in the closing, adjusting, and the removal/adding of equipment  • Provide assists to other agents with calls and offer them a timely solution to their problems  • Completed jobs by using proper resolutions and correct coding  • Ensured install orders are correctly inputted and the charges are appropriately being added to the bill  • Create Quick Reference Guide and assisted with rewriting the processes that are needed for the floor  • Work with Supervisor to assign the necessary duties for closing dispatchers  • Supported new hires with training and floor support  • Provided one on one training on new processes  • Partner with supervisor on giving back-up support in Etd's and Routing daily Driver Uber December 2015 to 2019 • Provided excellent customer services to clients.  • Dealing directly with the public. This includes transporting clients to their destination safely and efficiently.  • Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. PIT Driver Amazon.com - Coppell, TX July 2016 to October 2017 • Receive products using frequency scanners and unload shipments from trucks.  • Handle packages from small envelopes to boxes ranging up to 49 pounds.  • Prepare product for shipment to customer's home or business.  • Operate carts, dollies, hand trucks and other moving equipment to move large quantities of merchandise. Lead Teacher Childcare Network August 2016 to January 2017 04/17- 11/17  • Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play.  • Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music, storytelling, and fieldtrips.  • Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their children, and suggest ways that they can promote learning and development.  Amazon Bakery Clerk Kroger June 2016 to December 2016 • Performs a variety of semi-routine duties involving customer service, inquiries and problem solving while maintaining positive customer relations.  • Stocks and removes outdated product to/from shelves.  • Assist in unloading of Bakery deliveries.  • Cake and cupcake decorating. Helpdesk Technician Esurance February 2014 to August 2014 • Access software updates, drivers, knowledge bases, and frequently asked questions resources on the Internet to aid in problem resolution  • Document all pertinent end user identification information, including name, department, contact information, and nature of problem or issue.  • Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, via telephone or from remote location. Security Coordinator Blue Shield /Ascent April 2013 to December 2013 • Provide Vendor support to users on their tickets and resolve them in a timely manner.  • Trained staff on the use of the company's standard software applications/databases  • Created and disable accounts for vendor boxes.  • Answered emails and contact Supervisors, trainers, managers, directors, and Vendors on a daily basis regarding Status update and user access. Technical Support Analyst Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman November 2012 to January 2013 • Install, maintain and support client hardware, software and peripherals  • Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, via telephone or from remote location.  • Assisted staff with questions in regards to software: Best Authority, Office 2003/2010; Windows XP/Win 7; iManage DeskSite and Filesite and CCC Macros Supported staff with inquiries about the firm's legal software.  • Ensured that Attorney's and staff expectations are met and are within the firm's SLA's  • Setup audio and video equipment for all conference room meetings  • Communicated with IT and/or Department Leads regarding program technology and other requirements.  • Trained staff on the use of the company's standard software applications/databases IT Support /Trainer Meyers Nave - Direct, TX November 2011 to November 2012 • Delivered world class support to 5 offices and 500+ end-users  • Aided staff with difficulties with the firm's software Applications  • Install, maintain, support client hardware, software, peripherals and system upgrades  • Setup audio and video equipment for all conference room meetings  • Design and development of in-house training programs, including individual course design and objectives; Account Administrator II Sutter Health/Direct Technology February 2011 to September 2011 • Provided phone support to users on their tickets and resolve issues in a timely manner.  • Trained staff on the use of the company's standard software applications/databases  • Answer questions or resolve computer problems for clients in person, via telephone or from remote location.  • Answer phone calls and contact Supervisors, managers, directors, and dept. secretary on a daily basis regarding time sensitive Emerging Technologies Operations Trainer/Project Lead Cisco June 2009 to December 2010 • Trained staff on the use of the company's standard software applications/databases via Tele Presence, conference calls, small groups or one on one.  • Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates database systems and user needs to provide recommendations and solutions to parallel overall business strategies  • Develops strategies for, and manages the implementation of database consolidations to streamline efficiencies as needed throughout the company, and participates in planning and execution of future upgrades and technology enhancements  • Develops special reports, and data retrievals for staff as needed, and was the point person for managing custom reporting requests  • Oversees day-to-day integrity of database and database procedures, which may include conducting weekly and monthly audits of data to confirm use of accurate entry processes; identifying and eliminating duplicate records; archiving of records with no activity for specified period; and maintaining users security settings Education AA degree in General Studies Colorado Tech University February 2011 to October 2012 Skills Help Desk, Customer Service, Call Center, Customer Support, Desktop Support Certifications/Licenses Non-Profit Management May 2019 to Present