IT Engineering Support <span class="hl">IT</span> Engineering Support Chesterfield, MI A dedicated and highly energetic person who thrives in pressure situations and can be counted on when needed. Skilled in Network Administration, Network Security, File Servers, Database Servers, and Workstations and other related systems. Takes pride in providing creative direction and out of the box thinking. Enjoys complex, multi- tasked assignments where pulling together a collaborative pool of skills is essential. Fosters a lively and professional work environment and values commitment to excellence, innovation, and customer service. Work Experience IT Engineering Support American Axle & Manufacturing, Inc. - Rochester Hills, MI January 2015 to Present - Analyze and resolve hardware/software problems onsite or remote operational mode  - Design, installation, configuration and maintenance of a comprehensive IT infrastructure with a focus on Microsoft Windows  - Removal and installation of hardware components and peripherals  - Installation of additional software and manually and via deployment console  - User requests for technical advice and support  - Installation and customization of client equipment  - Provide concierge support to VIP/Executive personnel as needed  - Classification of technical queries and forwarded to relevant departments  - Documentation of customer inquiries  - PC Refresh Life Cycle Process and deployment  - Use client security tools (antivirus, encryption)  - Use remote support tools, and ticketing tools  - Customizing user profiles  - Hardware installation and hardware expansion  - Instruction and advice to the user  - Backup and restore of user data  - Commissioning and network switching operations  -Coordination with IT coordinators and users DealerCONNECT Business Analyst/Global Security Chrysler Headquarters - Auburn Hills, MI January 2014 to February 2015 Responsibilities  -Responsible for the processing and implementation of security and operational based solutions for intranet portal users.  -Administration of portal trouble tickets, user credentials, security access protocol, and coordination of user documentation on developer's website.  -ITM colleagues and dealership personnel to execute all dealer information, organization types and attributes in mainframe and developer's website environment.    Accomplishments    Skills Used  I possess a unique talent for delivering highly complex technical information. I am multi task oriented. It would be an honor to work for your company. HP Service Manager, Jira, and Service Desk Express Logicalis - Auburn Hills, MI December 2012 to January 2014 Auburn Hills, MI (Dec 2012- current)    Helpdesk Support  Handled technical troubleshooting within over 20 different enterprise accounts, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries.  - Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues in HP Service Manager, Jira, and Service Desk Express with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets.  -Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores,  -Handled 35+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards. HP Technical Support Hewlett Packard - Pontiac, MI January 2012 to December 2012 Pontiac, MI  Technical Solutions (Jan 2012 to Dec 2012)  -Handled technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries.  - Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues in HP Service Manager, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets.  -Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary customer satisfaction scores,  -Handled 30+ technical/mission-critical calls daily and consistently met high service standards. Technical Support Agent Geek Squad April 2011 to February 2012 Troubleshooting user problems relating to Operating System issues, Network Connectivity, upgrades, MS Office products and Internet connectivity.  - Performed upgrades, installation of software and drivers and essential desktop troubleshooting.  - Deployed updates, service packs and hot fixes using Windows Update, Automatic Updates, and Group Policies.  - Installed logical printers on a print server and preparing print server to host clients. Troubleshooting hardware peripherals like printers modem etc.  - User rights and permission, disabling and enabling accounts, file and folder permissions and configuring security templates as needed  -Resolved technical issues pertaining to any hardware or software related problem.  - Evaluated, purchased and installed hardware components, applications, service packs and operating system upgrades. Education AS in General Studies Grand Rapids Community College BS in Computer Science Saginaw Valley State University Additional Information Skills  - Operating Systems: Windows 7/ Vista/ NT/2000/XP (workstation & server), Windows 95/98/ME, MAC, Android, Blackberry OS, and a little MS-DOS, Linux and UNIX.  - MS Office programs, HTML, and Visual Basic Script web programming, SAP, Novell, Telnet, RSA, SharePoint, Console One, WebEx, Agile Connect, Nortel VPN, HP Service Manager, and more.  - Knowledge about Active Directory, proxy, firewalls, routers,  - Quick learner with ability to translate complex ideas and processes into technical facts or persuasive non-technical presentation.  - Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload  - Attention to detail and precision, solid work ethics concerning meeting deadlines and reliability.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills