Self Employed Contractor Self Employed Contractor Information Security Analyst Orange, CA Seeking an Entry-level IT or Information Security position with room for growth that will utilize my experience, strong problem-solving capabilities, and excellent written/oral communications skills to provide IT solutions that will exceed expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Self Employed Contractor Self Employed - Orange, CA May 2017 to Present Assist elders with computer training, software installation, and anti-malware/virus education. Information Security Analyst American Advisors Group January 2016 to May 2017 Monitored firewall and server logs for unusual network traffic; scanned network for vulnerabilities and made recommendations for additional security controls or resolutions.  Managed and configured information security systems and software; Firewall (Palo Alto), SIEM (SolarWinds LEM), Antivirus (Symantec), Vulnerability Scanner (Nessus), Spam Filter (AppRiver), Full-disk Encryption (Symantec – Windows & Mac), Mobile Device Management (VM Ware AirWatch – Android & iOS).  Created PowerPoint presentations for Security Awareness employee training, as well as Desktop Support documentation for installation and troubleshooting procedures for AV, FDE, and MDM software.  Main point of contact for InfoSec projects: Encryption of mobile devices (450+ laptops & tablets) and installation of MDM software on employees’ personal mobile phones (500+ Android & iOS phones).  Assisted with the development and maintenance of policies, standards, and procedures to stay in compliance with company and government regulations, including Gramm Leach Biley Act (GLBA) and industry standards to protect customer and employee personal information. IT Security Intern & Desktop Support Technician American Advisors Group August 2015 to January 2016 Successfully completed a six-month internship with the desktop support and InfoSec teams.  Performed regular analysis of vulnerabilities to the company's internal network, researched threats, and blocked malicious IP addresses utilizing Palo Alto and AppRiver software.  Provided technical support to the desktop support department, as well as employees (internal & remote); imaging, installation, troubleshooting & repair, telecom.  Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite to include Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and Outlook.  Trained how to configure and maintain Windows 7/8/10, Server 2008/2012 R2 and Linux OS.  Familiar with computer hardware components and network devices such as CPUs and firewalls. Payroll Administrator American Advisors Group February 2014 to January 2016 Processed semi-monthly payroll for 1000 employees utilizing ADP and Paycom software.  Assisted with the transition from ADP to Paycom's payroll software and became the main point of contact for Paycom issues in house. Payroll Assistant (Temporary) University of San Diego October 2010 to January 2011 Assisted the University's payroll department with processing their bi-weekly payroll and stipends for over 3000 employees  Performed accurate data entry of direct deposit information, sorted/printed checks, and distributed payroll checks to employees. Office Manager Presidio Veterinary Hospital December 2009 to August 2010 Managed five employees, performed administrative and payroll duties, scheduled doctor appointments, and checked in/out patients. Payroll Coordinator / HR Assistant Coast Citrus Distributors January 2007 to August 2009 Processed multi-state bi-weekly payroll utilizing ADP and Kronos Workforce for 450 employees  Assisted the HR Director with clerical and administrative duties. Education Master of Science in Information Technology American InterContinental University - Schaumburg, IL December 2016 Skills DISK ENCRYPTION (2 years), Imaging (2 years), Project Management (1 year), Troubleshooting (10+ years), Palo Alto (2 years), Nessus (2 years), SolarWinds LEM (2 years), Antivirus (10+ years), Spam Filtering (2 years), Threat Analysis (2 years), It Security, Information Security, Cyber Security, SEC, Active Directory, security, access, testing, training, Microsoft Office Military Service Branch: United States Navy Service Country: United States Rank: E-4 December 1990 to December 1994 Aviation Electronics Technician - Calibrations of test equipment. Commendations: Letter of Appreciation from the United States Marine Corps. Certifications/Licenses Driver's License Additional Information TECHNICAL SUMMARY    Programming: C#, SQL (Beginner level)    Software: Palo Alto, Nessus Vulnerability Scanning, SolarWinds Log Event Manager, Symantec Anti-virus & full disk encryption, AppRiver, VMWare AirWatch MDM, Microsoft Office 2016 Access, Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint Visio, Visual Studio 2010, Project 2013, SQL Server 2008/2012, VMWare, Oracle VirtualBox, MS Dynamics, Oracle, ADP Workforce Now, Paycom    Operating Systems: Windows Server 2008/2012 R2, Windows 7/8/10, Mac OSX, UNIX