IT Network/ Security Engineer I <span class="hl">IT</span> Network/<span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer I IT Network Professional San Antonio, TX Dedicated IT leader with comprehensive network administration and information security experience. Proactive in implementing updates and solutions with minimal downtime and adept at troubleshooting technical issues resulting in quick resolutions. Monitor to ensure network availability to all system users and skilled in performing necessary maintenance to support network availability. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Network/ Security Engineer I RBFCU - San Antonio, TX September 2018 to Present Ensure the stable operation of network infrastructure, including routers, switches, firewall, and proxies. Design, test, deploy, and maintain all campus/branch network infrastructure.  • Monitor all network devices and traffic to ensure maximum availability, performance and response times.  • Install, manage, and maintain network LAN/WAN, and security infrastructure including wireless, VPN, and identify services.  • Serve as lead for network circuit contracts and inventory management  • Maintain accurate enterprise-wide asset management documentation such as circuit numbers, licensing, new orders, and disconnects  • Troubleshoot/Diagnose and provide root cause analysis for hardware, network, and O/S issues.  • Evaluate and analyze system and code vulnerabilities to provide recommendations for mitigation  • Coordinate with vendors and business partners to ensure proper installation of new service and equipment in corporate and branch locations  • Create and maintain high-quality documentation of all relevant specifications, systems, and procedures.  • Assist in the development of processes to maintain business continuity and recovery standards  IT Data Center Operator II Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union September 2015 to August 2018 Monitor RBFCU networks, branches, and severs from a central location. Implement, analyze, and troubleshoot all jobs related to nightly batch processing.                    • Performed first line problem determination and took appropriate action to correct any alarm conditions  • Tracked issues to resolution updating the internal knowledgebase.  • Administered SolarWinds platform including troubleshooting, upgrading, and patching   • Lead NOC projects start to finish  • Assisted in interviewing potential employees for open positions  • Trained new NOC operators on all duties and procedures IT Help Desk Analyst USAA July 2014 to September 2015 • Served as the first point of contact for all computer issues including, Hardware/Software Requests and escalations.  • Provide excellent customer service to internal employees.  • Quickly Identity issues to resolve or escalate in a timely manner  • Worked closely with Windows 7 enterprise, Active directory, remote desktop, VPN, Printers, Citrix/VMware, and internal USAA software.  • Use Service manager ticketing systems.  • Work on both voice and click to chat systems. Education Bachelor's in Network Operation and Security Western Governors University - San Antonio, TX September 2017 to September 2019 Skills Security, Cisco, firewalls, Active Directory, Vmware, Networking, VPN, LAN Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/cortez-reyna Awards Honors graduate 2016-12 Obtained my associates degree with honors.   3.7 GPA Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ September 2017 to November 2020 CompTIA Network+ October 2017 to November 2020 CompTIA Security+ November 2017 to November 2020 CompTIA Project+ November 2017 to December 2020 CCNA Routing and Switching April 2019 to April 2022 Cisco Certified Design Associate (CCDA) June 2019 to June 2022 CCNA Security July 2019 to July 2022