Physical Security Specialist (Armed Federal Contractor) Physical <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist (Armed Federal Contractor) Physical Security Specialist (Armed Federal Contractor) - FDIC Woodbridge, VA IT Security professional with over five years experience in Information System Auditing, IT Security Risk Assessment and evaluation, Assessment & Authorization (A&A) process.    I hold CompTIA Security + CE certificate, Bachelor's Degree (Information Technology major) and currently pursuing master's degree. (Cybersecurity major)    I have knowledge of security tools, Industry's best practices, FISMA regulations and NIST RMF.    I have a strong verbal/written communication skills and Technical Writing skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Physical Security Specialist (Armed Federal Contractor) FDIC - Arlington, VA October 2015 to Present I Investigate calls and complaints involving fire, theft, accident and hazard reports.  ? Continuous monitoring of security cameras and building alarm systems.  ? Performed access control  ? I Conduct Perimeter interior and exterior foot patrol.  ? Respond to medical and other emergencies.  ? Active threat response  ? Escort of un-cleared individuals within the facility.  ? Perform Security Operations Command duties.  ? I performed screening using X-Ray Machine Magnetometer device  ? Updates Security Operations Procedure (SOP) IT Security Analyst Systems Integration Inc May 2018 to March 2019 Ensure configuration management is appropriate for all Information Systems (IS) software and hardware, including that change control requirements are documented and tracked.  ? Conducted risk assessments regularly; ensured measures raised in assessments were implemented in accordance with risk profile, and root-causes of risks were fully addressed  ? Ensure security logs and audit trails are reviewed in accordance with established schedule.  ? Assist System Owners and ISSOs in preparing Assessment and Authorization packages for client's information systems.  ? Review and update Contingency Plan (CP) using NIST SP 80-34 guidelines.  ? Document and finalize the Security Assessment Report (SAR) based on the findings discovered from the Security test and Evaluation (ST&E).  ? Prepare reports recommending remediation methods for identified vulnerabilities while performing system assessments and evaluations.  ? Performed risk management, maintained the risk register and worked with team to develop mitigation and contingency plans.  ? Responsible for making sure that any information reported on various systems are updated in NCAD/ Xacta to enhance auto monitoring. Cyber Security Engineer (ISSO Support) MpacTsys - Ashburn, VA March 2013 to April 2016 Document and Review security plans (SP), contingency plans (CP), contingency plan tests (CPT), privacy impact assessments (PIA), and risk assessment (RA) documents per NIST 800 guidelines for various government agencies.  ? Monitor controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirement  ? Liaising between Information System Security Assessor and subject matter expects during major system assessments.  ? Evaluate threats and vulnerabilities of each system and ensure proper safeguards are in place to protect the environment  ? Provide a primary and secondary point of contact in the Vulnerability Management System (VMS) and to the MHS Information Assurance Vulnerability Alert (IAVA) Monitor  ? Perform on-site security testing using vulnerability scanning tools such as Nessus.  ? Develop NIST-compliant vulnerability assessments, technical documentation, and Plans of Action and Milestone (POA&M), and address system weaknesses.    Software / Platform / Artifacts  MS Office Suite, Windows, FIPS 199, NIST SP 800-60, E-Authentication, Privacy Threshold Analysis, PIA, Risk Assessment Report, Risk Management Framework (RMF) System Security Plan, Contingency Plan, ST&E, NIST SP 800-53A, Security Assessment Report, POA&M, ATO. Education MS in Cyber Security Stratford University BSc in Information Technology University of Cape Coast Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, Nist, Cybersecurity