Sr. IAM Security Engineer (contractor with Vaco) Sr. IAM <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer (contractor with Vaco) Experienced Sr. Identity and Access Management Security Engineer Irvine, CA Multiple years working in the IT support field with a proven track record in Identity and Access Management.  Skilled in Automation, Scripting, PowerShell, SailPoint and AWS.  Certifications:  AWS Cloud Solutions Architect - Associate.  SailPoint IdentityIQ Administration: Essentials v7.2. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IAM Security Engineer (contractor with Vaco) Pacific Life Inusrance - Newport Beach, CA September 2018 to Present • SailPoint Identity IQ administration including certifications, access review, policy setup, account and application risk assessment, role mining and setup.  • Active Directory user management.  • Microsoft Exchange on premises users, contacts and groups management.   • Utilizing different tools to further develop automation (Robotic Process Automation, AutoHotKey, Dataload Classic, Alteryx)  • Powershell scripting utilizing various modules: Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Skype for Business, Azure.  • Amazon Web Services Identity and Access Management.  • Creating and managing user accounts in Azure Active Directory.  • Creating and managing user accounts in DocuSign, Box, Core, Skype for Business, Mainframe (TPX, ALIS).  • Provisioning/de-provisioning of access for employees, consultants, vendors and contractors.  • Answer incoming calls or requests to provide broad level of support to customers to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve access related issues.  • Adherence to established SLAs, established processes, security controls and corporate policies.  • Ensure requests contain proper approvals and reviewing completed requests for accuracy.  • Perform access re-certifications on a scheduled basis (Weekly revocation reviews, biannual Cleanup)  • Provide reports, provisioning and approval evidence when requested by auditors and adhering to SOX compliance.  • PowerShell Script writing in order to automate repetitive tasks.   • Automating Weekly reports using PowerShell to assist in account cleanup efforts and stale object cleanup.  • Documenting Processes and work manuals.  • Researching and evaluating new solutions, products and technologies that enhance and improve services.  • Assessing process workflows and suggesting edits.  • Subject Matter Expert projects:   - Office365 License Management, Reporting and Automation   - Adobe Creative Cloud Suite License Management, Reporting and Automation IT Provisioning Specialist ICU Medical, Inc - San Clemente, CA March 2018 to Present • Provision Identity & Access Management for different applications.  • Active Directory user management.   • Creating and managing user accounts in Office365 admin center.  • Creating and managing user accounts in Airwatch MDM.  • Access management for Oracle E-business suite.  • Provisioning/de-provisioning of access of employees, consultants, and contractors.  • Answer incoming calls or requests to provide broad level of support to customers to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve access related issues.  • Adherence to established SLAs, established processes, security controls and corporate policies.  • Modify any existing access as requested through ticketing system.  • Ensure requests contain proper approvals and reviewing completed requests for accuracy.  • Perform access re-certifications on a scheduled basis.  • Provide reports, provisioning and approval evidence when requested by auditors.  • Performing modifications to Service Catalog and ticketing workflows.  • Creating scripts to further advance automated provisioning/de-provisioning.  • Maintaining operations support documentation.  • Researching and evaluating new solutions, products and technologies that enhance and improve services.  • Setup training for the team to introduce them to new processes.   • Assessing process workflow and suggesting edits using Microsoft Visio.  • Writing new Knowledge base articles and updating existing ones. Desktop Support Analyst Optum Serve - MSLA - Cypress, CA November 2017 to February 2018 Providing desk side assistance for employees.  IT equipment setup and provisioning for new employees.  Organize and execute equipment moves according to business needs.  Providing training on how to use a range of IT solutions including softphones, desk phones, VPN connections, mobile  devices and printers.  Troubleshooting and diagnosing system issues, opening and following up on IT tickets.  Responsible for inventory management and combining reports for new equipment orders.  Providing assistance over the phone for telecommuters using remote support tools (Teamviewer)  Providing support for teleconferencing, events, training rooms and audio visual support.  Manage user account data in Active Directory, OU allocations, and several lines of business applications.  Datacenter maintenance using guidance from the networking team.  Process port activations and patch board management.  Equipment replacement and data migration. Service Desk Analyst First American Financial Corp - Santa Ana, CA December 2015 to July 2017 Creating and reviewing Knowledge base articles based on the KCS knowledge management style.  Answering and assisting customer's phone calls supporting their IT needs.  Opening and following up on IT tickets (Service Now)  Working and following up on Self Service tickets.  Providing IT support over multiple support channels including: Voicemail, Email, Chat, Self Service tickets and phone calls.  First line troubleshooting for different devices including: projectors, docking stations, laptops, desktops,  thinclients, ipads, telepresence and smartphones.  Troubleshooting and managing a wide range of software products including: Active Directory, HR software,  Oracle business applications, Citrix, Remote Desktop connections, VPN, Web based VPN and proprietary  software.  Assisted customers with backing up, factory resetting and restoring Ios devices using itunes and icloud while providing troubleshooting for network issues, itunes connection errors, Microsoft exchange errors and connecting  accessories.  Worked on subject matter expert projects to shift left bringing knowledge to the service desk from other  departments to boost First Call Resolution.  Handled the role of FAST application subject matter expert assisting my team in identifying FAST issues and applying the proper troubleshooting processes to resolve FAST system issues.  Assisted with interviewing and training new Service Desk Analysts.  Assisted with coaching, quality assurance by listening to recorded calls and filling coaching forms. Service Desk Analyst Texas A&M University - Maitland, FL December 2014 to November 2015 Responsible for 15 different schools' IT issues including (coahoma community college, College of Southern Nevada,  Texas A&M University, etc.)  Answering and assisting higher education staff and students IT requests.  Providing first line of support aiming for first call resolution or escalating and coordinating with onsite IT support to make sure P1 tickets are addressed in a timely manner.  Troubleshooting a wide range of devices (Ipads, laptops, projectors, smartphones and smartboards)  Troubleshooting and managing different software including: Learning management software, Emails accounts,  Active Directory, Student portals and proprietary software.  Provide IT support over multiple support channels (Chat, Self Service tickets, emails and phone calls)  Utilized Service now to open and follow up on IT tickets. Product specialist / Application specialist Dirui IVD Diagnostics & Medical Equipment - Changchun, CN May 2013 to February 2014 promoted to a product specialist and I was working as an application specialist as well, my responsibilities  included Studying competitors' equipment and developing a marketing plan, Training distributors and end users on how to use Dirui's diagnostic analyzers, Editing brochures and user manuals and receive feedback from customers. Medical Sales Specialist Dirui IVD Diagnostics & Medical Equipment - Changchun, CN November 2012 to May 2013 Responsible for the region of America, Africa and Middle East.  Keeping relations with distributors and designing a sales plan.  Upselling and promoting Dirui's products to laboratories and hospitals. IT Support Specialist Cisco - Cairo, EG November 2011 to November 2012 Mainly providing support over email for Network managers who utilize Cisco devices and network management  tools.  Formatting and extracting information from the error logs provided by Cisco devices.  Opening IT tickets and escalating them to the correct assignment group.  Follow up on tickets opened and organizing the delivery of resolution to the correct support engineer from the third party entity. Education B.S.C in Pharmaceutical sciences Faculty of Pharmacy Cairo University - Cairo, EG September 2010 Skills It Specialist, Information Technology, Active Directory (5 years), provisioning (2 years), System Administration (2 years), service now (7 years), Network Support, System Administration, identity management, Powershell (3 years), AWS (1 year), Sailpoint (2 years), MS Exchange (5 years), Sailpoint (1 year) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-aziz-40593614/ Certifications/Licenses SailPoint IdentityIQ Administration: Essentials v7.2. Present