Food Server/Host/Busser Food Server/Host/Busser Food Server/Host/Busser - Black Angus Steakhouse Phoenix, AZ Work Experience Food Server/Host/Busser Black Angus Steakhouse - Phoenix, AZ October 2018 to Present While working at Black Angus I have been able to further approve on my customer service skills as well as my ability to complete tasks in the proper order, at a quick pace. As a food and beverage server I have had the opportunity to offer guests a memorable experience while providing excellent service. Duties included: promptly providing guests with top quality service as well as meeting and exceeding company wide sales goals. IT specialist/Maintenance Bennett Academy - Phoenix, AZ May 2018 to Present While working at Bennett Academy I have been in charge of maintaining and repairing computer systems at a charter school. My duties have included updating software, running security checks, diagnosing compatibility issues as well as mounting electronics and servicing computer peripherals. As an IT specialist I have also been responsible for setting up cloud based sharing services as well as utilizing Microsoft Office Suite. Busser/ Security/Food Server Chambers on First - Phoenix, AZ January 2017 to October 2018 During my time working at Chambers I have had many responsibilities and have been able to gain experience in many different aspects of the food service industry. While working as a busser I was responsible for setting up and clearing tables for guests in a timely manner. As a security guard I am responsible for the safety of our guests and staff. As a food server I was responsible for making sure that guests received their food and beverages quickly and that the orders being taken were accurate. I also take pride in making sure guests enjoy themselves and have an overall positive experience in our establishment. Brand Ambassador MKTG Inc - Scottsdale, AZ November 2016 to January 2018 As a brand ambassador for MKTG Inc I was expected to interact on-site with clients' target market in order to promote clients' products and services and increase sales. I heavily impacted sales results by performing product demonstrations and developments as well as supporting the execution of field marketing campaigns. Project Manager/Store Manager Gift Cards - Scottsdale, AZ October 2013 to April 2017 As a project manager at Cardlip I was responsible for securing, managing and completing projects comprehensively for a new startup website. In addition to my primary responsibilities I also spent a lot of time in the field meeting with new clients as well as maintaining client relations via email and phone. As a store manager for Cash 4 Gift Cards I was responsible for doing bank runs and handling substantial amounts of cash/assets, I was also responsible for the upkeep of stores, schedule making and bookkeeping. Compliance Analyst Assistant CMG Financial - Scottsdale, AZ December 2013 to December 2014 As a compliance analyst assistant, I was responsible for verifying employment history for loan applicants at a mortgage company. My main duties were inbound and outbound calls as well as data entry, program building, and quality assurance.    Cardiovascular Consultants Phoenix, AZ 08/09-09/10 Medical Records Assistant  As a Medical Records Assistant I was responsible for scanning medical records and filing them into the correct electronic patient charts, data entry and quality audit. I was also responsible for maintaining physical medical charts. Education Cortez High School - Phoenix, AZ 2008 to 2010 Skills DATA ENTRY, TYPING, FOOD SERVICE, DETAIL ORIENTED