Cyber Security Network Analyst and Systems Administrator Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Network <span class="hl">Analyst</span> and Systems Administrator Cyber Security Network Analyst and Systems Administrator - Tata Consulting Services @ Microsoft Kent, WA Meticulous IT/ Security professional who undertakes complex assignments, meets tight deadlines and delivers superior performance. Possesses practical knowledge in cyber security and prevention. Applies strong analytical skills to inform senior management of key trends to aid in the reduction of company expenditures. Excellent team building skills while thriving in deadline-driven environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Network Analyst and Systems Administrator Tata Consulting Services @ Microsoft July 2015 to Present • Conduct data forensic investigations for enterprise computer security incidents for internal attacks/intrusions and computer abuse investigations.  • Performed initial analysis and risk assessment of 1,000's of Windows events per month to prevent and mitigate security threats across Microsoft's online services environment.  • Utilized Wire Shark, Nmap, Cosmos and other tools for analyzing data to validate and provide remediation of security reports on both internal and customer Azure services.  • Managed relationships between security reporters and engineering groups to ensure security vulnerabilities are properly remediated before publicly released.  • Entrusted with business level decisions to suspend repeat offenders of the Azure Terms of Use.  • Ensured compliance of Information Technology Security Policies across 1,000's of devices to minimize Microsoft's security exposure.  • Participated in cross-company security operations supporting global incidents and campaigns.  • Responsible for onboarding, training and documentation throughout the CDOC Cloud and Enterprise Triage Team. Systems Administrator/ IT Support Ratio Cypress LLC July 2014 to June 2015 Multi-screen app development agency responsible for putting top name brands such as Disney, iHeartRadio and Microsoft on to different devices like Roku, Xbox and Android.  • Responsible for the IT department's computer/software inventory and purchases for over 100 employees on a month-to-month basis.  • Accountable for providing technical support and administration to various production/development services and systems to over 100 employees to include Ratio's CEO.  • Advised company in bringing co-located servers in house and finding a more suitable ISP to help save just over $27,600 a year. Ranger United States Army Special Operations Command April 2011 to July 2014 April 2011 - July 2014  The U.S. Army's premier large-scale special operations force. The Rangers specialize in joint-special operation missions.  • Extensively trained in conducting day/night complex, joint-special operation raids as well as airborne and air assault operations.  • Participated in rapid reaction force, ready to deploy on 18 hours' notice.  • Acted as a bridge between special operations troops and conventional combat units.  • Earned Combat Infantryman Badge and Expert Infantryman Badge.  • Honored with the Joint Service Commendation Medal for meritorious achievements and service.  • Implemented a new way for 240 gunners and 240 assistant gunners to be more combat effective. Education Certificate of Completion Microsoft Software and Systems Academy - St. Martin's University - Lacey, WA Associates in Applied Science in Automotive Technology in Automotive Technology Vincennes University - Vincennes, IN Skills Information Security, Cyber Security, Siem, Network Security, Linux, It Security, Cybersecurity Links http://linkedin.com/in/glen-hammer Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E-4