Network Engineer -Insight Global Network Engineer -Insight Global Sr. Systems Administrator Woodbridge, VA DOD Contractor with 8 years of Information Systems experience, currently supporting Defense Security Service. Possess a strong working knowledge of security, project management, system and network administration. Superb attention to detail , strong organizational skills, problem solving, as well as excellent customer service and oral communication skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Network Engineer -Insight Global DTRA December 2017 to Present Monitor and maintain network assets, including switches, routers, hubs, VPNs, and firewalls across multiple physical sites on multiple networks.  ? Interface with Tier III and network operations to escalate and resolve technical issues on the operational network environment.  ? Support problem management resolution by tracking system-wide problems on the operational networks and working with engineering support, including network operations, network engineering, systems engineering, and desktop engineering to see problem troubleshooting through to resolution.  ? Support the operations and maintenance of critical Windows and Linux systems to maintain operational availability and a strong security posture through system configuration and patching maintenance.  ? Perform network asset management, including the maintenance of Cisco and Juniper OSes, firewall ACL management, and port security and real time monitoring of network and computer assets through Solarwinds.  ? Log all incidents, requests, questions, tasks, and projects in BMC Remedy, apply thorough diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions on the operational network infrastructure  ? Create and maintain comprehensive documentation for all troubleshooting procedures, and move or replace networking equipment, as necessary to support office moves and malfunctioning devices.  ? Ensure servers and hardware are in compliance with security regulations and install needed updates and patches. Sr. Systems Administrator Quadrant, Inc - Quantico, VA February 2019 to April 2019 • Provide engineering expertise to design, plan, and implement system isolation and network segmentation of enterprise servers, major applications, and network defense systems  • Configuration management support for all Windows Servers  • Establish and maintain a configuration management database and system inventory  • Manage systems for updates and replacement, and manage changes required to support secure configurations, patches, and operational reporting requirements  • Provide continuous monitoring using RMF techniques   • Ensure STIG and IAVM compliance for applications, systems, and devices operating on Microsoft Windows Server and workstation platforms  • Develop a remediation plan for all outstanding STIGS and IAVMs, to include acceptable mitigations and manage POA&Ms for all findings not in compliance  • Provide excellent customer service to all users and ensure satisfaction has been reached Vulnerability Management Analyst ABBTECH Professional Resources August 2017 to December 2017 Maintain up-to-date inventory of network connected devices (PCs, servers, switches, routers,  printers, telecommunication, building controls, etc.) required to be maintained with software  patches.  • Manage compliance with information security policies for patching for network connected devices  and software applications.  • Schedule an annual patch management policy and compliance review  • Ensure that patch management schedules are being followed and systems meet/exceed  defined configuration and security standards.  • Identify the cause and action plan for any deviations from the schedule/policy and report to management weekly.  • Patch assigned equipment in accordance with the patching policy and schedule. Develop  scripts (PowerShell, bash, etc.) to automate configuration management and patch deployment.  • Perform routine system and configuration backups and monitor daily job completion. Participate  in business continuity and disaster recovery infrastructure testing. Remedy Ticket Queue Manager/ Sr. Customer Service Representative (DSS) AceInfo Solutions - Quantico, VA January 2017 to May 2017 Provide influential leadership, coaching, and mentorship to employees and facilitate training programs to maximize the potential of teams; delegate assignments and effectively allocate resources. Proactively identify, troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve network conflicts. As well as  ? Configure external peripherals, workstations, networks, and operating system software, administer deployed cryptologic tactical systems, setup automated digital networks or operate complex systems.  ? Successfully troubleshoot to determine problems for operating systems, applications and remote access, email, and telephone and wireless issues, resulting in the timely completion of end user trouble calls, to include hardware replacements, software upgrades and installation, network connectivity issues, application and PKI issues, and various permissions for distribution lists.  ? Tracks and reports on assets at the site location. Receives and ships equipment as required  ? Follows all processes, procedures, and guidelines to ensure repeatable customer experiences  ? Responsible for opening, tracking and closing trouble tickets. Ensures problem ownership and promotes end-user satisfaction  ? Defines and classifies level, priority and nature of problem, request and/or issue. If unable to diagnose problem and/or problem requires physical interaction with end user the technician escalates problem to the appropriate team  ? Perform network and email account provisioning and management, as well as, wireless mobility problems, issues or request  ? Provide engineering and technical assistance to support vulnerability scans, penetration testing, vulnerability analysis, scan analysis, and security analysis on system products and network components.  ? Conduct the security test and evaluation (STE) activities required and document results in the appropriate reports.  ? Provide the cybersecurity support services and solutions necessary to analyze, assess, integrate, enhance, improve, modernize, implement, test, sustain, and maintain the system cybersecurity posture and capabilities.  ? Perform the necessary efforts to analyze, assess, evaluate, integrate, improve, implement, test, sustain, and maintain the system cybersecurity posture and capabilities required by the network domain operations compliance requirements.    ? Develop and prepare the required security control documents or artifacts, and conduct security control assessments, and security test and evaluation required by the respective network authorities and C&A processes such as the Risk Management Framework (RMF).  ? Prepare and document the risk mitigations, and maintain and update the Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) as required by the network domain Authorizing Official (AO).    ? Perform compliance reviews of computer security plans    ? Perform risk assessments    ? Validate and perform security test evaluations and audits    ? Analyze and define security requirements for information protection for enterprise systems and networks    ? Assist in the development of security policies  ? Analyze the sensitivity of information and performs vulnerability and risk assessments based on defined sensitivity and information flow    ? Assess security risk, research and recommend countermeasures in accordance with DoD requirements, conduct formal security engineering assessments and security assessments. Sr. System Administrator (DOD) General Dynamics - San Antonio, TX October 2015 to February 2016 Provide influential leadership, mentoring to employees and facilitate training programs to maximize the potential of teams. Support over 30,000 users with physical and remote troubleshooting to resolve network, software and system issues. Led ACAS vulnerability team of seven individuals with multiple task completion  ? Screens, refers and diagnoses internal inquiries and work requests as they relate to maintenance of personal computers and related systems.  ? Installs, configures, and upgrades computer hardware and software.  ? Provides end-user software troubleshooting and support.  ? Applies advanced diagnostic techniques to identify problems, investigate causes, and recommend solutions.  ? Create and modify org mailboxes, distribution/ security groups and modify access to shared drives  ? Run vulnerability scans on machines and installs the required system updates to ensure machines are DOD compliant.  ? Participates in the administration of e-mail systems.  ? Provides phone and help-desk support for local and off-site users.  ? Provides guidance and work leadership to less-experienced technicians.  ? Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned  ? Participates in special projects as required.  ? Remote into users' workstation to troubleshoot and fix issue.  ? Provision and Deprovision user accounts on all classified enclaves System Administrator (DOS) Kforce - Washington, DC April 2015 to May 2015 Provide influential leadership to a team of twelve to successfully troubleshoot and successfully complete an agency wide system reimage project. Support 20,000 users with multiple enclave and software issues.    ? Performs systems administrative and operational duties on computer systems  ? Responsible for developing and maintaining systems configuration  ? Respond, investigate, and correct software, network and system issues  ? Acts as a technical resource for all users and team  ? Working to agreed SLA's in order to resolve customer issues in a timely manner  ? Install, troubleshoot, support and configuration of microcomputer hardware and software systems, to include servers  ? Also performs same functions for peripheral devices such as modems, scanners, printers, and fax devices  ? Provide training to new/existing employees as well as the end-user  ? Install/Maintain Windows hardware and software application on a myriad of computer devices Desktop Implementation Technician (DOD) Force 3 - Springfield, VA December 2014 to April 2015 Perform System and Network troubleshooting to a 45,000 user support base local and offsite. Trained all new and multiple existing technicians.    ? Calibration of monitors  ? Survey/documentation of various equipment types for inventory control  ? Installation/Change/Removal of hardware in various desktop and service hub configurations  ? Provide support for peripheral, workstation and all user facing equipment  ? Fundamental knowledge and understanding of Windows 7  ? Provide training to new/existing employees as well as the end-user  ? Diagnose and rectify desktop issues escalated from desktop administrators.  ? Diagnose and rectify desktop issues and execute functional escalations to appropriate resources  ? Support for maintenance and change requests of all "user facing" devices and systems.  ? Troubleshooting of installed/modified hardware to ensure proper system functionality  ? Collaboration with other teams to achieve full system functionality for all changes and installations performed IT Help Desk SME (NGB) Apex Systems - Falls Church, VA July 2014 to December 2014 Provide system and network support for a user base of 20,000+. Successfully troubleshoot and resolve computer and phone issues.  ? Level 1 / Tier II Subject Matter Expert assisting clients to resolve computer related issues  ? Utilize and maintain ITSM (Remedy) trouble ticking toolset to track customer satisfaction  ? Report and track high priority tickets to Level II / III Service Desks  ? Manage and track escalation criteria  ? Troubleshoot customer issues and resolve appropriate protocols and procedures in a timely and efficient manner  ? Provide training to new/existing employees as well as the end-user IT Help Desk SME (DOD) NJVC - Chantilly, VA March 2013 to April 2014 Provide Tier I/II support to 100,000 users. Trained new/existing technician and led multiple projects.  ? Level 1 / Tier II Subject Matter Expert assisting clients to resolve computer related issues  ? Troubleshoot customer issues and resolve appropriate protocols and procedures in a timely and efficient manner  ? Assist in resolution of First Call Resolution processes to increase Request Fulfillment statistics  ? Utilize and maintain ITSM (Remedy) trouble ticking toolset to track customer satisfaction  ? Assist with onboarding of new users utilizing Microsoft Suite  ? Report and track high priority tickets to Level II / III Service Desks  ? Manage and track escalation criteria  ? Assign users and computers to proper groups in Active Directory Forrest  ? Provide training to new/existing employees as well as the end-user Access Control Manager/ Security Escort (DOD) Applied Integrated Technologies - Washington, DC August 2012 to March 2013 Secure classified and unclassified areas and issues visitor badges. Responsible for a team of ten security escorts and eleven access control security monitors.  ? Access Management of clients and visitors into government facility  ? Security Manager of all classified material and information within secure facility  ? Identity Access Management personnel creating, distributing and generating security badges for visitors and on-boarding of new government employees  ? Identification badge processing, personnel security, sensitive compartmented information facility (SCIF) accreditation and management, and security education training and awareness  ? Resolved security related violations, and provided security awareness training to visitors and new government personnel  ? Assist in the development of on-site security procedure training of new staff  ? Physical Security responsible for monitoring facility security countermeasure system Access Control Manager/ Security Escort (DOD) New Age Protection Inc - Washington, DC June 2009 to August 2012 Secure classified and unclassified areas and issues visitor badges. Responsible for a team of ten security escorts and eleven access control security monitors. Trained new and existing security monitors and security escorts.  ? Verification of the identification of visitors, clients, and customers in a government facility  ? Protection of all classified material and information within the facility  ? Creation, distribution and retrieval of badges for visitors and new government employees and visitors  ? Provide excellent customer service to all visitors, vendors and employees of the facility  ? Resolution of issues related to security violations, clearance with visitors to the facility  ? Assist in the training of new staff in security procedures. Daily monitoring and surveillance of facility security system  ? Office duties as assigned which includes sending and retrieval of e-mail, answering telephone calls, logging in visitors upon entry and departure of the facility  ? Provide security escort to uncleared personnel Education AA degree in Cyber Security and Psychology Capella University May 2019 Skills ACTIVE DIRECTORY (6 years), CISCO (Less than 1 year), FIREWALLS (Less than 1 year), REMEDY (6 years), HELP DESK (3 years) Certifications/Licenses Security+ June 2021 Additional Information Skills Summary    ? STIG Scanning Tool  ? ACAS  ? Microsoft Office  ? Active Directory  ? Video Teleconferencing (POLYCOM/Tandberg)  ? McAfee Firewall Enterprise  ? ITSM Remedy  ? Configuration/Build Management  ? Remote Desktop Software  ? Windows Workstation/Server/Exchange  ? UNIX/LINUX  ? Mobile Armor  ? Routers/Switches  ? Firewalls  ? Cisco Call Manager  ? Voice Over IP Phones  ? Cisco Wireless LAN Controller  ? Cisco networking devices  ? NetApp Storage Devices  ? Cryptographic devices/equipment  ? KVM Equipment  ? Fiber Optics  ? VPN technologies  ? Desktop Equipment  ? Putty  ? GKO Help Desk Tool  ? LAN/WAN architecture and administration  ? SCCM  ? DRA  ? DameWare  ? IAOExpress and hypervisor environments  ? Cisco Unified Communications Manager