Senior IT Systems Specialist Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Specialist Senior IT Systems Specialist - The Salvation Army Work Experience Senior IT Systems Specialist The Salvation Army February 2019 to Present Ft Lauderdale    Essential Duties and Responsibilities    • install and configure computer hardware operating systems and applications  • monitor and maintain computer systems and networks  • talk staff or clients through a series of actions, either face-to-face or over the phone, to help set up systems or resolve issues  • troubleshoot system and network problems, diagnosing and solving hardware or software faults  • replace parts as required  • provide support, including procedural documentation and relevant reports  • follow diagrams and written instructions to repair a fault or set up a system  • support the roll-out of new applications  • set up new users' accounts and profiles and deal with password issues  • prioritize and manage many open cases at one time  • rapidly establish a good working relationship with customers and other professionals, such as software developers  • test and evaluate new technology  • conduct electrical safety checks on computer equipment. UPM - Boca Raton, FL 2018 to 2019 Helpdesk    Summary:  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Provide end user desktop / phone support to determine and resolve end user support issues.  • Monitor two ticketing systems Manage Engine & Salesforce which are submitted by UPM End users  • Ticket issues range from internal printer issues, software/hardware support, emails, application configuration, new hire set up, employee moves, terminations, portal access, O365 support  • Support Mobile Device and MiFi Access  • Worked with office employees, remote employees via fast support remote access  • Update Documentation on how to assit IT Team System Support Analyst YHA/Humana - Deerfield Beach, FL 2018 to 2018 Summary:  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Provide end user desktop / phone support to determine and resolve end user support issues.  • Escalates issues and effectively communicate to appropriate personnel for resolution.  • Working directly with customers for the acceptance and delivery of hardware that has been repaired or configured for initial login by a new staff members.  • Monitor two ticketing systems RT & CA which are submitted by Humana End users  • Ticket issues range from internal printer issues, email support, application support, mobile devices, laptops, VPN  • Adding and troubleshooting hardware such as hard disks and memory.  • Troubleshoot encryption and system configuration issues.  • Support Mobile Device and MiFi Access  • Support for internal employees with the same level of support  • Support of on-site Lexmark and Xerox printers, network phones, desktop support.  • Works with call center employees with on-site support of third party applications.  • Escalates issues to third party vendor Information Security Analyst Office Depot, Inc - Boca Raton, FL 2016 to 2018 Summary: Responsible for maintaining the security and integrity of data. Controlling and granting access to end users    Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Provide end user desktop / phone support to determine and resolve end user support issues.  • Escalates issues and effectively communicate to appropriate personnel for resolution.  • Working directly with customers for the acceptance and delivery of hardware that has been repaired or configured for initial login by a new staff members.  • Managing ticket queue. ( Maximo, Account Courier )  • Adding and troubleshooting hardware such as hard disks and memory.  • Troubleshoot encryption and system configuration issues.  • Creating, Controlling and granting access to network  • Support Mobile Device Access Service Desk Analyst I (Contractor) Sheridan Healthcare Inc - Sunrise, FL 2015 to 2016 Summary:  Troubleshoot, configure, installed computer and network equipment while providing technical 1st tier customer support to all Sheridan employees with the objective of resolving most incidents at first call.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Supports end-users via phone and remote support tools  • Skilled in issue determination and resolution  • Supports Microsoft Office application issues  • Supports Windows 7, 8 Microsoft hardware  • Supports Windows 7, 8 on Apple hardware  • Supports wireless connectivity for approved hardware and mobile devices  • Installs approved software in a timely manner.  • Escalates issues and effectively communicate to appropriate personnel for resolution.  • Documents all work related to customer incidents through BMC Service Desk or current department ticketing system Writes and edits Service Desk knowledge base articles of known issue resolutions and technical information IT Client Service Specialist II (Contractor) Actavis Pharmaceuticals, Inc - Sunrise, FL 2011 to 2015 Founded in 1984, formerly noun has Watson Pharmaceuticals and is one of the Pharmaceuticals Company focused on developing, manufacturing and commercializing high quality affordable generic and innovative branded pharmaceutical products for patients around the world.    Provided Global Helpdesk support for approximately 5000+ users, handling over 450 calls per week and averaging 90+ calls daily.  • Create, track, and resolve Service-Now Incidents; ensure problem ownership and promote end-user satisfaction.  • Account creations, access and terminations in Active Directory.  • Monitor, troubleshoot, and resolve enterprise infrastructure problems for a global, multi-site Windows 2003/2008 Server/UNIX production environment at the Actavis Corporate Network Operations Center (NOC) in FL.  • Use Solar winds Enterprise Monitoring tools to manage troubleshooting, diagnosis, and resolution of unresponsive servers, applications, and network equipment.  • Service-Now Incident Management software used for incident management, escalation, and assignment.  • VSphere used to manage virtual environment, to create and manage snapshots, troubleshoot VM's, and for reporting.  • Remotely maintain, analyzes, troubleshoots, repairs computer systems, hardware and computer peripherals.  • Upgrades software using Altiris Server via remote setting.  • Acted as level 3 supports for users and peers in the organization, created documentation and software kits for common user needs, and generally fill in the gaps of the tech support effort  • Provided assistance for VPN associates in remote locations  • Troubleshoot connectivity issues for remote access  • Continually explored opportunities to current processes to improve customer satisfaction  • Quality control/implementation/documentation/support of new systems in compliance with FDA/GxP best practices and requirements. Education Associates The Academy March 2011 Fashion Design The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale March 2011 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  •Extensive Knowledge of PC Software, Operating Systems, Microsoft Office applications with strong Excel, Outlook and Internet Browser skills  •Experience with supporting mobile devices including Apple iOS devices, blackberry and standard non smart phone  •Experience with Windows Active Directory Infrastructure  •Ability to communicate technical guidance and instruction to IT Staff and end users of applications and systems  •Applications: Altris deployment console, Citrix VPN, Cisco Any Connect VPN, Bomgar, Windows Remote Access, Log Me In, Microsoft Communicator/Lync, AS400, Avaya IP Phone Systems.