IT help desk coordinator <span class="hl">IT</span> help desk coordinator IT help desk coordinator - ARxIUM. Inc Wheeling, IL Work Experience IT help desk coordinator ARxIUM. Inc December 2017 to Present • Creating Active Directory account for new users.  • Remote in to fixing exiting issues via Remote Desktop Connection and Team Viewer.  • Configured and troubleshoot routers and switches.  • Configured PC, desk phones and cellphones for new users.  • Install and configure VMware.  • Processed the documentation.  • Creating and maintaining tickets using Spice works. IT help desk analyst Reyes Holdings September 2017 to December 2017 • Creating Active Directory account for new users.  • Remote in to fixing exiting issues via Remote Desktop Connection, TightVNC Connection, and Configuration Manger Remote Control.  • Resetting and configuring Kronos and Cisco phones.  • Creating tickets using Helpdesk plus.  • Assisting more than 5000 employees. System Engineer Motorola Solutions April 2016 to July 2017 • Designed and demoed communications systems based on customer needs.  • Configured and troubleshoot routers and switches.  • Configured servers, PC's, serial programming.  • Inputted database information.  • Radio programming.  • Contributed more than 50 projects.  • Trained and mentored engineers.  • Processed the documentation. Guardsmark security officer Kraft Foods Headquarters March 2013 to August 2016 • Updating and maintenance Windows 7 pro on daily bases.  • Experience with Microsoft Active Directory.  • Troubleshooting and helped staff with resetting their password.  • Operating and maintenance C-cure 9000 as security software.  • Printing security badge access control and updating information in C-cure database.  • Keeping the record of all new and existing employees and reporting daily updates. Help Desk Technician Steel Pipe Company May 2014 to August 2015 • Experience with Microsoft Active Directory.  • Maintaining all the PC's and routers on daily bases.  • Troubleshooting and helped staff with resetting their password and there hardware issues.  • Installing, maintenance and updating new software's on windows 7 and Mac OSX. Manager on duty during working shift Lifetime Fitness March 2010 to March 2013 • Operation team supervisor for two years.  • Providing excellent customer service. Education Bachelors of Art and Science in Computer Science in Cyber Security Northeastern Illinois University - Chicago, IL August 2015 Skills Active Directory (6 years), Apache (Less than 1 year), Exchange (Less than 1 year), HTML (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year), Linux (Less than 1 year), Mac (1 year), maintenance (4 years), Microsoft Exchange (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), MS OFFICE (Less than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), router (Less than 1 year), SQL (Less than 1 year), Tomcat (Less than 1 year), web server. (Less than 1 year), windows 7 (4 years), Information Technology, Desktop Support, It Specialist, Help Desk, Computer Repair, Network Support Links https://www.linkedin.com/pub/odisho-eivazi/104/b71/93a Certifications/Licenses Security Guard Class D Security License PERC Card