Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cybersecurity Monitoring Everett, WA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst Zillow - Seattle, WA July 2018 to Present • Analyzing email attachments for phishing and malware.  • Exploding malicious documents in FlareVM and finding additional IOCs.  • Using OpenDNS to block malicious links.  • Creating IOC rules in Fireeye HX  • Creating IOC rules in Fireeye NX  • Monitoring Bettercloud alerts for PII  • Creating Incident Response tickets  • Pulling metrics for SentinelOne, OpenDNS and FireeyeHX  • Upgrading SentinelOne console and keeping user agents upgrade  • Monitoring SentinelOne, Fireeye HX/NX, and GuardDuty alerts Cyber Security Monitoring Premera Blue Cross - Seattle, WA January 2018 to June 2018 •Analyzing email attachments for malware and phishing via ThreatGrid.  •Communicating with users who have submitted their passwords over clear text passwords.  •Testing data loss prevention to make sure it functions everyday.  •Analyzing failed logins and making sure a service account is used for automated tasks.  •Confirming threats are blocked from two data points.   •Analyzing Firesight alerts and using Splunk to make sure they're blocked.  •Keeping metrics of attacks and exploits used against our networks.  •Analyzing Symantec MSS alerts and using Splunk to make sure they're blocked.  •Providing details of attacks that happened in a timely manner.  •Working with deadlines and providing reports and consistency of attacks.  •Evaluating if we are protected against the exploits and attacks taking place by using tenable scanner.  •Providing access to blocked websites through Bluecoat with proper vetting and approval. Information Security Administrator Premera Blue Cross - Mountlake Terrace, WA November 2017 to January 2018 •Providing proper access for users in active directory  •Maintaining exceptional communication with users  •Showing patience towards customers and their needs  •Creating network shares, distribution groups, and mailboxes for users and providing proper access for those users  •Creating AD groups and providing proper access for users  •Working with deadlines and completing them in a timely manner  •Fully closed 500 tickets within three months  •Executed proper procedure to request approvals for users to be added to groups, distribution lists, mailboxes Help Desk Technician Cmit Solutions of Everett - Everett, WA August 2017 to October 2017 •Researching issues and recording findings to solve customer problems  •Working with Microsoft exchange on-site or online  •Updating sage50, quickbooks, and other various software for companies  • Adding users to Active directory or to specific groups and updating group policy   •Follow up with users to ensure customer satisfaction  •Troubleshooting printer connectivity and and working with Print management prompt   •Maintain exceptional customer service and show patience towards the customer ensuring that all customers are treated efficiently  •Closed 300+ tickets within a month  •25 to 30 support calls a day IT Support Technician Edmonds Community College - Lynnwood, WA September 2016 to September 2017 •Maintain exceptional customer service ensuring that all customers are treated efficiently  •Prioritize and complete work tickets in within set time frames  •Install, configure, and deploy computers for faculty and staff  •Transfer data and create backups for users  •Set up new machines with proper images  •Follow up with users to ensure customer satisfaction  •Troubleshooting printer connectivity  •Supported 800 faculty members Student Security Assistant / IT Support Edmonds Community College Security - Lynnwood, WA August 2014 to September 2016 •Maintained excellent verbal communication skills and communicated effectively  with colleagues at all levels in the organization.  •Facilitated students and employees acquiring parking permits  •Developed daily work plans for the office   •Arranged documents, to improve productivity and efficiency of coworkers  •Troubleshoot various computer and software issue for coworkers  •Troubleshoot printers and set up scan to email  •Data analysis of parking management system  •Generate reports from parking management system Education Associate of Technical Arts Degree Computer Information Systems in Computer Information Systems Information Security and Digital Forensics Edmonds Community College 2016 BS in Computer Science Cybersecurity and Information Assurance Western Governors University - Everett, WA September 2017 Skills Cisco (1 year), Excel (10+ years), Forensic (1 year), FTK (1 year), Linux (2 years), Vmware (1 year), DBAN (1 year), DeepSpar (2 years), Packet Tracer (1 year), Kali Linux (Less than 1 year), nmap (Less than 1 year), DHCP (Less than 1 year), Python (1 year), Tech Support, Service Desk, Active Directory, Desktop Support, Help Desk, Cyber Security, Information Security, Fireye HX (Less than 1 year), FireEye NX (Less than 1 year), SentinelOne (Less than 1 year), OpenDNS (Less than 1 year), bettercloud (Less than 1 year), Guard Duty (Less than 1 year), security, testing, training Certifications/Licenses Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) September 2016 to September 2019 Network Security Specialist August 2016 to Present Digital Forensics Certificate August 2015 to Present ITIL Foundation Certification January 2018 to Present Business of IT – Applications examines Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) terminology, structure, policies, and concepts. Focusing on the management of Information Technology ( IT) infrastructure, development, and operations, students will explore the core principles of ITIL practices for service management to prepare them for careers as IT professionals, business managers, and business process owners. CIW - Site Development Assessment May 2018 to Present This course prepares students for the CIW Site Development Associate certification. The course introduces students to web design and development by presenting them with HTML5 and CSS, the foundational languages of the web, by reviewing media strategies, and by using tools and techniques commonly employed in web development. Comptia A+ August 2018 to August 2021 CompTIA A+ is the preferred qualifying credential for technical support and IT operational roles. It is about much more than PC repair.  • Candidates are better prepared to troubleshoot and problem solve.  • Technicians understand a wide variety of issues ranging from networking and operating systems to mobile devices and security.  • A+ supports the ability to connect users to the data they need to do their jobs regardless of the devices being used. Additional Information SUMMARY OF SKILLS  Hardware: DeepSpar (v3 & v4), Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches,  Software: nmap, VMWare, FTK toolkit, R-Studio, Forensic Imager, WinHex, Registry Viewer, Packet Tracer, Visio, Lansweeper, AirDroid, RSAT, DBAN, DHCP, Symantec MSS, TrendMicro, SMEX, Firesight, Splunk, ThreatGrid, Bluecoat  Platforms: Windows, Linux, Mac, Kali Linux