Biomedical Engineering Technician I Biomedical Engineering Technician I Chattanooga, TN Work Experience Biomedical Engineering Technician I Erlanger Health System February 2017 to November 2017 Performance of maintenance, repair, and calibration of hospital general biomedical equipment.  ? Documentation of preventative maintenance, repairs, and work activities to meet JCAHO requirements and departmental business needs.  ? Assist with installation, modification, and repair of new and existing medical equipment systems.  ? Support of computerized medical or clinical equipment and associated networks.  ? Coordination of vendor repairs and documentation of vendor activities per departmental practices.  ? Assistance with new equipment technical evaluation and implementation of new equipment.  ? Assistance with investigation of incident reports regarding equipment in area of responsibility.  ? Instruction of other Technology Management staff in the maintenance and repair of medical and/or communication systems.  ? Development and presentation of in-service educational programs for hospital personnel. Cyber Security Threat and Intelligence Center Analyst FedEx World Technology Center February 2016 to January 2017 via Advantage Technical Resourcing)    ? Rapidly identify, categorize, prioritize and investigate events as the initial cyber event detection group for the enterprise using all available security threat logs and intelligence sources to include but not limited to:    • Firewalls  • Systems and Network Devices  • Web Proxies  • Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems  • Antivirus Systems  • Wiki    ? Monitor incoming event queues for potential security incidents using HP ArcSight ESM Tool per operational procedures.  ? Perform initial investigation and triage of potential incidents and escalate or close events as applicable to a Level 2 Analyst.  ? Use available security threat and intelligence tools for historical analysis purposes as necessary for detected events; for example, historical searches using HP ArcSight Logger.  ? Monitor Virus and Spyware utilizing MS Endpoint Protection & FireEye consoles.  ? Use McAfee ePo console to gather critical intelligence information.  ? Monitor the security threat and intelligence e-mail queue for potential event reporting from outside entities and individual users.  ? Maintain shift logs with relevant activity from analysts shift.  ? Document investigation results, ensuring relevant details are passed to Level 2 for event analysis.  ? Update/reference the security threat and intelligence center collaboration tool as necessary for changes to processes and procedures and ingest of daily intelligence reports and previous shift logs.  ? Conduct research and document events of interest within the scope of IT Security. I/S Service Desk Support Analyst Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee June 2015 to March 2016 Provides first and second level analysis and technical support for all internal and external customers of BCBST.  ? Mentors staff conducts training of departmental processes, tasks, and tools as needed.  ? Documents, responds to and tracks all interactions, incidents and requests in HP Service Manager including all actions taken to achieve resolution.  ? Password management for all BCBST systems through administrator consoles, Interactive SQL scripts, DRA, AD native, and custom-built PowerShell tools.  ? Uses Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) disciplines on a daily basis with emphasis on Incident Management, Change Management, and Problem Management. I/S Service Desk Support Specialist Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee January 2014 to June 2015 Remotely troubleshoot applications/credentials: AD/VPN/Citrix, WI-Fi, MS XP/Office, Blackberry, Mainframe, and AIX, Thin Clients, XenDesktop, Xenapp.  ? Provide tier one analysis and technical support for all customers of BCBST and contractors of BCBST.  ? Utilizing Ulysses Learning Service Mentor training to provide a pleasant customer experience.  ? Ticket escalation through HP Service Manager in accordance with ITIL standards  ? Troubleshooting and providing assistance with Windows 7, mobile devices, MS Office Suite, Printer, VPN, Facets, BlueAccess, Sailpoint and numerous other BlueCross applications.  ? Extensive knowledge of XenApp and XenDesktop  ? Writing detailed solutions and submitting them as knowledgebase articles in HP Service Manager.  ? Administration of users, programs and devices using: Active Directory, Citrix Desktop Director, Citrix Access Management Console v3.0, Citrix AppCenter v6.0, Good Mobile Control, SafeNet, Cisco Unity Connection Administration, Nortel Networks Integrated Conference Bridge. CO-OP - IT Deployment Engineer Shaw Industries July 2013 to December 2013 Troubleshoot IT related equipment such as PCs, wireless handheld devices, thin clients, scanners, portable handheld terminals, printers and other end user devices.  ? Used current service management tool (Service Now) thorough understanding of ITIL best practices.  ? Active Directory account creation, password resets, group membership changes, distribution groups and other Active Directory functions  ? Supported clients remotely via Remote Control tools such as (Bomguar)  ? Installed and distributed software via deployment tools  ? Completed requests for the installation and removal of equipment, running cables and installation of software/patches/updates.  ? Image and deployed new and replacement laptop and desktop equipment (Dell)  ? Tracked inventory with inventory tracking tools Such as (Dell KACE Agent) Student Assistant- Network & Telephone Systems Chattanooga State Community College January 2012 to December 2012 Assisted network specialists and analysts maintain and operate the campus local area network.  ? Assisted end-users with questions on computer hardware or software applications.  ? Helped students connect their computers to the campus network.  ? Setup up new or reassigned computers for use in the campus network. Crew Worker 1 Chattanooga State Community College April 2012 to September 2012 Sweeping sidewalks and streets, blowing and raking leaves and collecting/picking up brush, garbage and recycling materials. Chattanooga State Community College September 2011 to February 2012 Park Ranger    ? Monitors parks to ensure the safety and security of visitors  ? Ensures the security of facilities which includes monitoring facilities and ensuring doors are locked and secured.  ? Ensures walking areas, bridges and/or grounds are free from skateboarders, bicyclists, pets, motorized vehicles and/or other potentially hazardous items  ? Provides customer service to park patrons. Security Officer Allied Barton Security Services September 2008 to December 2010 Greets individuals entering facilities and provides information and assistance on locations throughout the facility; directs individuals to appropriate locations within the facility.  ? Monitors entry and exit locations and parking lots which involve monitoring camera and surveillance equipment. Education A.A.S degree in Information Systems Technology Chattanooga State community College - Chattanooga, TN May 2013 High school Diploma Howard High School - Chattanooga, TN