Information Security Analyst- Enterprise Systems Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>- Enterprise Systems Cybersecurity (IAM) Engineer - Visa Inc Boston, MA My career experience has primarily focused around the core technology systems of Visa Inc. This has expanded my knowledge of the financial services industry, its partnerships, and how they all work together. My deep knowledge of the backbone of financial systems and has helped hone and direct my career path. I have a strong passion for learning and becoming a subject matter expert in all fields of work and study. I have project management experience; have led small team projects, and held temporary management duties. I am currently seeking a new remote position, or a position in the Boston area as we are wishing to move to be close to family. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst- Enterprise Systems Visa Inc - Highlands Ranch, CO June 2016 to Present Perform daily management of Identity and Access Management (IAM) requests on IBM Mainframe RACF databases utilizing IBM zSecure and XYGATE XOS/XAC/XPQ/XHE products on Tandem HPE NonStop.    Aid internal users and external clients with security and access issues; provide insight and guidance to others that are less technically-oriented.    Manage Mainframe and NonStop security certificate expiration and renewal schedule including discovery, renewal, implementation and notification to internal and external clients.    Responsible for transitioning RACF databases to Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model.    Manage User Access Revalidation (UAR) process for entitlement and user based validations.    Reporting leader for proactive identification on audit and compliance access issues; providing guidance of potential threats and solutions to reduce risk.    Responsible for capturing Internal Audit FFIEC, SOX and SSAE18 audit items and incorporate compliance into reporting.    Train interns and new college graduate team members in beginner and intermediate tasks and incorporating them into ongoing team projects. Core Systems Engineer Mainframe Hardware Systems - Highlands Ranch, CO March 2015 to June 2016 Plan and build redundant hardware system configurations for IBM mainframe and peripheral systems.    Provide quality control to planned hardware changes, implementing in development and production environments    Capacity utilization of I/O channels from engineering design worksheets and diagrams    Using IBM mainframe HMCs to confirm microcode levels, and perform profile changes for processor upgrades; utilizing consoles to assist in Disaster Recovery testing and activation of LPARs as needed.    Maintain networking directors throughout lifecycles, including initial buildouts, implementation, maintenance of microcode, and elimination of obsolete hardware. Associate IT Asset Management Analyst Visa Inc - Highlands Ranch, CO March 2013 to March 2015 Perform monthly inventory of hardware IT assets data centers across global data centers.  Compare real-time data with asset database; prepare global data center accuracy reports for senior and executive management.    Developed and presented Tableau dashboards for executives, finding inefficiencies and loss of product usability.    Reported obsolete hardware and software to senior management: partnered with domain owners to find alternate uses for new hardware that resulted in over $20M in savings.    Responsible for the lifecycle management of hardware equipment within data centers: including procurement, delivery, location tracking, end of life transitioning and disposal.    Partnered with vendors to ensure proper destruction of sensitive data and protocols were followed.    Exclusive Software Asset Management analyst for z/OS applications; tracked software licenses, costs, and contracts for Core Enterprise Systems teams. Servicing Specialist Essex Financial Group - Denver, CO July 2012 to March 2013 • Responsible for tracking 40% of corporate portfolio accountable for insurance coverage, real estate taxes, and UCC's. Create, and manage loan level Excel worksheets tracking loan balance, insurance and escrow analysis.    • Oversaw payoff and release transacti ons of loans. Research recording agency requirements and designed small  database to track agency information and progress of released loans. Education B.A. in Economics University of Colorado - Boulder, CO 2005 to 2012 Skills database (2 years), IBM Mainframe (2 years), Mainframe (2 years), networking (1 year), Tandem (1 year), testing, security, access, Microsoft Office, Cisco, Sharepoint, training Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 October 2014 to Present Driver's License Assessments Email — Highly Proficient March 2019 Measures a candidate’s ability to effectively compose and organize email messages. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/dned5hrhbp-7cxxa Basic Computer Skills: PC — Expert March 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/4hh5cs5xcstkq7xo Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field. Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS    Hardware  • Proficient in: Tandem and IBM Mainframe configuration, networking, and storage I/O peripherals.  • Familiar with: multi-vendor converged infrastructure, vB lock, HDS, EMC, IBM and Dell.  Software  • Database: JCL, ICSF, IOCDS, IBM utilities, TANDEM, Microsoft SQL server, Office, Access, Tableau  • Platforms: z/Linux, z/OS, z/TPF, IBM mainframe management console Windows, Ubuntu