Network Architect Network Architect Network Architect - BHP Billiton Houston, TX ? 9 years of Networking experience in Vendor, Systems Integrator, Distributor and ISP companies working  with Networking products of such manufacturers as Cisco, Juniper, H3C, 3COM, ProCurve, HP, Extreme  Networks and Ericsson; Network Security - Barracuda Networks products; Videoconferencing - Tandberg,  Radvision, Sony, Vidyo, Cisco and Polycom. Work Experience Network Architect BHP Billiton December 2018 to Present Responsibilities:  - High Level and Low Level Telecom Network Design  - Solution implementation    - Projects: SD-WAN Viptela Project, DWDM    CN Network Architect High Level and Low Level Telecom Network Design September 2017 to December 2018 Responsibilities:  - High Level and Low Level Telecom Network Design  - Network Audit  - Solution implementation  - Certification of the new product line (ASR920, ISR4221, IE 3000, 2960+, 3850, Microsemi Power Injector,  RedLine RDL-3000, Digi)  - Projects: Rogers Migration Project - Migrated 12 sites across Canada from Rogers to Bell/Telus MPLS,  Sprint Migration Project - Migrated 8 sites across US from Sprint to CenturyLink MPLS, WILD Redundancy  project - developed and implemented redundancy solution for WILD service (36 sites across Canada and USA). Senior Network Engineer Ericsson June 2012 to September 2017 Responsibilities:  • Provide second line support to customers on Juniper/Extreme/F5 and Redback(Smart Edge) products  • Customer Service Request ticket handling  • Gain access to customer network (On call) and remotely help customer to troubleshoot live critical  network issues.  • Recreate customer reported issues in lab, analyze & if required file a bug accordingly and later  co-ordinate with Engineering for resolution of it in upcoming SEOS releases.  • Member of the support team providing "follow the sun" support  • Emergency Handling (ERT - Emergency Recovery Team)  • Act as mentor to junior engineers in the group  • Liaise with the market units providing expertise in specific technical areas  • Provide remote support to projects being executed in the field  • Software installation and software upgrade services  • Act as consultant to customers requiring a Ericsson Mobile-PBN solution  • Signaling expertise to advice on network level concerns  • Develop and deliver design and performance services to meet the customer's needs  • Lead network design and network performance projects  • Assume technical lead responsibilities to ensure project success IT Analyst GlaxoSmithKline Corporation September 2011 to June 2012 Responsibilities:  ? Remote IT support  ? Configuring VPN channels  ? Providing access using soft and hard RSA Tokens  ? Providiing access rights to shared areas accordin to the policy  ? Configuring network connections  ? Interactions with customer    Environment/Tools: Networking tools, TeamViewer, RSA console Network Security Engineer Dataway Security, Kyiv October 2010 to March 2011 The company is a British distributor of Barracuda Networks products in Ukraine and other  countries of Eastern Europe.    Responsibilities:  ? Designing Network Security Solutions, based on Barracuda Networks products.  ? Preparing reports of comparison the Barracuda Networks Product with other vendors like BlueCoat,  McAffee and Fortinet to determine advantages and disadvantages for the products of the same  product type line.  ? Interactions with customer and manufacturer to resolve special requests, problems or administration  questions.  ? Preparing and performing presentations for end users (auditory up to 120 persons).  ? Integration the Network Security solutions into end-user's computer network infrastructure, further  technical support and remote assistance.  ? Testing a new products to determine if it is able to satisfy the customer's demands and it's deployment  opportunities.  ? Preparing specifications  ? Taking part in technical Webinars    Environment/Tools: Networking tools, UNIX and Windows Administrative tools, working with Barracuda  Spam & Virus Firewall, Web Filter, Link Balancer, Load Balancer, SSL VPN,  Message Archiver, Backup Service, IM Firewall, Web Application Firewall and interacting with customer's network infrastructure (routers, switches). Network Infrastructure Engineer BMS Consulting, Kyiv March 2010 to August 2010 Department of Networking Technology and Information Security)    The company is one of the biggest System Integrators in Ukraine. Performing large projects  all around the Eastern Europe.  Responsibilities:  ? Designing Network Solutions (Low and High Level Design) based on Cisco Systems, HP, H3C, 3COM,  ProCurve, Avaya and other vendors  ? Preparing Specifications  ? Interaction with customers, distributors and manufacturers  ? Taking part in technical presentations, discussions and conferences  ? Performing Network Troubleshooting at end user's side  ? Designing Videoconferencing Solutions based on Radvision, Vidyo, Polycom, Tandberg, Sony and Cisco products UNIX and Windows Administrative Cisco 2007 to 2007 constructor, Cisco IOS, working with Cisco/H3C/3COM/other Routers and 2L/3L Switches, Access Points, Firewalls;  MCUs and Videoconferencing terminals. Interacting with customer's network  infrastructure. Education Bachelor's Degree of Computer Science in Computer Science The National Technical University of Ukraine "KPI" 2004 to 2009 Skills Networking (9 years), Network Security (9 years), Python (2 years), Cloud Computing (1 year), Virtualization (2 years) Certifications/Licenses AWS Solutions Architect - Associate January 2019 F5 Certified Administrator, BIG-IP May 2019 PCNSA - Palo Alto Networks Certified Network Security Administrator March 2019 CCIE R&S #50134 – Cisco Certified Internetwork Expert September 2015 Additional Information ? Skills  * IP Solution Analysis and Design.  * IP Network Deployment and Configuration.  * IP Network Audit and Support  * IP Network OAM    ? Competence  * Juniper Routers (M7i/10)  * Juniper Firewalls (ISG-1k/2k, SRX)  * Extreme Switches (Summit48Si, Alpine, Black Diamond)  * Ericsson IPworks, DNS  * Ericsson Smart Edge/ Redback SE-100,400,600,800,1200& SSR  * F5 LTM/GTM  * Cisco Routers (ASR920, ISR4331/4221, C819 )&Switches(IE3000, 3850, 2960, Nexus, Catalyst  Switches )    ? Packet Core Networks  * Routing and Switching.  * Routing Protocols (MBGP, BGP, OSPF, ISIS)  * MPLS (RSVP & LDP)  * Redundancy protocols(VRRP, HSRP, ESRP&NSRP)  * QOS implementation for different traffic types(Voice, Signalling, Charging and O&M)  * Security.  * Routing policies and Firewall Filters.  * Layer 3 & 2 VPNs  * IPSec VPNs.    ? CCIE R&S #50134, AWS Architect, PCNSA, F5-CA, CCNP/CCDP/CCNA Security, JNCIP-SP, Bachelor  or Computer Science