IT Security Product Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Product <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Service Desk Analyst Oviedo, FL Work Experience IT Security Product Analyst RedMonocle - Orlando, FL January 2019 to June 2019 • Research Threat Intelligence & Defense IT Products  • Create spreadsheets based on Gartner & Forester recommendations of IT Product tools  • Provide insight into latest Cyber Security & Cyber Espionage products to clients  • Install & test latest Threat Intelligence & Defense products on multiple platforms including Virtual/ Solaris  • Create detailed reports on latest Threat Intelligence & Defense products for purposes of demonstration and comparison   • Create XML/ Excel/ PowerPoint files on Network Forensics/ Payload analysis for terms of comparison for clients  • Review latest Threat Intelligence information in terms of IT Defense tools Service Desk Analyst Lockheed Martin September 2018 to December 2018 •Providing client support services for Lockheed Martin Staff and employees via chat and phone,  remote desktop management, remote client assistance via Skype/ Avaya- Cisco Phone Systems.  • Working with internal, external, and international Lockheed Martin employees and contractors  on user accounts, email accounts, online courseware, shared online resources, workgroup  collaboration account management, online databases and other service desk managed tasks.  Proving remote installation services to client desk side applications specified for their work  necessity.  • Bridge calls between Lockheed Martin Employee's & Priority VP'S /Priority management via Skype  • Actively document what took place during the call using Service Now  • Working with department managers and priority managers to get trouble issues resolved quickly via escalation.  • Managing and tracking support incidents though Remedy ticketing system.  • Working with Avaya telephone systems and supporting clients experiencing problems with their  desk based telephone systems.  • Install Hardware monitor tools on Lockheed Employee's computers to actively monitor computer health  • Add/ Edit users within Active Directory- Microsoft Exchange- Office 365 Network Engineer II (Temp Contract) AOK NETWORKING Oviedo April 2018 to July 2018 Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.  Experience using Remedy ticketing system for tracking, updating and closing assignments  Perform daily network administration, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs, and verifying completion of scheduled jobs such as backups.  Printer support and configuration of assorted HP printers and Xerox 7855 Document Center MF Printers  Interpret and/or discuss information with others, which involves terminology or concepts not familiar to many people; regularly provide advice and recommend actions involving rather complex issues. May resolve problems within established practices.  Support IPhones, IPads, and Blackberry devices  Add and edit user accounts on hosted servers via Active Directory.  Installation of Audio, Printers, Scanners, Projectors.    Drive out to sites and install software, perform system maintenance & install new hardware.  Configured and installed routers switches and wireless controllers.  Evaluated complex computer systems to assess vulnerability and risk.  Maintained all network documentation for hardware configuration and licensing.  Remote into PC's via Automate and resolve technical issues.  Document throughly what actions have taken place via Connectwise  Troubleshoot various network issues affect solutions and collaborate with staff and outside vendors to resolve complex problems.  Keep network infrastructure up-to-date and secured. Technical Support Specialist INFOTAINMENT - Oviedo, FL January 2018 to April 2018 Set up computers, install latest software, insure all devices that are needed in the work environment are functioning properly.  Troubleshoot hardware related issues  Duties included installation and day-to-day troubleshooting of all software and hardware related issues for new and existing PC's  Run updates & configure employee's computers to the latest firmware and settings.  Set up and maintain printers, fax machines & VOiP phone systems  Troubleshooting & Support for phone devices: [BlackBerry, iPhone, iPad, Android]  Answer and resolve calls related to the programming of our products.  Document all customer interactions into our CRM  Installation and troubleshooting of Printers, Scanners, Projectors, and visual devices. Technical Support Engineer FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS - Orlando, FL March 2014 to December 2017 Experience working with many makes and models of laptops and desktops, including Compaq, IBM, Dell, Sony, and other assorted clones  Configure and set up VOiP, Static IP & Port forwarding  Installation and troubleshooting of Audio, Printers, Scanners, Projectors, and visual devices support and configuration of assorted HP printers and Xerox 7855 Document Center MF Printers  Set up tickets for technicians to go out and resolve issues.  Used Remedy Ticketing System to Open, Update and Close Mobility Tickets. Responsible for building and deployment of new Ipads to Remote End Users and Ipad End User Training.  Remove viruses, malware & configure web browsers and computers to operate at full potential.  Preform security sweeps and virus scans of customers computers remotely.  Troubleshot Internet connectivity issues  Set up networks for businesses and residential customers over the phone.  Deployed new Lenovo Thinkpad/Dell Laptops with the latest Windows 10 Image and Office 365 Products (Outlook, Skype for Business, One Note etc..)  Monitor current reports of computer viruses to determine when to update virus protection systems.  Configure firmware & WiFi settings customized to user request  Preformed PC tune ups and general optimization for Windows remotely  Maintained a strong sense of professionalism and courtesy when assisting customers with any technical aspect related to their ISP  Resolved old back logged IT related tickets in Service Now for issues such as Any Connect, VPN, Mobile Iron, AirWatch, Windows 10, Outlook 2016, Office 365, Skype for Business, Iphone/Ipad and Exchange Server.  Document all issues into our CRM accordingly Technical Support Specialist APPLE - Lake Mary, FL March 2012 to February 2013 Troubleshot technical issues related to IOS  Maintain, troubleshoot and support computer workstations, laptops, printers, mobile devices  Helped customers set up their new Apple Devices over the phone and over live chat.  Configured wireless networks for Ipad's & Mac Computers.  Execute software installation and deployment to computing systems  Resolved technical issues related to iCloud and iOS updates.  Remain calm under extremely high call volume while providing exceptional customer service. Education Associate of Arts in Information Technology SEMINOLE STATE COLLEGE Oviedo - Oviedo, FL 2014 Skills Exchange (4 years), IOS (4 years), iPad (4 years), Mac (Less than 1 year), VOiP (4 years), Help Desk, Service Desk, Helpdesk Support, Tech Support, Desktop Support, Customer Support, Customer Service, Active Directory (6 years), Call Center, Security, HTML, SQL, testing, Microsoft Office, Cisco, training, access Additional Information Active Directory Microsoft Exchange TCP/IP Office 365 Microsoft Excel Automate Troubleshooting & Project management System and network configuration Ipad, Mac & IOS Troubleshooting. Apache Spark Google Sheets, Documents & Cloud, Service now Ticketing- Connectwise Ticketing. Windows 10 Installation and set up for Residential and Business. Skype For business-  Avaya Phone Systems Windows Server Windows Remote VOiP LAN & WAN Hardware & Software installation,