IT Auditor <span class="hl">IT</span> Auditor IT Auditor - GEICO, North America Houston, TX Efficient and action-oriented IT auditor, with over 5 years of experience, capable of utilizing resources and solving complexities, while enhancing personal experience, and contributing meticulously to the progress of a team and/or company. Work Experience IT Auditor GEICO, North America May 2017 to Present • Assist with audit evaluations to provide reasonable assurance that risk management, control, and governance systems are functioning as intended and enable the organization to meet its goals and objectives.  • Complete reporting control documentation and test work.  • Evaluate automated systems controls including authentication and authorization, and other  controls to support privacy and security of sensitive data.  • Identify emerging issues and recommend solutions to IT Audit & Compliance Management.  • Handle special projects such as Segregation of Duties (SOD) and SOX Compliance and identified conflicts or inadequate internal controls and provided recommendations.  • Review violations of computer security procedures and developed mitigation plans.  • Knowledgeable in-Service Organization Control (SOC)/ SSAE 18 Review, HIPAA, COBIT and COSO frameworks.  • Collaborated in project management activities, prepared audit reports, conducted kick-off and closing meetings  • Worked within a team and independently to create a solid information technology infrastructure  and put in place policies and procedures. IT Auditor Jaimel Healthcare Services - Houston, TX October 2015 to May 2017 • Performed risk-based audits of information systems, operating systems, and operating procedures.  • Assisted with audit evaluations to provide reasonable assurance that risk management, control, and governance systems are functioning as intended and enable the organization to meet its goals and objectives.  • Conducted system walkthrough, reported control documentation and test work.  • Evaluated automated systems controls including authentication and authorization, and other  controls to support privacy and security of sensitive data.  • Identified emerging issues and recommend solutions to IT Audit & Compliance Management.  • Coordinating IT related SOX compliance processes, assessing IT general controls in connection with program development, change management, computer operations, security and configurations as well as vendor service providers  • Identified the weakness in system and help create an action plan.  Helped plan the execution of internal audit and reporting. IT Security Analyst Gracefull Home Healthcare - Houston, TX March 2014 to October 2015 • Coordinated and performed reviews of Data Center General Controls, Operating Systems, Databases (SQL & Oracle) Security.  • Communicated effectively with all levels of management to ensure full understanding of IT objectives, risks, and controls.  • Work with cross-functional groups on vulnerability management, network segmentation, system  hardening, SDLC processes.  • Perform security assessments of IT systems and evaluate against technical controls and operating procedures.  • Ensure findings are collected, reviewed, remediated, and presented in a clear and concise manner. Education MBA in Strategic Management University of Houston - Victoria, TX 2020 Bachelor of Science in Healthcare Administration in Healthcare Administration Texas Southern University 2015 Associates of Science Houston Community College 2013 Skills Cobit, It Audit, Fisma, Cisa, SOX Additional Information SKILLS    Microsoft Office (10+ years), Business Intelligence (5+ years), Auditing (5+ years), Data analysis & reporting (5+ years), SharePoint (5+ years), Security (4+ years), Change management (4+ years), testing (4+ years), Internal auditing standards including SOX, COSO and COBIT (4+ years), Project management (3+ years), Agile (2+ years), Lean Six Sigma - Yellow Belt (2 years), Lean Six Sigma - Green Belt (In Progress), CISA (In Progress)