Consultant, Network Systems & Support Consultant, Network Systems &amp; Support Hyattsville, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Consultant, Network Systems & Support Delcor - Silver Spring, MD April 2017 to Present Accommodate foundation, nonprofit, and association clients by providing excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills, while administering day-to-day software and hardware technical expertise in regularly changing and challenging situations.    Administer technical expertise in troubleshooting Active Directory, domain controllers, IP addressing, DNS, VPNs, remote access, in various environments. Provide maintenance, deployment, and/or configuration of software and hardware including client systems, servers, switches, PC and server applications, system software components, routers, printers, firewalls. Support the architecture, implementation, and configuration of virtual environments using VMware and cloud platforms. Collaborate with internal support teams and third-party vendors to compliment client remote support services.  IT Security Analyst Amtrak - Washington, DC June 2016 to March 2017 Monitored, developed, and executed IT security practices, while assisting and proposing the implementation of procedures, standards, and guidelines across the entire enterprise. Delivered solutions for activity-based security assignments, using specifications that are clear and concise in order to solve problems.     Make use of commercial tools to perform risk analysis reports, documenting gaps in findings. Help ensure the existence of appropriate security measures by providing assistance with business impact analysis that sufficiently protect resources. Uncover possible security violations by conducting security log inspection and providing security audit assistance.     Regularly interfaced with various departments, responding to request for assistance, information, and security issues. Respond to and/or resolved security incidents uncovered by various third party and internal tools, while assisting teams’ in completing forensic investigations and security incident handling. Review existing accounts and data access permissions against documented authorizations, as well as, providing security support for infrastructure and application related projects.    Developed reports and communicated results based on information compiled from gathered and tracked security metrics. Contributed to the application of security risk assessments for internal or third party applications, new or updated.     Provided software and hardware evaluations and recommendations for security functions, while assisting in the development of compliance and security awareness training programs. Guided users on the administration and usage of security tools that control and monitor information security.     Performed problem management, involving diagnoses of root causes, analysis of underlying problems, and determining organization impact providing managers and VIP management with frequent status reports and inventive solutions. BlackBerry & Wireless Administrator World IT Solutions, LLC; US Comptroller of the Currency - Washington, DC January 2013 to February 2016 Clearance: Public Trust, January 2013    Provided day to day technical and advisory support ensuring the optimum use of BlackBerry and wireless devices (air card, embedded wireless, and hotspot). Created and managed BlackBerry user accounts in BES 5.03 environment to over 3,000 end users.     Planned, developed, and implemented a BES 10 pilot test infrastructure for evaluating future mobile technologies; including Android and iPhone devices. Routinely performed air card and smartphone security analysis, functionality and compatibility testing, and writing end user documentation. Identifying problems, monitoring performance, and implementing upgrades to mobility related software as required.     Backup and recovery lead subject matter expert, proactively monitored performance, identified problems, implemented recommended improvements and/or upgrades, and provided end-user support and account management.     Performed problem management, involving diagnoses of root causes, analysis of underlying problems, and determining organization impact providing managers and VIP management with frequent status reports and innovative solutions. iTAC Service Desk Agent Powertek Corporation; National Institute of Standards and Technology - Gaithersburg, MD October 2011 to January 2013 Clearance: Public Trust, October 2011    Provided critical first-line incident support for client-side hardware, printers, COTS, and agency specific software to approximately 5,000 end-users in Gaithersburg, MD, Boulder, CO, and offsite remote users abroad using RSA SecureID.    Configured enterprise mobile devices including BlackBerry, iPhone, and iPad for network connectivity. IOS devices were managed using the Good technology platform to enable email, contacts, calendar, and secure VPN access. Worked primarily with VIP staff and senior management to troubleshoot BES and Good managed mobiles devices.    Consulted with customers to provide solid analytical, questioning, documenting, and problem solving abilities through various methods of contact to immediately diagnose causes of complex hardware, software, and/or network failure problems.    Conducted event management, conveyed information with team leaders and government personnel to facilitate the restoration of normal operational services with minimal business impact on NIST within agreed upon SLAs and business priorities.    Collaborated with NIST to make recommendations, implement, and integrate new innovated service offerings with NIST standards, policies, processes, and methods for an overall new set of service desk support offerings. PC Technician SmartSource, Inc. - Fairfax, VA August 2011 to September 2011 Document, troubleshoot, and/or resolve user desktop software issues  Make sure desktop systems, devices, and cables are properly installed and maintained Education Nanodegree in Full Stack Web Development Udacity - Mountain View, CA 2018 to 2018 Bachelor's in Computer Networks and Security University of Maryland University College - Adelphi, MD 2014 to 2016 A.A. in Computer Science: Information Systems Montgomery College - Rockville, MD 2010 to 2013 Skills Microsoft Azure, System Administrator, Vmware, AWS - Amazon Web Services, Adobe Creative Cloud, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, SQL, Git, PostgresSQL, Flask, JQuery, Linux, Cloud Computing, Computer Security, Network Security, LogRhythm, Windows Server, Incident Management, Switch, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Cisco Links https://www.kedmond.me Certifications/Licenses Exin ITIL v3 Foundation April 2012 Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist (MCTS) April 2011 Windows 7, Configuration Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) May 2011 Windows 7 Enterprise Desktop Support Technician CompTIA A+ July 2012 to July 2015 Microsoft Certified Profesional (MCP) February 2014 Microsoft Specialist February 2014 Windows Server Hyper-V & System Center 2012 R2 VMware Certified Associate - Workforce Mobility (VCA-WM) November 2013 Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) April 2012 Windows 7 Brocade Certified Ethernet Fabric Professional (BCEFP) April 2014 CompTIA Network+ August 2014 to August 2017 CompTIA Security+ December 2014 to December 2017 MTA: Windows Server Administration Fundamentals November 2015 to Present Microsoft Technology Associate  MTA: Windows Server Administration Fundamentals MTA: Security Fundamentals November 2015 to Present Microsoft Technology Associate   MTA: Security Fundamentals Cisco Certified Meraki Network Operator (CMNO) March 2017 to Present EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) March 2017 to March 2020 Fundamentals of Cybersecurity SNO13 March 2017 to Present Passed DSST Exam AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate April 2017 to April 2020 CompTIA Cloud+ August 2017 to August 2020 CV0-002 CompTIA Secure Cloud Professional – CSCP August 2017 to August 2020 CompTIA Secure Infrastructure Specialist – CSIS December 2017 to December 2020 CompTIA Cloud Admin Professional – CCAP August 2017 to August 2020 CompTIA IT Operations Specialist – CIOS August 2017 to August 2020 AWS Certified Developer - Associate June 2019 to June 2022