I.T. Security Analyst I.T. <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> I.T. Security Analyst - Washington Tech Solutions Saint Paul, MN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience I.T. Security Analyst Washington Tech Solutions - Lanham, MD May 2015 to Present Technical Scope:  Receive/Review A&A Packages from all systems for compliance review.  • Assist security personnel in completing their security requirements.  • Review POAMS for all systems to approve/reject.  • Create Documents, Policies and Procedures for conducting Security Assessments.  • Conduct Security Assessments on various systems using Tenable Security Center and Nessus.  • Conduct Monthly and Quarterly Data Calls for the OCIO office.  • Address security personnel in regards to their security posture in bi-weekly meeting.  • Led IT Security Assessments including verifying artifacts, interviewing personal and analyzing vulnerability scan results  •Update POA&Ms, contingency plans and ensure they are developed and tested.  •Work with the System Administrator to maintain the system's security and accreditation status.  •Ensures implementation of security measures by conducting security reviews and system tests.  •Ensure Risk Management is provided throughout the life cycle of the systems and networks.  •Review and prepare Information System security certification and accreditation support documentation and ensure systems are configured per DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs). Assisted with the maintenance of security-related documentation (e.g., SSP, Interim Authority to Test, Production Data Waivers, and Authority to operate). - Participate in information system risk assessments, audits, and reviews.  • Ensured systems are operated, maintained, and disposed of in accordance with customer security policies and practices outlined in the SSP. Key Achievements: I.T. Security Analyst MBA Solutions - Bowie, MD February 2013 to March 2015 Technical Scope:  Orchestrated core analysis and risk assessment in addition to mitigation for government contracting organizations, including creation of in-depth security plans, backup and security strategies, data analysis, security recommendations and briefings, and cross-functional team communications. Serve as vital contributor to updates of system categorization, contingency plans and related testing, authorization controls, and IT system regulatory compliance.  Key Achievements:  * Spearhead training of junior Security Analysts as an exemplary member of the team and skilled team leader in conducting forensics and identifying hacking activity.  * Specially selected to head various high-profile projects involving mitigating malware risks using network forensics. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science University of Dschang Skills MAC (Less than 1 year), MAC OS (Less than 1 year), SOLARIS (Less than 1 year), UNIX (Less than 1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES  Platforms: UNIX, Solaris, Windows, Mac OS  Technologies TAF, Xacta and CSAM