IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Troy, AL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst ORACLE India Pvt Ltd July 2015 to January 2016 Development and maintenance of an Information Security programs, including Policies, Standards, Guidelines and Procedures allowing the organization to respond quickly to reduce the impact of security events.  • Knowledge of Cloud Infrastructure and maintaining security services for Oracle Cloud for Industries and Microsoft Azure.  • Managing Vulnerability Assessment for applications hosted on ORACLE cloud for multiple business units.  • Knowledge of McAfee, Nessus vulnerability assessment/scanning tools.  • Knowledge on ISO 27001, PCI DSS, ITGC, SOX, and other frameworks.  • Driving ongoing audit, security standards and compliance.  • Strongly willing to pursue CISSP in near furture.  • Hardening of OS, network servers.  • Experience in Identity and Access Management(IAM).  • Knowledge on Auditing and artifacts analysis.  • Configuration, Integrating Event Sources. Real-time monitoring, correlation of events, notifications and console views.  • Implementation of the Security Development Life Cycle (SDLC)  • Reporting, Auditing and Historical Analysis.  • Experience in Unix, Linux Shell scripting and SQL Database.  • Experience in Scripting languages like Korn Shell, C Shell, Bash.  • Utilize Cyber technologies, such as IBM AppScan for static code analysis, RSA NetWitnesS, Mandiant MIR, FireEye for threat/malware analysis and mitigation.  • Intrusion Prevention System, IBM Proventia  • Intrusion Detection System, Snort.  • Experience in software security principals (i.e. OWASP, penetration testing, application testing)  • Analyzing assessment findings, suggest remedial measure, plan and implement the same.  • Assessment of business risk from IT Operations.  • Knowledge on Malware/Vulnerabilities and effectively correlate, analysis, investigate and remediate security  events  • Performing Real-Time Monitoring, Investigation, Analysis, Reporting and Escalations of Security Events from  Multiple log sources  • Creating Daily, Monthly reports and Adhoc reports of various devices for stakeholders  • Knowledge on Security Log analysis and provide technical description with good coordination skills Security Analyst Tata Consultancy Services - Noida, Uttar Pradesh May 2013 to July 2015 Project: Entire TCS  Worked as Security Analyst in TCS, Noida with experience in • Vulnerability Assessment.  • RSA SIEM Tool.  • RSA SA SIEM Tool.  • Knowledge on ISO 27001, ISO 22301, PCI DSS, ITGC and other frameworks.  • Hardening of OS, network servers.  • Intrusion Prevention System, IBM Proventia.  • Intrusion Detection System, Snort.  • Deployment of Security Policy.  • Knowledge on Malware/Vulnerabilities and effectively correlate, analysis, investigate and remediate security  events  • Performing Real-Time Monitoring, Investigation, Analysis, Reporting and Escalations of Security Events from  Multiple log sources  • Creating Daily, Monthly reports and Adhoc reports of various devices for stakeholders  • Knowledge on Security Log analysis and provide technical description with good coordination skills  • Good knowledge on Infrastructure technologies ( Servers, Proxy, Network). Knowledge on firewall, IDS/IPS.  • Analysis and Reporting Skills Analyst Tech Mahindra Ltd December 2010 to April 2013 Project: LBG HBOS/ COMMISSIONING TEAM  As a Commissioner, I am involved in the following:  • Intrusion Prevention System, IBM Proventia  • RSA SIEM Tool: Security Information and Event Management.  • Intrusion Detection System, Snort.  • Vulnerability Assessment.  • Knowledge on Security Log analysis and provide technical description with good coordination skills.  • Performing Real-Time Monitoring, Investigation, Analysis, Reporting and Escalations of Security Events from  Multiple log sources.  • Maintaining compliance towards ISO27001 standard.  • Migration of IBM network under BT for Lloyds Banking Group (LBG).  • Migration of HBOS network same as Lloyds Banking Group(LBG) for BT.  • Migration of Third Party Sites network under BT.  • Includes certain stages and pre-networking tests.  • Perform root cause analysis based on the incidents  • Knowledge on Malware/Vulnerabilities and effectively correlate, analysis, investigate and remediate security  events  • For network Implementation of our client BT (British Telecom).  • Testing the commissioned/migrated link with engineer and our client LBG  • Customer Engineering.  Also, I am involved in the following:  • Handling the Inventory on behalf of BT for various Customers.  • Inventories maintained basically for the devices, providing telecom solution to BT customers, such as MPLS  Circuits, ISDN, Routers, and Switches. Request involves various activities like Addition, Cease, and Updation of devices.  • Worked on various BT tools like NMSL Loader, SMARTS, INTELLIDEN and BFG-IMS. Education Master of Science in Electronics Miranda House, Delhi University - Delhi, Delhi Bachelor of Science in Physics Miranda House, Delhi University - Delhi, Delhi Doon Public School - Delhi, Delhi Skills SECURITY (5 years), SIEM (4 years), PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY (2 years), PCI (2 years), ISO27001 (2 years), AUDIT (Less than 1 year), INFORMATION SECURITY (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILLS  Information Security (5 years), Cloud Security (Less than 1 year), Vulnerability Management (5 years),  SIEM, SIEM (4 years), Audit Frameworks (ISO27001, PCI DSS, ITGC)