Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - UNATEK Inc Laurel, MD An Information Security Analyst with in-depth experience in managing and protecting enterprise information  systems, network systems and operational processes through information assurance controls, compliance  verifications, Risk Assessment, Vulnerability Assessment in accordance with NIST 800-53 and SOX,  FISMA, COBIT, PCI DSS, FISCAM, OMB App. III A-130, MS Access, Excel and other products in MS  office Suite and industry best security practices. Functional areas of expertise include:  • Network Security • Security Life Cycle  • Vulnerability Assessment • Systems Risk Assessment  • Enterprise system compliance Audit • Systems Development Life  • Privacy Cycle  • Business Systems Analysis • Change Control  • Access Control Work Experience Security Analyst UNATEK Inc - Bethesda, MD April 2013 to Present Develop, review and update Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), and  Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB App. III A-130, NIST SP 800-18 and industry best security practices.  • Performed IT Audit by testing Access Control, Change Control, Data Management, IT Operations,  Network Operations and Asset Management during SOX 404 compliance Audit.  • Applied appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST  800-37 rev1, SP 800-53 rev4, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 and OMB A-130 Appendix III.  • Conducted systems and network vulnerability scans in order to identify and remediate potential risks.  • Performed Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) audit reviews using NIST 800-37  rev 1.  • Updated IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines according to department and  Federal requirements.  • Performed risk assessments, developed/updated and review System Security Plans (SSP), Plans of  Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, Configuration Management Plans  (CMP), Contingency Plans (CP), Incident Response Plans (IRP), and other tasks and specific security  documentation.  • Supported the Security Control Assessment (SCA) team to conduct risk assessments, documentation for Security Control Assessment, systems analysis and hardening, vulnerability testing and scanning.  • Familiar with NIST Publications SP 800-18, SP 800-30, SP 800-37 rev 1, SP 800-53 rev 4, SP  800-53A, SP 800-60 and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) - FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.  • Helped the System Owners generate the Implementation Statements to Security Controls  • Ability to translate business requirements into control objectives • Coordinate and manage team  activities during assessment engagements.  • Establish schedules and deadlines for assessment activities.  • Monitor controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements. Security Analyst Remarkable Technology Group July 2012 to March 2013 • Establish schedules and deadlines for assessment activities.  • Prepare and submit Security Assessment Plan (SAP) to CISO for approval.  • Develop and update security plan, plan of action and milestone (POA&M).  • Prepared and reviewed documentation to include SSP, SAP, SAR, and POAM Packages.  • Create reports detailing the identified vulnerabilities and the steps taken to remediate them.  • Reviewed and updated some of the artifacts especially FIPS 199, Initial Risk Assessment, PIA, SAR,  POA&M.  • Assist in daily administration of security controls, compliance, monitoring and enforcement program. IT Support Analyst DC Health Care Inc May 2011 to June 2012 • PC hardware installation, configuration, maintenance & upgrades.  • Operating System installation, maintenance & upgrades  • Router, Firewall, Cable Modem, WiFi installation and configuration  • Application Software installations and maintenance.  • Antivirus, Spyware, and Spam protection  • PC support including system tuning and optimization.  • Network, Remote Access, and Peripherals setup and support.  • General desktop PC and server support. Education University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ April 2012 National Diploma Marketing Kwara State Polytechnic May 2000