IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Dorchester, MA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Santander Bank - Boston, MA October 2016 to Present Analysis and research of security events related with spam, malware and accesses as part of the incident response team to apply controls to reduce risk and and mitigate damages.   Integration of the technologies as Domains Controllers, ASA firewalls, Checkpoints and others with the SIEM Splunk.   Management of WAF solution and Data loss prevention for email and endpoints. IT Security Consultant Telmex - Mexico City June 2011 to September 2016 Consultant specialist in SIEM ( Security Information and Event Management) and DDI (DNS, DHCP IPAM) solutions.  Design, deploy and support SIEM solutions, using brands like McAfee, HPE Arcsight, Splunk and Sentinel NetIQ for government and private sectors, With the participation on the biggest projects in Mexico like Servicio de Administración Tributaria and Policia Federal.   Analysis of events to create correlation rules and dashboards to present the information gathered in the network and sending the notification to the SOC for the correspondents actions.  Design, deploy and support of DDI solutions, using brands like Infoblox and BlueCat for government and private sectors. Education Master's in Data Science Universidad del Valle de Mexico - Mexico City September 2017 to September 2019 Bachelor's in Information Technology La Salle University - Mexico City August 2007 to May 2011 Skills SQL scripting (7 years), Linux management (7 years), Linux Shell Scripting (3 years), Windows Power shell scripting (2 years), DNS and DHCP migrations (7 years), SIEM manageent (7 years), Information Security, Cyber Security, It Security, Compliance, Windows server administration (7 years) Certifications/Licenses ITIL v3 2016 to Present I am able to apply ITIL concepts to the day a day operation Bluecat Authorized Consultant 2015 to Present Certification and training to perform migrations from Microsoft or Bind to BlueCat. Certified Infoblox Core Engineer June 2016 to Present Infoblox specialist in DDI solutions implementations. Arcsight Security Solutions January 2016 to January 2018 Especialist in HP Archsight solutions Intell Security Certified Product Specialist SIEM February 2016 to January 2018 SIEM specialist for McAfee Cybersecurity: technology, application and policy April 2018 to Present Certification by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Splunk User July 2018 to Present I am able to create dashboards, reports, alerts and different content in Splunk to data analysis. Splunk Power User July 2018 to Present I am able to create dashboards, reports, alerts and different content in Splunk to data analysis. Additional Information LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/javilam