IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Appleton, WI A non-traditional IT security professional with an uncanny ability to communicate with and understand the technology and security needs of  associates across all levels in an organization. Excellent interpersonal, communication, technology, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Schenck SC 2015 to 2018 Responsible for preventing breaches to company data while educating end users on their security requirements.    ? Created new hire security orientation training which established consistent information educating all new associates on personal  responsibilities regarding security protocols and procedures.  ? Researched, implemented, and maintained Two-Factor authentication for VPN service (DUO) which added an additional security gateway  for remoted connection to company data.  ? Researched, implemented, and maintained Security Index and Event Monitor (SIEM) (LogRhythm) which allowed real time analysis for suspicious activity.  ? Analyzed, wrote, edited, implemented and maintained security policies and procedures.  ? Researched and implemented compliance across a wide variety of specialties including PCI, HIPAA, GLBA, Sarbanes-Oxley, and FABSA.  ? Directly worked with business leaders creating unique solutions for individual departments while also reaching compliance requirements.  ? Simulated Phishing attacks which highlighted problem areas and assisted with determining solutions.  ? Created security baseline for all departments which established the lowest level of abnormality with employee actions.  ? Utilized least privilege principle thereby eliminating unnecessary security loopholes. Schenck SC - Appleton, WI 2012 to 2018 IT Help Desk Analyst Schenck SC 2012 to 2015 Responsible for intercepting incoming employee requests/incidents while resolving on first call if possible or else rerouting to appropriate technician.    ? Created knowledge base articles allowing employees, as well as fellow technicians, to perform certain tasks for process completion.  ? Designed orientation training material for newly hired analysts as well as benchmarking checkmarks for growth and performance.  ? Assisted engineers and higher-level analysts in specializing in special software and processes to relieve workloads in time of need.  ? Mapped incident groupings to determine and present issues are problems to higher management. Problems affected large areas of workflow.  ? Contacted vendors for service, repair, and replacement as well as verified repairs were done according to SLA.  ? Provided Inventory management and inventory depreciation/disposal which saved previous company $10,000 due to manager's oversight. Education Associate Degree in Computer Science University of Wisconsin - Menasha, WI 2010 Skills Security (3 years) Additional Information CERTIFICATIONS / SKILLS    Security + Certified 2018  CASP Certified