Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - JASINT Consulting LLC Bowie, MD Diligent Cyber Security professional, seeking for a position as a Cybersecurity Analyst, proficient in online security research, planning, execution, and maintenance. Adept at training and educating internal users on relevant cybersecurity procedures and preventative measures with Project Management, NIST 800-53, Rev1 and Rev4 and NIST SP 800-37 Rev 1, 800-18, 800-53 Rev3 and 800-34, FIPS, FISMA Security Content. Automation Protocol, NIST Family of Security Control, POA&M, Incident and Contingency Planning.  CORE QUALIFICATIONS  • Extensive knowledge of all common business-related IT functions with the ability to identify potential online security risks and communicate network security issues to peers and management  • Solid understanding of various security software applications and the OSI model and well-known ports and services.  • Experience in planning, researching and developing security guidelines and understand endpoint security solutions to include File Integrity, Monitoring, Data Loss Prevention, Nessus, and eMASS.  • Understand Federal information technology security standards, guidelines, regulations and programs such as HIPAA, NIST SP 800 Series, ITIL, and FIPS 199,200and RMF.  • Experience with current Microsoft Windows server and client operating systems and current Red Hat/CentOS/Ubuntu Linux operating systems. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst JASINT Consulting LLC - Columbia, MD December 2015 to Present Presented policy recommendations to Senior IT Manager on effectiveness of monitoring of controls through CCM, associated risk management activities and reduced the extent of audit needed to undertake annual detailed testing of controls by 20%.  • Developed and implemented online security procedures and worked with management to update security manuals and address current concerns.  • Updated and reviewed A&A packages, which includes SSP, PII, PIA, and PTA.  • Reviewed SAR Post Assessment, create and completed POA&M remediation and prepared/reporting SSP, PTA, PIA, and ST&E.  • Performed Categorization and classification of a system using NIST SP 800-60 VOL 1 and FIPS 199 as my guide base on the (CIA) Confidentiality, integrity, and Availability of the system policy and procedure.  • Conducted Security Assessment interviews to determine the STE Security Test Evaluation.  • Worked with my system engineer in implementing controls.  • Developed rules of engagement document to facilitate the scanning of Agency network and vulnerabilities.  • Established an E-authentication report to provide technical guidance in the implementation of electronic authentication.  • Developed a risk assessment report to show or identified threats and vulnerabilities applicable to the system. IT Security Analyst Smart Data Solution - Silver Spring, MD February 2013 to November 2015 • Conducted time-to-time risk assessment and reviewed controls for any deficiencies, and the deficiencies were reported to the ISSO for complete mitigation actions.  • Drafted Contingency Plan recommendations for system owners.  • Monitored events logs for irregularities, identified regularities and reported incidents.  • Contributed to weekly changes, management meetings to evaluate changes.  • Developed Privacy Threshold Analysis PTA and Privacy Impact Analysis PIA.  • Developed System Security Plan SSP to provide an overview of system requirements.  • Conducted assessments for 6 months and prepared performance reports for upper management  • Ensured Security Authorization Packages such as SSP, POA&M, and SAR Security assessment reports are maintained, reviewed and updated according to the guideline. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technology and Cybersecurity Strayer University - Washington, DC Bachelor of Science in Management University of Buea Diploma in Accounting and Marketing Cambridge College Skills Mastery of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Windows, UNIX and Linux operating systems, Information Security, Cyber Security, Mastery of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Windows, UNIX and Linux operating systems (6 years)