IT SECURITY ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">SECURITY</span> <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> IT SECURITY ANALYST - Coastal International Hyattsville, MD A highly driven and motivated Information Technology ( IT) Professional with over 7 years of technical skills in a wide range of Operating System platforms and IT Cyber Security support based system services seeking an opportunity in a friendly and fast growing environment where my analytical and problem resolution skills will be of great value in achieving company's goals and missions. Strong communication skills and team based spirit, comfortable working in single focused positions and an ability to adapt to the change in company culture. Work Experience IT SECURITY ANALYST Coastal International - Washington, DC February 2015 to Present Reviewing, maintaining, and ensuring all Assessments and Authorizations (A&A) documentation are included in the system security package.  ? Ensure Implementation of appropriate security control for Information System based on NIST 800-53 rev4, FIPS 200, and System Categorization using NIST 800-60 and FIPS 199.  ? Review and update remediation Plan of Action & Milestones (POA&Ms) in Cyber Security Assessment and Management (CSAM), gathering artifacts and creating mitigation memos, residual risk memos and corrective action plans to assist with the closure of the POA&M.  ? Perform vulnerability and baseline scans, using tools such as Tenable Nessus, analysis scan results, and document findings in POA&M.  ? Collaborate with system administrators to remediate POA&Ms findings.  ? Ensure vulnerabilities and risks are efficiently mitigated in accordance with the organization continuous monitoring Plan.  ? Monitor controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements.  ? Identify new and maintain the disposal of information system inventory in accordance with established policies and procedures while ensuring accurate configuration management and property accountability.  ? Modify and maintain procedures, operational process document, change control document, operational checklist, and detailed system specifications.  ? Conducted security assessment interviews to determine the Security posture of the System and to develop a Security Assessment Report (SAR) in the completion of the Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) questionnaire using NIST SP 800-53A required to maintain Company Authorization to Operate (ATO), the Risk Assessment, System Security Plans, and System Categorization. Information Security Analyst INDIGO IT, LLC - Reston, VA July 2012 to November 2015 Ensure proper system categorization using NIST 800-60 and FIPS 199; implement appropriate security controls for information system based on NIST 800-53 rev 4 and FIPS 200.  ? Perform kick Off Meetings  ? Apply appropriate information security control for Federal Information system based on NIST 800-37 Rev 1.  ? Facilitate Security Control Assessment (SCA) and monitor activities.  ? Develop a Security Assessment Report (SAR) in the completion of the Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E) questionnaire using NIST SP 800-53A required to maintain Company Authorization To Operate (ATO), the Risk Assessment, System Security Plans, and System Categorization.  ? Reviewing, maintaining, and ensuring all assessment and authorization (A&A) documentation is included in the system security package.  ? Perform information security risk assessments and assist with the internal auditing of information security processes. Assessed threats, risks, and vulnerabilities from emerging security issues and also identified mitigation requirements.  ? Work with system owners to develop, test, and train on contingency plans and incident response plans.  ? Tests, assess, and document security control effectiveness. Collect evidence, interview personnel, and examine records to evaluate effectiveness of controls.  ? Review and update remediation on plan of action and milestones (POA&Ms), in organization's Xacter 360/CSAM. Work with system administrators to resolve POA&Ms, gathering artifacts and creating mitigation memos, residual risk memos and corrective action plans to assist in the closure of the POA&M.  ? Activities for investigations. Additional Information TECHNOLOGIES AND EXPERTISE  ? Computer skills: Microsoft Office Suite, 70wpm, Adobe, PowerPoint, Excel    ? Network tools: Nessus (SC-5), CSAM, IACS360