IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Lafayette, IN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Purdue Research Foundation 2016 to 2018 I implemented and used Rapid 7 InsightIDR for log management, incident response, alerting, and network forensics. I used Tenable Security Center for Vulnerability Management. I provided end user training and wrote monthly newsletters to integrate security best practices into the culture. I maintained the Computer Security Incident Response team including communications tests and tabletop exercises. I also provided general security recommendations and worked with the rest of the IT team to minimize risk. IT Security Analyst - IT Security & Policy Purdue University 2013 to 2016 I utilized McAfee IDS, SIEM, MVM, and ePo to monitor, take action, and correlate data for phishing, spam, account compromises, vulnerabilities, copyright infringement, malware, and network forensics. I used IBM's AppScan for web application scanning. I used Cisco Zone Based Firewalls to secure connections between schools and the world. I also performed memory and hard drive forensics. IT Systems Administrator Indiana Packers Corporation 2011 to 2013 I managed the complete lifecycle of computers, servers, and network equipment. I successfully implemented Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager; including: Windows update management (WSUS), standard imaging (WDS), and remote assistance. I also supported telephony systems, printers, networking equipment, wireless, Active Directory Users and Computers, and I implemented and maintained the use of Group Policy. I successfully upgraded the wireless to light weight access points (802.11n) with the use of a Cisco virtual wireless LAN controller for both the main site and sister site. I supported over 250 end users. Ivy Tech Lafayette 2008 to 2011 I was able to improve the overall usage and organization of equipment for student use. I built a website with video and printable tutorials and links to relevant student sites. I created a virtual server infrastructure for student and instructor use. I built a Cisco network infrastructure to make a secure and beginner friendly user experience. I supported and maintained 400 end users, their computers, servers, and network equipment. Education Master of Science in Information Security and Assurance Western Governors University Indiana 2018 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western Governors University Indiana 2012 Associate of Applied Science in Computer Information Technology Ivy Tech Lafayette 2010