IT Compliance & Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Compliance &amp; <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Compliance & Security Analyst Long Beach, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Compliance & Security Analyst Apria Healthcare - Lake Forest, CA 2014 to 2016 Liaison between IT Compliance and Deloitte auditors, also POC for KPMG internal and external SOX  audit teams. Involved with HIPAA and SOX projects and worked along Sr. Managers, Directors, and  EVPs. Performed quarterly compliance audits, tracked and documented results and approvals.  Coordinated annual review of Information Security Policies, SOP and SODs procedures. Performed  weekly internal vulnerability scans and coordinated remediation with various teams. Coordinated  quarterly external vulnerabilities scans with various vendors such McAfee, Cylance and Protiviti then  coordinate those findings. This includes scheduling meetings, tracking requested information, and tracking open items.  • Knowledgeable in Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL),  • Analyzed product and service procurement: SEPM, Tripwire, Nessus, Qalys, Auditing App,  • Coordinated internal and external penetration testing and vulnerabilities remediation,  • Documented compliance and security standards and protocols,  • Completed quarterly SOX and HIPPA reviews and assisted on annual audits,  • Managed incident response and implemented SIEM cases for monitoring events,  • Performed security metrics and analyzed bandwidth consumption, email gateway, malware and geo threats.  • Approved change processes for network infrastructure, security, firewall, and Internet  protocols. IT Specialist Royal Academy Software - Long Beach, CA 2008 to 2014 Maintained Microsoft applications, Windows Operating Systems and set up a variety of mobile  devices. Managed installation and maintenance of the organization's local area network hardware and software. Administered network operations troubleshooting connectivity problems, installed & maintained routers, added and terminated users, assigned rights and access, reset passwords,  established e-mail addresses, assessed and reported operational status. Took owner ship of incidents and requests e.g. logs, prioritize, update the call, escalate through to resolution.  • Possessed a genuine passion for quality and the delivery of great customer service.  • Created a knowledge base to facilitate planning, policy decision for preparedness, response,  recovery, and mitigation at all levels.  • Knowledgeable in Information Technology Infrastructure Library.  • Skilled Problem Solver I have the unique ability to see simple solutions to complex problems. IT Specialist Royal Academy Software - San Pedro, CA 2011 to 2013 Backed-up and maintained workstations up-to-date. Always met standards consistently and exceeded them in customer service and care. Managed Wi-Fi devices, connectivity and Web filters,  serviced and troubleshot all type of portable devices. Gave advice for electronic procurement and upgrades. Troubleshot and maintained software and hardware often through remote access.  • Created, installed and configured access points settings, firewall, e-mail client, anti-virus  protection and Internet security policies, active directory, mapping drives, backup restores,  operating systems. IT Specialist Earth Science Associates - Long Beach, CA 2007 to 2007 Created printer consolidation, reduced toner waste and paperless reports. Consolidated storage and successfully configured network, server, switches, and access points. Deployed workstations  virtualization, created remote access, and recommended video conference software vendors. Trained  users on supported systems and new software. Collaborated with head programmer to improve  software use and reported detail documentation on software bugs.  • Completed paperless projects under budget saving $8,000 yearly storage and 90 work hours  monthly.  • Influenced decision-making processes and organizational structures as cross-functional team. Education Will pursue graduate school 2016 to 2018 Bachelor in Science in Business Administration California State University of Long Beach 2007 Skills IT Security (10+ years), Project Management (6 years), MS Office Suite (10+ years), IT Compliance (3 years), HIPAA, HIPAA (3 years), SOX (3 years), Auditing (3 years), Network Security (6 years) Additional Information Computers & Software Programs Interpersonal and Communication  • Expert in Windows 7 & 10, Mac OS, Mobile • Experienced, self-motivated, resourceful,  devices OS; high energy, ethical, excellent  • Experienced in Database, Windows Servers, communication skills, team player.  • Advanced in VPN, VoIP, LAN/WAN; VMWare;  • Expert in Microsoft Office Suite, SharePoint, • Competent, bilingual English/Spanish,  CMS, Hardware and Software extremely detail-oriented, fast learner,  troubleshooting. responsible, task oriented, lean thinker,  well-informed, self-starter attitude.  Managerial and Personal Programs  • Studied Project Management and Six Sigma  Applications. • Assertive, able to see the big picture, team  • Autodidact in basic Italian. player, always focus on client's needs,  • Volunteered time for the CyberPatriot critical thinker, good listening skills.  competition.