IT Security and Operations Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> and Operations <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security and Operations Analyst Akron, OH Information Technology Security Analyst - Well versed in all facets of project implementation, management oversight of computerized technology and information systems. Experienced in all layers of network and computer systems from structured wiring through application development. Resolute problem solver with strong communications, interpersonal and leadership skills. Demonstrated ability to work effectively at all organizational levels with both internal and external customers. Strong work ethic with credentials to effectively improve processes will add value and contribute to bottom line results. Key skills include:    • Applications Design / Development • Database Administration  • Strong Analytical / Planning • Verbal / Written Presentation  • Systems Analysis / Administration • Performance Management  • Project Implementation / Management • Network Support / Administration  • Cost Reduction / Savings • Customer / User Support Work Experience IT Security and Operations Analyst BABCOCK & WILCOX COMPANY - Barberton, OH 2001 to 2011 Barberton, OH 2001 - 2011  A leading, international provider of energy products and services. Babcock & Wilcox Nuclear Energy Group, Inc. B&W's Nuclear Energy Group employs skilled and experienced resources focused on meeting the world's growing demand for commercial nuclear energy. Babcock & Wilcox Power Generation Group, Inc. B&W PGG continues to provide the industry's most advanced steam generating equipment, emissions control equipment, and services for the existing fleet of power plants.  IT Security and Operations Analyst  Reported to Executive Director. Responsible for maintaining and monitoring system backup tapes required for Emergency Disaster Recovery System.  • Developed process that cut processing time from 6hrs to 1hr.  • Developed procedures to extract backup tapes and send to our storage facility. Established procedures to confirm that proper tapes were sent out and then monitored for restoration of files. Recalled tapes for production system restores or recycle, and to satisfy all Sarbaine Oxley requirements.  • Performed file restores for company wide users using QiNeTix (Comm Vault).  • Provided support for the creation and updating of active directory account creation.  • Managed the creation and process completion of over 1,000 new accounts for 4 new acquisition sites.  • Managed and created tools utilizing MS-Access to monitor and ensure completion of software application upgrade of Travel and Expense system for 4,000 new users.  • Designed and developed Operations database application utilizing MS-Access for the creation of new File Transfer Protocol sites. Used to send large volumes of data to new and prospective business partners.  • Created an electronic version of Operational Reports utilizing MS-Access for submitting reports using Enterprise Visibility software. Enabling users to submit reports from remote locations with carrying copies of manuals to perform the tasks they were required to perform.  • Performed Development/Test/Production System turnovers (updates to system process) Education Communications Community College of The Air Force - Akron, OH Additional Information Operating Systems: Hands on experience and professional training in management of MS-Windows Server 2000/2003/2008 with Active Directory. Windows 98 thru Windows 7, Enterprise Visibility, Magic Helpdesk Software  Development Tools - Implementing and administering MS Windows 2000 Directory, Implementing & Supporting Windows XP, S-SQL Server 2005/2008, Visual Basic 6.0,Visual Studio 2005, Galaxy 6.1 (Comm Vault)Systems Administration Level I & ll, ASP.NET Web Applications Visual Studio .NET, Windows 7, Enterprise Desktop Support Technician. Access 2007 Application Writing  Microsoft Office Specialist - MS Access 2003 Certification  Office Software: Intermediate to advanced expertise and professionally trained in MS-Office 2003/2007 including Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint.  E-Mail: Installation and administrative support for MS- Exchange 2003/2007, Outlook, GroupWise 6.0