Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - Couchbase Work Experience Information Security Analyst Couchbase - Mountain View, CA April 2018 to Present Validate customer security commitments to locate gaps in our Security Program  ? Build out Information Security Roadmap.  ? Roll out Sophos Endpoint Protection and Encryption on corporate devices.  ? Provide new hire IT Security training. Lead IT Analyst Couchbase - Mountain View, CA October 2017 to March 2018 Implement Zoom Rooms and roll out Zoom globally.  ? Audit existing systems to remove all terminated employee access reducing IT spend by $3700/month.  ? Supervise the helpdesk team to improve onboarding, offboarding and troubleshooting procedures.  ? Assist with system administration duties on-site and colocation, racking, cabling, and creating VM's using  XenServer.  ? Improved HQ Meraki network by upgrading firmware, creating access point network map, standardizing naming  convention.  ? Full inventory of data center servers, network equipment, corporate and employee devices and implement asset  management software to track all fixed assets. IT Specialist Coursera - Mountain View, CA January 2016 to October 2017 Technical support and infrastructure maintenance for Headquarters and global offices.  ? Network configurations including change from Google DNS to Level 3, shortening DHCP lease times, separating  wireless from wired IP pool  ? Routed Cat6 Plenum cable through crawl space for access point install saving Coursera $5,000.  ? Patched and terminated CAT6 Plenum cable and upgrading access point hardware.  ? Work with finance team to get baseline of IT assets and write off missing/stolen laptops.  ? Implemented AssetTiger IT asset management to be used by IT, Finance and HR teams to track assets.  ? Rolled out Sophos Anti-Virus company wide which enabled us to be security compliant.  ? Implement and roll out Google OAuth Wireless network.  ? Audit SaaS accounts to secure corporate data and reduce license cost.  ? SaaS Administration - Google Apps, Zendesk, Slack, Atlassian, SalesforceIQ, Dropbox, Microsoft, OpenVPN,  Artifactory, Pivotal Tracker, Datadog, Phabricator, Github, Meraki etc.  ? Basic Cisco switch port configuration.  ? Re-cabled IDF room by terminating Cat5e cables to proper length and routing cables from patch panel to switch. Desktop Systems Specialist Xactly Corp - San Jose, CA December 2013 to December 2015 Serve as the main contact for C-Level Executives for technical support.  ? Supervise and train three IT Interns on helpdesk processes and best practices.  ? Set up and facilitate corporate All-Hands meetings and support corporate trade shows.  ? Upgraded MapR cluster to CentOS 6.3.  ? Installed and configured CrashPlan ProE on Windows and Linux servers.  ? Setup and configure new DMZ Server and migrate VM's.  ? Setup and maintain user accounts on Active Directory, Okta, GoToMeeting, Google, Workday, Peak Travel, Box,  Docusign, Zendesk, Domo.  ? Helped facilitate office relocation from March 27-29, 2015  ? Saved Xactly Corporation $10,000 / year through Verizon Wireless Project which I deactivated non-utilized  devices as well as changing data plans to an aggregate business share plan. Education B.S. in Business Administration/Management Information Systems San Jose State University 2014 Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/allenhilario