IT Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Security Specialist - Bureau of Labor Statistics New Windsor, NY Seeking to leverage my 10+ years of experience in IT Security into a IT Specialist role in order to expand my existing technical and informational writing knowledge and skills. Work Experience IT Security Specialist Bureau of Labor Statistics - Washington, DC February 2010 to Present Investigates breaches and improper use of BLS computer systems; including, as appropriate, the gathering, analysis, and preservation of evidence, as well as the development and implementation of necessary countermeasures.  ? Responsible for handling digital forensic evidence and analyzing various digital devices with EnCase 6/7 Forensic Software and FTK Imager.  ? Trained resource staff in reviewing and distributing industry vendor alert analysis/recommendations expanding continuous coverage during task assignments.  ? Monitors the Department of Labor (DOL) Lockup press room to detect, locate, and monitor all cellular, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth activity to prevent the early release of BLS embargoed data in the room  ? Serves as a leading BLS technical authority/resource for IT security by providing sound guidance, comment, and advice at internal and external settings of various types, including conferences and intra-agency groups. In addition, the expertise is used in ensuring the organization's review of all BLS proposals for new and modified IT systems and procedures to ensure and certify their adherence to required IT security requirements and best practices in the ever changing IT security field.  ? Participates in network and systems design to ensure incorporation and implementation of appropriate systems security controls and policies, which ensures the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems, networks, and data through the planning, analysis, development, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of information systems security programs, policies, procedures, and tools.  ? Participates in the execution of annual third-party security assessments. These assessments typically include the use of external experts in the field of IT security in auditing key components of the Bureau's environment to ensure that they are configured in compliance with Federal statute and regulation.  ? Assists division management in their efforts to prepare IT security policy by performing discrete tasks associated with the overall policy development process, such as evaluating and recommending adoption, nonuse, or use with modification of new or enhanced approaches to the operation of BLS IT systems. IT Support Analyst CGS Technology Solutions - Middletown, NY September 2009 to February 2010 Provided technical support for customers throughout the Hudson Valley region.  ? Responsible for Malware Removal and Data Recovery.  ? Supported users by troubleshooting of network connectivity related issues.  ? Responsible for asset management of computer systems.  ? Upgraded and replaced system boards, processors, hard drives and memory. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science St. Johns University - Queens, NY May 2009 Skills AUDITING (7 years), ENCASE (7 years), FORENSIC (7 years), FTK (7 years), SECURITY (7 years) Certifications/Licenses Security+ EnCE Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    Computer Forensics  ? Experienced in conducting forensic examinations across various digital devices and storage media utilizing forensic software such as EnCase and FTK Imager.  ? Proficient in acquiring and preserving computer media in either a lab setting or through onsite data capture or seizure. This involves creating byte-by-byte forensic copies of original media for legal and investigative purposes by using ICS ImageMASSter Solo-4.  ? Thorough understanding of hardware and data recovery, evidence collection, chain of custody, evidence storage, use of sterile media, forensic cloning and imaging techniques.  ? Able to communicate results of examinations and provide formal written reports based on sound computer forensics procedures.    Enterprise Security  ? Able to implement, configure, and manage IDS/IPS/WIPS solutions such as McAfee Network Security Manager and Air Defense.  ? Proficient in monitoring and analyzing logs of network firewalls such as Checkpoint Firewall.  ? Identifies and remedies architectural, infrastructural and procedural gaps and deficiencies in the Enterprise Environment.    Incident Management \ Monitoring \ Response  ? Proficient in incident response, incident handling, incident reporting, and threat scope analysis in instances of system breaches and improper use of computer systems.  ? Able to monitor and analyze network traffic and system logs alerts generated by the SIEM solution, Trustwave Intellitactics.    Vulnerability Management / Assessment  ? Able to implement, configure, and manage vulnerability assessment tools such as Rapid 7 Nexpose, NMap, and Tenable Nessus Security Center.  ? Proficient at verifying security findings and providing detailed evidence to validate false positives and negatives.    Policy Guidance  ? Designs, implements, and documents policies, processes and procedures that exceed requirements defined by FISMA/NIST control families.  ? Proficient in designing, enforcing, and auditing System and Application Configuration and Security Checklists.  ? Designs and documents System Security Plans and Change Management Plans.    Platform Experience  Familiar with Linux and Windows 7/2008/2012