Cyber Security Analyst Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Cyber Security Analyst - Elite Integrity Financial Group Swedesboro, NJ IT Security Professional with over 7 years of experience specialized in Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A), CyberSecurity, Information Assurance (IA), Risk Management, System Continuous Monitoring, Regulatory Compliance, Vulnerability Management and Project Management. I possess strong managerial skills, expertise in FISMA compliance, highly adaptive and superior analytical and organizational skills. Self driven with the ability to build and work collaboratively in a team environment or independently with strong written and verbal communication skills. Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst Elite Integrity Financial Group - Union, NJ November 2015 to Present Conduct security control assessments for new client systems based on NIST SP 800-53A Rev4 and in accordance with client policies and procedures  ? Leadership in utilizing Risk Management Framework process to enable successful approval to operate (ATO)  ? Ensure that security policies, procedures, and recommendations comply with NIST, FISMA,  organizational guidelines, and technical practice.  ? Analyze discovered infrastructure and software vulnerabilities obtained from scanning to determine risk, impact and remediation strategies.  ? Prepare recommendation reports that are made available to system owners to remediate identified vulnerabilities during the risk assessment process. IT Security Analyst Ernst & Young - Washington, DC April 2013 to October 2015 Provide expertise in vulnerability management processes and network vulnerability scanning using Tenable Security Center and/or Nessus.  ? Responsible for the development of system security control test plan and in-depth security  assessments of information systems.  ? Develop security baseline controls and test plans used to assess implemented security controls.  ? Conduct interviews, test and examine organizational processes and policies for FISMA compliance.  ? Assess system design and security posture as well as advise information security compliance with FISMA and NIST SP 800-53 rev 4 controls.  ? Create Security Assessment Reports (SAR) identifying the results of the assessment along with Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M).  ? Perform and recommend maintenance and system configuration settings in order to protect systems from emerging cyber threats.  ? Participate in CDM meetings to discuss vulnerabilities and potential remediation actions with system and application owners.  ? Develop System Security Plans (SSP) to provide an overview of system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by information system owners to meet those requirements  ? Conduct follow up meetings to assist ISSOs, System Owners and Authorizing Officials to close remediated POA&M items. Cyber Security Risk Consultant Deloitte Consulting - Washington, DC October 2012 to March 2013 Create and review System Security Plans compliance with FISMA and FISCAM.  ? Conduct security control assessments for new client systems based on NIST SP 800-53A Rev4 and in accordance with client policies and procedures.  ? Initiate kick-off meetings to collect system information to assist in the categorization phase using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  ? Develop System Security Plans (SSP) to provide an overview of system security requirements and describe the controls in place or planned by information system owners to meet those requirements.  ? Assess security and privacy controls using NIST 800-53 Rev4 publication guideline.  ? Review vulnerability management documents and provide remediation recommendations.  ? Review contingency plan and disaster recovery operation policy and procedures for compliance.  ? Manually reviewed logs and provided documentation guidelines to business process owners and management. IT Security Analyst Amerigest LLC - Elizabeth, NJ September 2010 to September 2012 Provided expertise on technical services including all aspects of information security  ? Conduct IT risk assessments to identify system threats  ? Assessed system design and security posture as well as advising information security compliance with FISMA and NIST SP 800-53 controls.  ? Conducted security control assessments to assess the adequacy of management, operation privacy, and technical security controls implemented  ? Performed maintenance and advanced configuration of systems in order to protect systems from emerging cyber threats.  ? Conducted forensic traffic logs analysis to isolate issues and respond to analyst alerts  ? Business Impact Analysis (BIA) to analyse mission-critical business functions, and identify and quantify the impact if these are lost (e.g., operational, financial). BIA helped to define the company's business continuity plan and IT internal control audit objective.  ? Performed IT General Control Audits (ITGC) in relation to Sarbanes -Oxley (SOX) Section 404 framework.  ? Federal ATO package development for Cloud based systems- Proficient. Education Certification in Cybersecurity University of Washington - Seattle, WA September 2018 to October 2018 Certification in Data Science SQL University of California - Davis, CA April 2018 to May 2018 Master of Science in Cybersecurity Management Kean University - Union, NJ January 2012 to May 2015 Paralegal Certificate in Paralegal George Mason University - Fairfax, VA August 2013 to December 2013 Bachelor of Science in Information Technology & Economics Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology - Kumasi Ghana September 2001 to June 2005 Skills SECURITY (8 years), NESSUS (6 years), NIST (8 years), SOX (6 years), FISMA (8 years), Information Security, It Security, Siem, Cyber Security, Cissp, Information Assurance, Network Security, Cybersecurity, Linux, Comptia Additional Information EXPERTISE:  Security Assessment & Authorization (SA&A), OMB Circular A-130 Appendix III, NIST 800-53A, FIPS, FISMA, FISCAM, Tenable Nessus, Nestsparker, COSO/COBIT, Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (SOX) SAS-70/SSAE 16, ITIL, ISO 27001, Privacy Act of 1974, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB), Nessus, Arcsight, AppScan and IPS/IDS, FedRAMP.