Business Analyst Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Business Analyst - LKS FINANCIAL SERVICES Minneapolis, MN Work Experience Business Analyst LKS FINANCIAL SERVICES 2011 to Present Work with subject matter experts to discover, define, assess, and document business needs and requirements. Must be able to quickly establish credibility while working in new subject areas and with various areas of the business (marketing, analytics, finance, sales, customer admin, support, etc). Drive toward on-time, quality deliverables in a highly complex and dynamic business environment, while actively managing stakeholder expectations.  * Collaborate closely with MIS to deliver the right solutions.  * Articulate requirements to technical teams in a variety of ways, including via logical diagrams, use cases, data samples  * Specialized in consulting by providing financial and management advisory for businesses. Specialized in business taxation, full cycle accounting including journal entries, financial, account reconciliation, analysis, forecasting and budgeting, financial reports and statements and sales tax payments.  * Engage in prioritization and problem-solving with technical resources in order to deliver robust solutions as quickly as possible.  * Represent business interests and ensure that all technical designs meet or exceed business needs  * Collaborating on the creation and maintenance of realistic timelines  * Identifying dependencies and risks/mitigation plans  * contributing regular updates that inform project status reporting  * Serve as an on-going subject matter expert and evangelist for data and associated capabilities. Help users understand and take advantage of the benefits of the enterprise data warehouse, as well as associated marketing automation, business intelligence and analytic capabilities  * Collected, and understood the business requirements for the project, and translated these into functional requirements.  * Managed requirements traceability and change request process.  * Current and Future state process analysis IT/Database Analyst TEKSYSTEMS 2009 to 2011 Contracted to Wells Fargo in Shoreview Minnesota  Maintained and installed servers within highly-secure data center consisting of more than 600,000 servers. Analyzed server room configuration and developed plans for new server locations in partnership with network engineers. Received, tested, and prepared incoming information technology systems and components.  * Recruited to role as a result of referral from the Vice President of (all) Data Centers for Wells Fargo.  * Improved company security and boosted staff and vendor efficiency by developing and implementing new daily approved vendor list. Compiled approved tickets /vendors daily and submitted to security team.  * Chosen to fill in as -Center Director- in absence of director.  Two time Top Performer Award Winner. Security Manager PERMAR SECURITY 2005 to 2009 Managed 24/7 security operations for critical company data center. Supervised, hired, and trained staff of 40+ to ensure appropriate coverage for secure operations.  * Collaborated regularly with multi-disciplinary teams including staff and senior management.  * Received Employee of the Month Award - four times.  * Recognized from Senior Management for attention to detail and strong leadership results.  * Created new security program including locked server/hardware rooms and ID cards for vendors. Education Master in Business Administration HAMLINE UNIVERSITY - Minneapolis, MN January 2012 to Present Computer Networking and Networking Security ASHWORTH UNIVERSITY January 2010 to June 2011 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration METRO STATE UNIVERSITY - Saint Paul, MN January 2009 to 2011 Associate of Arts in Accounting METROSTATE UNIVERSITY - Minneapolis, MN January 2007 to December 2009 Additional Information SKILLS    * Microsoft office Suite 2010 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access)  * MS Project  * Visio  * QuickBooks  * Business Analysis  * SQL  * SharePoint  * Methodology: Waterfall, SDVLC, SCRUM Agile  * Lotus Notes  * SAP