IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Crest Consulting group Work Experience IT Security Analyst Crest Consulting group - Bethesda, MD September 2012 to Present • Assisting the CISO in evaluating the effectiveness of installed systems and services; and providing advice on and devising solutions to a wide range of IT issues.  • Provide day-to-day application security expertise for multiple operating platforms including developing and maintaining security procedures and implementing controls to mitigate Administrative, Physical and Technical risks.  • Responsible for all C&A Phases insuring all deliverables are met for exact due dates.  • Set up meetings and conference calls with all appropriate Points-Of-Contact including ISO, PM, and ISSO.  • Completed System Security Plan (SSP), Information Technology Contingency Plan (CP), Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP), Risk Assessment (RA), Rules of Behavior, Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Privacy Threshold Assessment (PTA), Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) and Authorization letter Memorandum (ATO).  • Perform ST&E according to NIST SP 800-53A and recommended solutions  • Perform vulnerability scanning with Nessus  • Review artifacts and removed any PII (Personal Identifiable Information) for audit requests  • Update and Review standard templates for required security assessment and authorization documents, including risk assessments, security plans, security assessment plans and reports, contingency plans, and security authorization packages  • Evaluate threats and vulnerabilities of each system and ensure proper safeguards are in place to protect information systems INFORMATION ASSURANCE ANALYST Bcc consultants - Washington, DC January 2010 to September 2012 • Lead in weekly POAM review board  • Provide guidance on the implementation of Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M) review process to improve agency reporting and evaluation of the implemented security controls.  • Conducted weekly OCISO and Component validations for all system POA&M's  • Personally contacted all POC's to ensure proper POAM milestone updates  • Perform Continuous Monitoring on all systems  • Working knowledge of the Information Systems Security Authorization process, performing Security Authorization activities using National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-Series guidelines and processes, as well as DoD Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP) DoD 8510.01, and FISMA policies and guidelines  • Communicate effectively through written and verbal means to co-workers, subordinates, clients, and leads  • Over five years of experience in system compliance auditing and evaluation, C&A, IA and Risk Assessment of GSS (General Support Systems). Skills NIST (7 years), SECURITY (7 years), NESSUS (4 years), SOLUTIONS (4 years), SYSTEM SECURITY (4 years) Additional Information Technical Proficiencies:  OS: Windows 2008 and Windows 2012, Unix servers, Mainframe servers  Databases: SQL Server 2008, SQL Server 2012 and SQL Server 2014, Oracle, DB2  Network: Active Directory, Firewall, Routers, Switch, Hub  Software:  Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Access Windows Server) Nessus, Remedy Ticketing System(BMC) IDS/IPS, SIEM, Anti-virus,    Other: Hypervisor, SAP, PeopleSoft    SKILLS    • Experienced Information Technology C&A Analyst, experienced in FISMA and NIST Compliance, excellent Project Management, System Security Management, Security Policies and Procedures skills.  • Possess effective communication skill to present my points precisely to listeners.  • Excellent inter personal skills.  • Highly adaptive, superior analytical and organizational skills as well as familiar with a wide variety of applications, databases, operating systems and network devices.  • Ability to Work with little or no supervision and possess exceptional time management skills.  • Worked in a diversified team and excelled as member and/or leader.  • Possess strong technical writing skills.  • Ability to implement forward thinking strategies by providing progressive cost effective solutions.