IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Chenega Corporation Work Experience IT Security Analyst Chenega Corporation August 2012 to Present Perform Security Categorization using FIPS 199 and NIST 800-60 as implementation guild, Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), E-Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders.  • Develop, maintain, and communicate a consolidated risk management activities and deliverables calendar.  • Work with business owners to ensure timely identification and remediation of jointly owned risk related issues and action plans.  • Perform comprehensive Security Control Assessment (SCA) / ST&E according to NIST SP 800-53A and prepare report on management, operational and technical security controls for audited applications and information systems.  • Review audit logs and provide documentation guidelines to business process owners and management.  • Work with IT system sponsors to document security weaknesses in Plans of Action and Milestones (POAMs), as well as to initiate and support and provide quarterly report on corrective action. Information Security Analyst Inovalon Inc November 2008 to July 2012 Conducted FISMA-based security risk assessments for various government contracting organizations and application systems - including interviews, tests and inspections; produced assessment reports and recommendations.  • Documented and reviewed System Security Plan (SSP), Security Assessment Report (SAR), Security Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Authorization to operate letters (ATO).  • Assisted with review of policy, security alerts, guidance, regulations and technical advances in IT Security Management  • Utilized processes within the Security Assessment and Authorization environment such as system security categorization, review of security and contingency plans, security testing and evaluation, system accreditation and continuous monitoring.  • Contributed to initiating FISMA metrics such as Annual Testing, POA&M Management, and Program Management.  • Participate in design of information system contingency plans that maintain appropriate levels of protection and meet time requirements for minimizing operational impact to the organization. Data Analyst Inovalon Inc August 2007 to November 2008 Review medical documentation for accuracy and compliance with inpatient and outpatient coding and coverage rules.  • Recommend resolutions in keeping with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and company policy.  • Support automation and enterprise consolidation of data used in monthly, quarterly, and annual metrics reports for Inovalon.  • Review and implement processes for discerning and evaluating the data.  • Maintain internal control processes for all activities in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Education Capital Health Institute 2007 BSc in Clinical Nurse University of Maryland University College Additional Information SKILLS SUMMARY:  6 years plus of experience in IT Security positions within Commercial and Federal organizations, leading and managing network security, vulnerability management, IDS/IPS, SIEM using tools like Arcsight. Experienced in NIST 800 SERIES, OMB, FISMA and PCI DSS, with various private and federal agencies.  Possess excellent analytical/strong initiative and qualifications required to excel and succeed. Continuously upgrading and readily prepared to take on new challenges, absorb and easily adapt to any emerging technology.    SKILLS AND OTHER INFORMATION  Security Assessment & Authorization, Certification & Accreditation, Security Planning, Vulnerability Scanning, Business Continuity Planning, Risk Assessments, Vulnerability Management, Penetrating testing, PCI (DSS), Security Training & Awareness, Incident Response, Policy and Process Development, POA&M Management, MYSQL, MSSQL Server, Access, SharePoint, Oracle, VM ware, Mainframe- RACF, Windows, Solaris, Unix / Linux, TAF, CFACTS, CSAM, XACTA IA Manager, NESSUS, ArcSight, Microsoft SharePoint, ICD-9-CM, HCC, HHX, CRG, HEDIS, NIST 800-53, 800-137, 800-37, 800-18, 800-63, 800-115, 800-34.