Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - UNATEK Inc Bowie, MD A Cyber Security with in depth experience in managing and protecting enterprise information system, network system and operational process through information assurance controls, compliance verifications, Risk Assessment, Vulnerability Assessment in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB App.111 A-130, and industry best security practices Functional area of expertise include.    FIREWALL  PENETRATING  LINUX  SNORT, WIRE SHARK, VMWARE, CISCO  NESSUS  CRYPTOGRAPHY & ENCRYPTION Work Experience Security Analyst UNATEK Inc - Largo, MD April 2013 to Present Develop, review and update Information Security system policies, System security plans (SSP)and security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB App111 A-130, NIST SP 800-18 and industry best security practices.  Apply appreciate information security control for federal information system based on NIST 800-37rev1, SP 800-53 rev4, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 AND OMB A-130 Appendix 111.  Conduct system and network vulnerability scans in order to identity and remediate potential risks.  Performed federal information security management Act(FISMA) audit reviews testing NIST 800-37 rev1  Update IT security policies, procedures, standards and guideline according to department and federal requirements.  Performed risk assessment, developed/updated and review system security plan (SSP) plan of action and milestone (POA&M) security control Assessment, configuration management plans( CMP). Contingency plans (CP) Incident Respond plans (IRP) other tasks and specific security documentations.  Supported the security control Assessment (SCA)team to conduct risk assessments, documentation for security for control Assessments, system analysis and hardening, vulnerability testing and scanning,  Familiar with NIST publications SP 800-18, SP800-30, SP 800-37rev 1, SP 800-53 rev 4, SP 800-53A, SP 800-60 and Federal information processing standards (FIPS)-FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.  Helped the systems owner generate the implementation statements to security controls  Ability to translate business requirement into control objectives  Coordinate and manage team actives during assessment engagements.  Establish schedules and deadline for assessment activities  Monitors controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with security requirement. Security Analyst Remarkable Technology Groups MD July 2012 to March 2013 Establish schedules and deadline for assessment activities  Prepare and submit security assessment plan (SAP) to CISO for approval.  Develop and update security Plan, plan of action and milestone (POA&M)  Prepared and reviewed documentation to include SSP, SAP, SAR and POAM packages.  Creates reports details the identified artifacts especially FIPS 199, Initails Risk Assessments, PIA, SAR, POA&M.  Assist in daily administration of security, controls, compliance, monitoring and enforcement program. IT Support Analyst Metro Homes Inc May 2011 to June 2012 PC hardware installation, configuration, maintenance & upgrades  Operating System installation, maintenance & upgrades  Router, firewall, cable Modern, WiFi installation and configuration  Application Software installations, and maintenance  PC support including system turning and optimization  Network remotes Access, and peripherals setup and support  General desktop PC and server support.  Training and providing support to other branches  Ensure the availability of deliverance at the center prior to the start of the course  Updating of faculty details in employee management of online Retail portal Education general in computer bishop johnson - Freetown,SL December 1975 to December 1980 Skills Firewalls,penetrating ,snort,wire shark,vmware,cisco,crytography and encryption