IT ANALYST <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">ANALYST</span> Houston, TX Apply skills in a professional work environment to complete assignments promptly according to company standards. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT ANALYST Gray Reed & McGraw - Houston, TX June 2016 to Present ·        Daily desktop support to 125 local users on printing, Microsoft Office 2016, and iManage  ·        Provide high level after hours support to attorneys remotely  ·        Monitor Antimalware, patching, and security updates via SCCM  ·        Managed SCCM keeping all devices updated to the correct policies  ·        Streamline Dell laptop and AIO’s imaging using PXE boot  ·        Train new users the basics of iManage document management system  ·        Manage multiple print server’s queues and printers  ·        Troubleshoot hardware and software on HP printers, Apple iPhones & Dell machines  ·        Use Active Directory on a daily basis managing permissions and group policy  ·        Work with vendors on warranty support i.e. Dell, HP, and Microsoft Applications & Security Analyst ? M.D. Anderson Cancer Center - Houston, TX January 2016 to June 2016 ? Used Cherwell ticketing software to track user’s issues.  ? Created user employee EPIC records “EMPs” in text side of EPIC “SecureCRT”  ? Verified users had correct user EPIC templates for daily workflow activity’s  ? Walked users on the proper process to access EPIC via VX Remote or VM Ware  ? Server Patching in weeks leading up to EPIC Go Live  ? Lead a team in covering 24hr support during first two weeks of EPIC Go Live.  ? Recorded workflow process that caused multiple issues such as EPIC crashes  ? Monitored VM crashes or freezes then reset users VMs.   ? Used Active Directory on a Daily basis   ? Part of the single largest successful EPIC migration Deployment Technician Texas Human Health Services - Dallas-Fort Worth, TX April 2015 to July 2015 ? Imaged Windows 7 machines  ? Walked users through check out process to ensure satisfaction   ? Migrated user settings utilizing Kace software  ? Manually backed up data for users with special request  ? Traveled throughout Dallas and Fort Worth area to various HHSC locations to deployment machines Help Desk Technician JP Morgan Chase - Houston, TX 2014 to 2014 ? Respond quickly, effectively to requests received through in-house ticketing system.   ? Responsible for providing technical support to clients via inbound calls & live chats   ? Monitor Service Desk for tickets assigned to the queue and process first in first out   ? Modify configurations of utilities and software settings for local workstations   ? Utilize and maintain the helpdesk tracking software   ? Manage PC setup and deployment for new employees using standard hardware images and software IT Support Aon - CompuCom 2013 to 2014 ? Build Windows 7 on machines utilizing SCCM   ? Migrated user settings using AD Migration   ? Walked users through check out process to ensure satisfaction   ? Assisted users in solving any known issues after migration   ? Solved issues with VPN, Lotus Notes and Novell   ? Manually backed up data for users with special request General Manager Dominos Pizza 2010 ? Create staff schedules on a?weekly?basis?with low labor costs and good production??   ? Provide feedback, for growth and development of employees?   ? Recruit, interview, hire, train, develop a team that inspires to grow with the company   ? Organize a weekly meeting with asst.?managers to discuss sales, strategy and goals?   ? Responsible for maintaining low food cost with daily inventory count   ? Provide customers with a fast and reliable delivery experience?   ? Make sure all staff is working efficiently so that orders are done in a timely manner?   ? Store Key?holder?open and close?   ? Responsible for maintaining a clean work area during and after store hours? Education Associate Skills VMware, Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, SharePoint 2013, Exchange 2003-2013, Office365, Lync, Skype, MS Office, Project, Visio, Adobe Creative Cloud, Cisco VPN, Citrix, SQL Server (5 years), testing, Active Directory, access, security