Sr. IT Security Analyst Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Sr. IT Security Analyst - Bank of America & Company Washington, DC Skilled Sr. IT Security Specialist with expertise in risk management framework (RMF), systems development life cycle (SDLC), risk management, and vulnerabilities management of a wide range of vulnerabilities and threats. Results-driven IT professional with notable success within the information security and systems support fields. Experienced in business process engineering, systems/ solutions engineering, strategic planning, business analysis, quality assurance, and maintaining multiple factory support systems with vast knowledge of information security practices, policies, and compliance.    Functional areas of expertise include:  • Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  • Certification and Accreditation (C&A)  • IT Security Compliance  • Vulnerability Assessment  • Network Vulnerability Scanning    • Information Assurance  • Systems Risk Assessment  • Systems Development Life Cycle  • Technical Writing  • Project Management and Support Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sr. IT Security Analyst Bank of America & Company - Washington, DC March 2017 to Present Responsibilities:  • Coordinated and managed team activities during assessment engagements  • Lead the implementation of security programs designed to anticipate and minimize system vulnerabilities  • Supported client Security policies and activities for network systems and applications including Vulnerability Management, Incident Reporting, Mitigation, and Continuous Monitoring  • Managed and tracked system security requirements, and Assessment and Authorization (A&A) activities during all phases of the system's life cycle for all operational and development projects  • Provided Security engineering on an as needed basis to support Assessors and validators for A&A efforts  • Performed designs reviews, and provided guidance on new systems, networks, cloud, OS, web applications, database, hardware, and software designs for potential security risks  • Developed, reviewed and updated systems security documentations to include Policies, System Security Plans (SSP), SAP, SAR, POA&M, A&A core docs, and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, and industry best security practices  • Monitored security controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements  • Managed vulnerabilities with the aid of Nessus vulnerability scanner to detect potential/residual risks on a single and multiple asset across the enterprise network  • Facilitated implementation of security requirements and programs across systems Tiers, integrated security programs, and defined the scope and level of detail for system security plans and policies  • Assisted project manager on large-scale initiatives involving the transition and implementation of new systems - software and hardware using SDLC.  • Assisted in the development and implementation of policies and procedures to ensure compliance with banking regulations.  • Managed development, conduct training and education to staff relating to policies and procedures.  • Provide compliance guidance relating to new software development initiatives; including identifying potential compliance risks and ensuring that compliance processes and systems are developed and implemented.  • Participated in different Scrums and Sprints releases and prioritized and sized user requirements for future releases using Agile methodology Sr. IT Security Analyst Wells Fargo Bank & Company - Washington, DC February 2013 to January 2017 Responsibilities:  • Developed, reviewed, and updated Information Security System Policies, System Security Plans, and Security baselines in accordance with NIST, FISMA, OMB App. III A-130 and industry best security practices. Applied appropriate information security control for Federal Information System based on NIST 800-37 rev1, SP 800-53, FIPS 199, FIPS 200 and OMB A-130 Appendix III  • Updated and reviewed A&A Packages to include Core Docs, Policy & Procedures, Operations and Maintenance Artifacts, SSP, SAR, FIPS 200, FIPS 199, POA&M, CPTPR, BIA, PTA, PIA, and more  • Managed vulnerabilities with the aid of Retina, and Nessus vulnerability Scanners to detect potential risks on a single and multiple asset across the enterprise network  • Developed, evaluate and implemented information security governance processes, including policies, standards, procedures and risk management practices  • Implemented governance frameworks and security risk management processes, such as NIST, ISO, OMB guidelines and standards  • Created Use-Cases, User Interface documents and functional/requirements specification documents to document business needs.  • Requirements were gathered through interactions and meetings and periodic walkthroughs with potential users of the application. Business System Analyst Wachovia - Township of Warren, NJ January 2011 to February 2013 Responsibilities:  • Facilitated work sessions with business users and assisted them in defining business processes, requirements and possible risks, and analyzed possible solutions with team members.  • Facilitated analysis and user needs (use case surveys) with project teams and authored Use Case document (UCD), Functional Specifications and Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) with project teams.  • Developed and implemented processes for requirements gathering, analyzing, planning, tracking and used Requisite Pro for documenting.  • Served as a liaison between business users and IT team and Implemented business process analysis, business process modeling and business process re-engineering techniques.  • Performed JRP/JAD sessions and developed detailed requirements and preliminary design such as conceptual design for the application and created UML diagrams to clarify the requirements.  • Performed Gap Analysis ("AS IS" - "TO BE") to derive requirements for existing system enhancements.  • Identified, assessed, and recorded near-term business needs, recommended business priorities, and advised businesses on options, risks, and costs versus benefits.  • Scripted test cases for component and UAT using HP ALM.  • Logged defects in HP ALM and verifying all the cycles of the defect that I am responsible for.  • Reviewed and created test cases to perform Functional Testing, Security Access Testing, End-to-End Testing and Regression testing.  • Worked with Quality Assurance Testing team to facilitate comprehensive Quality Assurance Verification to ensure minimal post-implementation defects.  • Executed SQL queries, PL/SQL stored procedures, triggers on back end as a part of data analysis and data validation. Business Analyst/ Process Analyst US Bank - Minneapolis, MN July 2010 to December 2011 Responsibilities:  • Identified and involved all key stakeholders, contributors, business, operations and technical resources that must participate in projects and ensure that contributors are motivated to complete assigned tasks within the parameters of the project plan.  • Responsible for coordinating Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with business users, technical team, DBAs, testing team to analyze and validate the requirements, application lifecycle, gather and define the key performance indicators, document and present the requirements specifications.  • Responsible for project management, requirement gathering, defining requirement and functional specifications, analyzing business processes, data modeling, system analysis.  • Created Use Cases using UML and managed the entire functional requirements life cycle using Rational Unified Process, Requisite Pro.  • Assessed Credit Risk strategies with various internal credit tools and implemented Basel I strategies to augment Credit availability and balancing strategies.  • Performed Gap Analysis to identify the deficiencies of the current system and to identify the requirements for the proposed system.  • Created UML Diagrams including Use Cases Diagrams, Activity Diagrams/State Chart Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, and Web Page Mock-Ups using MS-Visio thus defining the Business Process Model and Data Process Model. Education Masters of Business Administration in Human Resource Management Strayer University - Washington, DC Bachelors of Arts in Political Science in Political Science USC Upstate - Spartanburg, SC Skills security, testing, Active Directory, access