IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Halfaker and Associates Martinsburg, WV Work Experience IT Security Analyst Halfaker and Associates May 2017 to Present Perform day-to-day technical management and administration for 35 US Coast Guard business applications and application infrastructure in order to provide a stable and secure IT capability  ? Support members of the Sustainment Operations Service Line (SOSL) to analyze and remediate security findings requirements, including the interpretation of security scans and logs, Vulnerability findings, security mandates and directives, Time Compliance Technical Orders (TCTO)/Task Orders, Security Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIGs), and DHS Hardening Guidelines  ? Determine remediation strategies and plans to address security incidents including:  * Scan or STIG vulnerabilities  * Security Assessment Process (SAP)/DISA/DHS Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&Ms)  * TCTO/Task Orders/ALCOASTS/Directives  * Information Assurance Vulnerability Alerts (IAVA) compliance  ? Ascertain solutions consistent with security best practices in the industry  ? Examine security related audit logs to identify any inappropriate or unusual activity using McAfee ESM (Enterprise Security Manager) and reporting any such incidents to the proper chain of command within the organization  ? Help to facilitate internal Service Line meetings that address security vulnerability status for the 35 business system application environments  ? Assist in completion and review of data calls or documentation related to Risk Assessments, Security Impact Analysis (SIA), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), or any other privacy security material  ? Review centralized repository (Microsoft TFS) containing all application security related requirements to assist in categorizing security items by Level of Effort (LOE), Area of Responsibility (AOR), and Organizational Urgency; ultimately leading to the facilitation and implementation of solutions based on those priorities  ? Analyze security briefings and warning for possible impact to the 35 business systems at the OSC  ? Assist in the reduction of security incidents to improve security posture as a whole for the organization IT Security Engineer USmax Corporation - Kearneysville, WV May 2013 to May 2017 each system gets on every 3 years or when significant changes occur to the system)  ? Proficient understanding and assessment of implementation of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication 800-53, DHS Sensitive Systems Policy Directive 4300A, and OSC Cyber Security Plan  ? Scheduling and conducting various meetings with team members, business systems, and senior stakeholders  ? Working on various working groups on projects essential to improving the structure of the OSC IA SAP/FISMA Team (Baseline Configuration Artifacts Project, BladeLogic Project, IAD Scan Request Project, COSS Interview Sheet Project, etc )  ? Part of the Cyber Security Project Team that deals with changes to controls and other matters associated with the SAP process  ? Organizing and hosting a cybergamut Technical Tuesday node each month for fellow team members to be able to gain CPEs for certifications they hold that call for Continued Education to keep them up-to-date  ? Time management skills - as an SE on the SAP/FISMA team there are a lot of things going on at once (SAP/POA&M closures/Data Calls/External Audits/Ad Hoc Requests/Etc.) so I have to make sure I delegate my time accordingly to get the things done with the highest priority while not neglecting the other requests that come in. Customer Engineer EMC Corporation August 2011 to May 2013 Break/fix maintenance on EMC products  ? Troubleshooting skills tested on a daily basis  ? Upgrading and Installing EMC Software and Hardware  ? Proficient in setting up WebEx sessions with customer or support  ? Schedule appointments with wide range of customers vastly improving people skills  ? Set up schedule on a weekly/daily basis in regards to what calls/tickets came in  ? Quarterly Training on EMC products and applications Internship Berkeley County Board of Education Department of Research and Technology January 2011 to March 2011 Networking  ? Installing printers on a network  ? Deploying printers on a network with Group Policy  ? Make group objects and delegate control through Group Policy  ? Creating custom snap-ins in Microsoft Management Console (MMC)  ? Clone workstations from a master image to create a lab  ? Physically add memory to workstation desktops Education Associates Degree in Information Technology in Information Technology Blue Ridge Community and Technical College January 2010 to May 2011 Skills Databases (Less than 1 year), EMC (1 year), ESM (Less than 1 year), NIST (4 years), Security (4 years) Additional Information Operating Systems:  ? Windows  ? Red Hat Linux  ? Solaris    Databases:  ? SQL Server  ? Oracle    Applications:  ? Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Power Point, Excel, Project, Visio)  ? Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) Xacta the USCG's enterprise IT risk management suite  ? STIG Viewer  ? McAfee Enterprise Security Manager (ESM)  ? Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS)  ? Photoshop CS4  ? VM Ware  ? EMC Applications (Unisphere, Symmwin, CentraStar, etc. which are GUI and Linux based)    Areas of Knowledge:  ? NIST 800-53 Rev.4  ? DOD RMF Knowledge Base  ? DHS 4300A  ? DISA STIGs