IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Gamenana LLC Work Experience IT Security Analyst Gamenana LLC February 2018 to Present • Conducts kick-off meetings to give the detail of the security assessment plan to be carried out on their information systems and also get approval.  • Conducts vulnerability and baseline scan using various scanning tools, such as NMAP, Tenable Nessus, CIS-CAT Scan and Microsoft Base Security Analyzer (MBSA).  • Develops, reviews, and updates information security system policies, system security plans (SSP) in accordance with NIST, FISMA and OMB CIRCULAR A-130.  • Applied the agile methodology to identify where you can use agile practices and techniques.  • Applied agile methodology to respond to change over following plan  • Work with individual interaction over process and tools  • Software development Lifecycle  • Customer collaboration over contract negotiation  • Conducts systems and network vulnerability scans in order to identify and remediate potential risks.  • Develops Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) through Establishment of schedules and deadlines.  • Holds kick-off meetings with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and system owners prior to assessment engagements.  • Prepares security assessment plans (SAP) for system owners review and approval  • Develops and updated system security plans.  • Performs Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security Test Evaluation (ST&E) and Plan of Actions Milestones (POA&M) IT Support Specialist / Account Management Analyst CCBCC February 2017 to January 2018 • Provide base level IT supports to both internal and external customers.  • Log all complaints and inform customers about issue resolution progress.  • Assign issues to appropriate support group for thorough support and prompt resolution.  Understand and analyze Business, Technical, Functional and User Interface requirement of a project.  • Resolves customer complaints by investigating problems; developing solutions; preparing reports; making recommendations to management.  • Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending sales meetings.  • Create test scenarios, test conditions and expected results and test cases.  • Execute test scripts and document results.  • Log defects and verify defect fixes.  • Support users having data and network connectivity issue.  • Monitors network performance and troubleshoot problem areas as needed.  • Provides first level support to customers before escalation.  • Active Directory and Exchange user support  • Install, configure and troubleshoot software.  • Cross-trained and provided back-up for other IT support representatives when needed.  • Displays exceptional telephone etiquette and professionalism in answering and resolving technical calls IT Security Analyst MotivonInc January 2014 to December 2016 • Conducts kick-off meetings to give the detail of the security assessment plan to be carried out on their information systems and also get approval.  • Conducts vulnerability and baseline scan using various scanning tools, such as NMAP, Tenable Nessus, CIS-CAT Scan and Microsoft Base Security Analyzer (MBSA).  • Develops, reviews, and updates information security system policies, system security plans (SSP) in accordance with NIST, FISMA and OMB CIRCULAR A-130.  • Applied appropriate information security controls for Federal Information Systems based on NIST 800 Series, 800-37 REV.1 Applying the RMF Risk Management Framework, SP 800Conducts kick-off meetings to give the detail of the security assessment plan to be carried -53 REV.4, FIPS 199 and FIPS 200.  • Conducts systems and network vulnerability scans in order to identify and remediate potential risks.  • Develops Plan of Action and Milestone (POA&M) through Establishment of schedules and deadlines.  • Holds kick-off meetings with the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and system owners prior to assessment engagements.  • Prepares security assessment plans (SAP) for system owners review and approval  • Develops and updated system security plans.  • Performs Risk Assessment (RA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), System Security Test Evaluation (ST&E) and Plan of Actions Milestones (POA&M) Education Bachelors in Cyber Security in Cyber Security University of Maryland University College Online Associate in Administrative Justice in Administrative Justice Northern Virginia Community College - Alexandria, VA