Tier 2 Help Desk Analyst Tier 2 Help Desk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Tier 2 Help Desk Analyst Springfield, OH Work Experience Tier 2 Help Desk Analyst 3C Technology Solutions - Columbus, OH May 2017 to January 2018 Duties:  1. Troubleshooting Dental software such as Eaglesoft, Open Dental, and SoftDent  2. General Troubleshooting of various PC problems  3. Configuring New PC's for Dental Offices  4. Setting up Email accounts and troubleshooting various E-mail issues Information Security Analyst Huntington National Bank - Columbus, OH November 2014 to July 2016 Duties:  1. Use Various Security Tools (RSA, Qualys, McAfee IDS, FireEye) to monitor and detect network threats  2. Serves as a triage to relay information to Engineers about possible network vulnerabilities  3. Work with the engineers to make sure known vulnerabilities are protected against.  4. Identify new vulnerabilities, and take appropriate actions with help of Engineer.  5. Create blacklists for corrupt URL's and create blocked IP addresses for known malicious sites.  6. Monitoring and handling of malicious emails.  7. Responsible for Certificate management and processing. IT Technical Support Scott's- Miracle Gro - Marysville, OH November 2013 to June 2014 Duties:  1. Handled daily migration and deployment of Windows PCs from XP to Windows 7  2. Manually installed Applications using Altiris and Active Directory  3. Helped Troubleshoot Various PC issues including Hardware and Software, as well as coordinating plans to make sure and meet specific deadlines HPC Intern Avetec/Wright Patterson Air Force Base - Springfield, OH May 2013 to August 2013 1. Researched HPC security in cooperation with the National Science Foundation (NSF) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL), Department of Energy (DoE)  2 Co-authored HPC security research paper for the National Science Foundation (NSF) and Part of a local/remote team of researchers  3. Work with little to no supervision to install/configure user workstations and servers  4. Inaugural member of TALON Program/AFIT at Wright Patterson Air Force Base  5. Received Cyber Security training alongside the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT)  6. Regularly work in virtual environments: Virtual Box/Virtual Machine  7. Gave a presentation/demonstration of ethical hacking skills learned  8. Installed and configured Windows Server 2008R2/HPC IT Specialist-Intern Avetec/Wright Patterson Air Force Base - Springfield, OH May 2013 to August 2013 1. Work with little to no supervision to install/configure user workstations and servers  2. Install/maintain/troubleshoot Windows 7 and XP  3. Prepare display monitors/slideshow presentations for corporate meetings Education Associate Degree in Network Communication in Network Communication Clark State Community College - Springfield, OH 2011 to 2013 Associate Degree in Cyber Security in Cyber Security Clark State Community College - Springfield, OH 2011 to 2013 Associate of Science in General Transfer in General Transfer Clark state Community College - Springfield, OH 2007 to 2009 Skills Active Directory (Less than 1 year), Customer service (Less than 1 year), Help Desk (Less than 1 year), Printers (Less than 1 year), Security (3 years) Additional Information Skills  Customer service specialist Troubleshooting proficiency  IT security policies Proficient in AVG, Printers, PC Security systems  New technology and product research  Vast technical knowledge  Active Directory  Virus and spyware removal  Technical help desk experience  SCCM & Active Directory Proficient