SENIOR IT AUDITOR SENIOR <span class="hl">IT</span> AUDITOR SENIOR IT AUDITOR - ALPHA HILL CONSULTING Dallas, TX IT Auditor with years of experience in financial statement audits, internal controls, IT general and application control testing. OMB A-127, Financial Management Systems and other federal financial management system requirements experience, FISCAM requirement expert. Work performed has included internal control testing (SOX), A-123 Audit, FISCAM, SSAE 18, Service Organization Control (SOC) reviews, walkthrough, audit readiness follow-up and test of controls and external audit for public and private companies. Work Experience SENIOR IT AUDITOR ALPHA HILL CONSULTING May 2014 to Present • Run client engagements from start to finish, which includes planning, executing, directing, and completing information systems audits and business process control reviews and managing to budget.  • Supervise, train, and mentor associates and interns on audit and review process and assess performance of staff for engagement reviews; perform in-charge role as needed.  • Evaluate and test business processes and business controls and identify areas of risk.  • Extensive FISCAM domain knowledge: Security Management, Access Controls, Configuration Management, Segregations of Duties, and Contingency Planning.  • Apply current knowledge of IT trends and systems processes to identify security and risk management issues and other opportunities for improvement. Also working on access management to identify the risk of unauthorized users.  • Work with audit and assurance teams and the client to plan engagement strategy, define objectives, and address technology-related controls risks and issues.  • Work with management consulting teams to implement controls in new systems deployment.  • Test system controls relevant to audit/SSAE-16 readiness efforts.  • Performing audit with IT general controls such as, access control, change management, IT operations, disaster recovery and platform reviews (Windows and UNIX OS)  • Performs application controls assessment in retail banking and Insurance industry by checking authorization control, interface control, computation control and data validity check.  • Performs internal and external IT risk assessments; conducted gap analysis against industry standards, and provided recommendations on mitigation options  • Lead integrated audits for evaluating network related issues; identifies IT related risks assessments and updated various risk and controls files to ensure firm wide identified risks were adequately addressed by control activities  • Evaluate segregation of duties over application security involving the company's ERP systems (SAP, PeopleSoft, and Oracle Financials) and execute audit strategy  • Extensive FISCAM domain knowledge: Security Management, Access Controls, Configuration Management, Segregations of Duties, and Contingency Planning. IT SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE ANALYST KPMG May 2013 to May 2014 • Designed and tested controls during financial statement audits, Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) 404 audits and SAS 70 engagements, which helped our clients foster strong internal compliance mindsets  • Established working relationships with client personnel, mid-level, and upper-level management  • Performed control design and effectiveness reviews as part of a management consulting engagement at a Fortune 500 company, which earned KPMG over $10 million dollars in fees  • Responsible for the timely entry of chargeable hours for my management consulting team to ensure that fees were paid in a timely manner  • Collaborated with Internal Audit departments at various companies to leverage Internal Audit testing where possible during audit engagements to create efficiencies  • Demonstrated excellent communication skills with clients and team members  • Extensive FISCAM domain knowledge: Security Management, Access Controls, Configuration Management, Segregations of Duties, and Contingency Planning. IT AUDITOR CREST CONSULTING GROUP March 2012 to May 2013 • Experience with IT general controls such as access control, change management, IT operations, disaster recovery and platform reviews (Window and UNIX).  • Reviewing internal policies and procedures and existing laws, rules and regulations to determine applicable compliance and the adequacy of underlying internal controls.  • Test of controls expert - ITGC, GSS, Interfaces, and Business Process Application Controls. Knowledge of Control Objectives for information and related Technology (COBIT) framework developed by the information Systems Audit Control Association (ISACA)  • Provides IT risk assessments and SAS 70 /SSAE16 and has conducted review of data centers, extranets, telecommunications and intranets to access controls and ensure availability, accuracy and security under all conditions  • Communicates with the company's external auditors on general computer control related matters and SOX test procedures  • Information gathered is reviewed and analyzed extensively, and then compiled into a written summary report  • Ensured audit tasks are completed accurately and within established time using the applicable frame works such as FISCAM, COBIT and COSO.  • Created, updated and analyze notice of finding and recommendation (NFR)  • Identified Risks associated with IT infrastructure, operations and applications including pre/post implementation audit reviews for ongoing IT projects along with current legacy applications.  • Liaised between in-house managers/ IT department and external financial and operational auditors.  • Prepared audit scopes, reported findings and presented recommendations for improving data integrity and operations. Education Bachelor of Science Coppin State University - Baltimore, MD Additional Information COMPUTER SKILLS: - Word, Excel, Power Point, ACL, IDEA, SharePoint and Teammate.