Infrastructure and security analyst Infrastructure and <span class="hl">security</span> <span class="hl">analyst</span> Network Administrator Juncos, PR Experienced in Telecommunications and Manufacturing Industries. Professional highly skilled Network System administrator and IT Specialist with 6 years of experience in Windows, Linux, Cisco environments. Expertise in networking concepts, TCP/IP protocols and Network Security. Easily identify and resolve network, technical issues and concerns. Work well independently or in a group providing all facets of computers and Network support such as troubleshooting, installations and maintenance. Excellent communications and presentation capabilities. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Infrastructure and security analyst Triple-S Data Center (BlueCross & Blue Shield subsidiary) - Guaynabo, PR August 2014 to Present Responsibilities  Troubleshoot and diagnostics LANs and WAN network issues  OSPF and RIP configurations  HSRP and VRRP Configurations  Assign routing protocols and Static Routes  Network Design and implementation  Network Address Assignment  Test, evaluate and implement switches and routers (Hardware and Software)  Firewall and Point to Point VPN gateways troubleshoot and diagnostic including SSL, IPSEC.  VLAN, VSS and Fabric Path configuration  Troubleshoot VoIP issues  Monitor Network performance  Define Network Policies and Procedure    Accomplishments  -Migrate core switches from Nortel Passport to Cisco Catalyst  -Integration of new branch to our network   -Assisted on the Disaster Recovery Procedure   -Assisted on Avaya PBX Upgrade IT Specialist Praxair Puerto Rico B.V - Gurabo, PR, US September 2013 to May 2014 - Executed the implementation of Network inventory software tool.  - Automation of a stored procedure backup of the payroll database.  - Assisted in the new mobile phone service contract   • Provide 3rd level remote and on-site Support to 150 users on Praxair branches and depots in PR and DR.  • Support and troubleshoot Microsoft Windows Server and Linux Server in PR and DR  • TCP/IP Network Support, CISCO Routers and Switches  • Installing and deploying Windows 7, Windows Server 2003/2008 servers  • Support and Configuration of email services on Smarts Phones (Apple iPhone)  • Tracked inventory on 5 locations using LanSweeper services  • Provide setup and support to Security IP Cameras and server (Milestone server)  • 2nd level support on Avaya PBX  • 2nd level support and configuration of Lotus Notes email client  • TrendMicro Antivirus Console management  • BrightStor ARCserve Backup service administrator and management along with backup tapes  • Created documentation for end users on a variety of applications support   • Microsoft SQL 2005 server Payroll Databases  • Provide level 1 support on Oracle JD Edwards and Citrix XenApp terminal applications Support  • Hand Held FieldCentrix support and service administration  • Provided help with running CAT5 network cable and drops IT Specialist GMT Corporation - Caguas, PR March 2012 to August 2013 - Improve documentation process among IT department and service cycle time by 75% by implementing a Wiki Intranet Site.   - Implementation of Microsoft SharePoint site and services (Intranet) - Improve department’s communications and HR employee services. Develop front end companies catalog application  -Installed Cisco wireless access points along with Cisco Linksys switch on new building.  • Provided 3rd level on-site and remote computer support for over 100 users.  • TCP/IP Network Support/ CISCO Routers, Switch Management, Cisco ASA firewall and VPN.  • Support Microsoft Exchange 2010 and Microsoft Sharepoint configuration and development.  • Active directory and Group Policy management support  • Administration of Windows server 2003/2008R2 on VMWare ESXi 5  • Deploying Windows 7, Windows Server 2003/2008R2  • Imaged and re-imaged Laptops and Desktop computers as needed.  • Support Smarts Phones and Tablets (Android, Windows Mobile blackberries, and iOS)  • Atlassian Confluence wiki server Administration  • Track IT inventory on LanSweeper tool  • Symantec Backup Exec and Symantec Endpoint Protection support along with backup tapes  • Management and administration of Microsoft WSUS Server   • Administration of the Blackberry Server IT Technician Worldnet Telecommunications - Guaynabo, PR July 2009 to March 2012 - Achieved a 30% reduction in hardware preventive maintenance cost in the Operations department by the implementation of VDI Technology and Ncomputing solution.   - Deployment of the automation of the MS Windows 7 operating system and PC applications to improve employee efficiency and installation cycle time. Assisted in upgrading Windows domain controllers and active directoryfrom server 2003 to server 2008. Assisted in upgrading MS exchange from 2003 to 2007. Assisted implementing new VoIP infrastructure and Mitel server’s application.  • Provided 3rd level on-site and remote computer support for over 200 users on 2 locations.  • Basic TCP/IP Network support  • Mitel 3300 PBX, Mitel 3300 console management support and Applications server support  • Purchase Orders of peripherals, softwares and computers  • Microsoft Exchange 2003/2007/Sharepoint 2010 & Active Directory Task  • Support virtual and physicals servers  • Configurration of VPN Clients.  • Imaged, re-imaged and deploy of Windows 7OS and applications  • Support and basic administration of Watchguard firewall  • Support Microsoft Great Plains server/client  • Configuration of Smarts Phones and Tablets (Android, Windows Mobile, iOS)  • Network VoIP infrastructure support  • CISCO Routers and Switches configurations Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Interamerican University - San Juan, PR 2005 to 2010 Certifications/Licenses Cisco CCENT July 2015 to August 2018 Cisco CCNA August 2015 to August 2018 Additional Information Computer Skills    Software:  MSSQL Server, MS Office, VM Ware ESXI, MS Exchange 2007/2010, Atlassian Confluence, Joomla, MS SharePoint, Backup Exec, MS Visio, MS Project, Apache Server, MS Access.    Operating Systems:  MS Windows (XP, Vista, 7, 8, Server 2003, Server 2008R2, Server 2012), Mac OS X, Apple iOS, Linux (Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora).    Networking:  Cisco Routers and Switches, VPN, FTP Servers, WatchGuard Firewall, Fortinet, PBX & ACD (Mitel, Avaya), TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, SAN, NAS, VLANS, OSPF, Cisco ASA Firewall, Network Design, IOS upgrades.    Programing Languages:  HTML, CSS, C++, Java, MSSQL, JavaScript,  MySQL, Python, MS VB    Core Competencies  Self-Motivated  Problem-Solver  High Ethical Standards  Project Management  Integrating systems  Focus on Results  Being Adaptable  Sense Urgency  Fostering Teamwork & Innovation  Managing Change