Experienced Cyber Security Associate Experienced Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> Associate Arlington, VA Work Experience Experienced Cyber Security Associate Guidehouse - Washington, DC October 2018 to Present • Data Leakage Prevention; Focus on Data Flow, Encryption    • Incident Response    • Manage internal controls, risk assessments, business process and internal IT control testing or operational auditing.    • Security Program Implementation    • Provide advice to Clients based on common security industry standards.    • Security Assessments Guidance    • Security Architecture Function/Design Nile Travel & Tours - Arlington, VA January 2018 to Present Arlington, VA  IT/Travel Support (January 2018-Present)    • Handled and reserved clients in person or over the phone for plane tickets using Sabre web program.  • Monitored and patched computers in the office to keep them updated  • Participated in customer service for the office  • Examined Weekly Sales reports  • Arranged Group Travel  • Documented group reports with names and customer requests  • Scanned machines using Microsoft Security Essentials KPMG - Washington, DC March 2017 to January 2018 • Performed Audit Advisory and remediation for client  • Interviewed client personnel to gain an understanding of how remediation process is being applied.  • Gave client advice on how to remediate findings we discovered after going through documentation they provided as well as interviews.  • Analyzed information and documented the findings.  • Identified and communicated accounting and auditing matters to senior associates, managers, and partners.  • Prepared process documentation including narratives, control matrices, and flowcharts.  • Participated in planning and scheduling client engagements for updates/changes that have occurred and would document it. Audit/ Security Analyst Accenture Federal Services - Arlington, VA April 2015 to February 2017 • Performed IT system testing of information systems in accordance with FISCAM and National Institute of Standards and Technology - Special Publication 800-53 (NIST SP 800-53)  • Assessed the design and operating effectiveness of IT controls, with a specialization in access and segregation of duties controls deemed to be relevant in the context of a financial statement audit  • Configured and ran different types of scans on Nessus  • Analyzed and researched different security issues based on scan report.  • Prepared lists of required documentation needed to gain an understanding of the system's associated IT control environment  • Security Documentation  • Security Reporting  • Performed remediation testing for open Corrective Action Plans (CAPS) Cyber Security Analyst Arlington, VA April 2014 to November 2014 • Performed an independent security control assessment/testing for initial ATO decision and subsequent annual assessment and continuous monitoring requirements.  • Assessment Planning  • Coordinated with system ISSOs on developing appropriate system security documentation (SSP, Risk Assessment plans, SAP, and Rules of Behavior) which provided evidence of compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  • Provided guidance to the client using NIST 800-53 standards and DOT Compendium.  • Conducted review and technical editing of assessment and authorization documents for the Department of Transportation.  • Performed Certification and Accreditation (C&A) activities, security categorization on IT systems  • Documented results of testing and information involved with system including what has not been met.  • Researched, assisted and revise Cyber Security policies and procedures.  • Verified that federal clients are acting in accordance with appropriate cloud computing guidelines.  • Documented application state, including logical and physical diagrams, connectivity, communication, and data flow diagrams, both internal and external to the system. IT Support Plexus Scientific Corporation - Alexandria, VA May 2012 to May 2013 • Provided a wide variety of Computer Helpdesk Support issues via telephone; email, and in person with end-users internal and external.  • Monitored employee's accounts that had malware concerns  • Reviewed security violation reports, after finding out the issue would document it on SharePoint  • In charge of Identity Management for Plexus Network.  • Researched/planned and performed diagnostics and troubleshooting of various system issues  • Gathered and created requirements for users to follow for any network issue  • Designed and developed System requirements for users to implement on their machines  • Trained users and promote security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network efficiency  • Started and completed Hard Drive encryption for a majority of the users.  • Performed Software Installs/Upgrades, Virus Removals, Data Recovery, Laptop repair, Active Directory, and implement various Network Security products and appliances, including Norton.  • Basic functions using SharePoint and Familiar with Windows Desktop Operating Systems (Win 7, XP, Vista). Contract IT Analyst/Software Auditor OSHA/Emesec, Department Of Labor - Washington, DC September 2011 to January 2012 • Installed and maintained AuditWizardTM Server Software, Installed updated client Software's on all Workstations.  • Engaged in monthly meetings with Supervisor on requirements of users to follow and analyzed system results on network.  • Administer manage and troubleshoot Software's  • Gathered and analyzed data collected by AuditWizardTM  • Scanned all workstations and servers locally as well as remotely against OSHA approved software lists for unauthorized software under company rules.  • Generated required reports and update Audit Wizard Software Audit Program documentation.    Security Clearance  • Public Trust Clearance IT Security Education B.S. In Information Technology in Networking/Telecommunications George Mason University - Fairfax, VA 2007 to 2012