Telecom Analyst Telecom <span class="hl">Analyst</span> TELECOM ANALYST Seattle, WA An experienced IT Analyst with a background in consulting, tech support, and data networking and operations.    I design, configure, and support data networks for utility plants, substations, and corporate offices. This includes creating and updating data and voice drawings in Visio for technicians to deploy and uploading configurations to Cisco 2960, 2901, 3560 and 3650s. I also prepare cost estimates for data equipment procurement for projects. I’ve previously coordinated and executed quarterly patch deployments to over 500 NERC CIP assets as well as led high priority, high risk network changes with the network operating center and energy control center.    I recently obtained my Master’s degree in Information Technology with a focus in computer networking and wireless systems. I am currently studying to pass my CCNA certification, but have completed certifications in ITIL Foundations CWNP's Certified Wireless Technician (CWT).    Some of the technologies I’ve worked with are:    Operating Systems – Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2012  Oracle - SQL  Cisco - Catalyst 3650, Catalyst 3560, Catalyst 2901, Catalyst 2960, Cisco Secure Access Control  Bluecat Address Manager  Solar-Winds ORION  Wireshark  BladeLogic Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Telecom Analyst Duke Energy - Raleigh, NC July 2018 to Present • Conduct customer site visits to define the scope and prepare data cost estimates for telecommunication projects.  • Maintain updates to engineering material; provide estimate on equipment orders within 10 days of site visit.  • Design, configure, deploy and support network infrastructure, ensuring cost effective design of data networks.  • Coordinate with internal and external sources to re-IP overlapping IP addresses at 10 remote sites in 4 months.  • Lead engineer for surveying and designing wireless networks for 20+ sites designing for coverage and capacity within 30 days of defining requirements  • Troubleshoot and resolve LAN issues during and after deployment of new equipment IT Associate, Critical Infrastructure & Operations Duke Energy - Raleigh, NC July 2017 to July 2018 • Coordinated and executed quarterly server patching for more than 500 NERC CIP assets in less than 30 days.  • Ensured support and regulatory compliance for various devices, including desktops, laptops, servers, switches, routers, firewall servers, and printers within the data center and other facilities in the Carolinas East Region.  • Resolved customer incident tickets within three days.   • Improved configuration efficiency of Linux and Windows servers from 20 days to 10 days in 6 months; split team in two. One group dedicated to builds and the other monitoring the ticket queue.  • Planned, organized, and executed network changes with NOC (Network Operations Center). IT Associate, Cyber Security & Compliance Duke Energy - Charlotte, NC June 2016 to July 2017 Analyzed existing systems to highlight USB exception and issue management process deficiencies, providing review  and recommendations to address gaps and minimize the organization's cyber risk.  • Enhanced the NERC CIP privileged access review process, saving five labor hours each quarter.  • Performed quality assurance and user experience testing of compliance automation tool that led to tool adoption. IT Business Analyst TIAA - Charlotte, NC December 2014 to June 2016 • Managed IT project that increased eDelivery compliance, saving more than $125K in annualized expenses.  • Managed resource allocation on projects and coordinated code implementation to keep projects running on-time.  • Led agile requirement gathering and story writing for mobile projects setting timelines and goals for UX and IT.  • Coordinated and created quality assurance and user acceptance testing to ensure full customer satisfaction.  • Maintained project financials, resource allocations, budgets, and team coordination for projects valued at $900K+. Field Technician NCSU OIT CLASSTECH - Raleigh, NC July 2014 to December 2014 Resolved classroom issues in less than 15 minutes, troubleshooting issues with laptops, desktops, projectors,  microphones, and audio-visual systems as needed.  • Coordinated classroom update projects with professors to ensure minimal class disruption.  • Installed and configured audio and visual classroom equipment based on university standards. Education Master's in IT Data & Wireless Systems North Carolina A & T State University August 2017 to December 2018 Bachelor's in Information Technology North Carolina State University at Raleigh August 2010 to December 2014 Skills Cisco, Networking, LAN (1 year), DNS (2 years), Wireless (1 year), Windows Server 2008 (1 year), Vmware, SCOM (1 year), Subnetting (1 year), DHCP (1 year), SQL Certifications/Licenses ITIL Foundation Present Certified Wireless Technician (CWNP) Present