IT Technician <span class="hl">IT</span> Technician INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Parkville, MD IT Specialist, looking for entry level jobs. Full time, part time, and contractual positions. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Technician BITHGROUP Technologies May 2019 to Present • Diagnose, troubleshoot, and repair hardware and software issues on desktop and laptop computers.  • Image deploy new pc’s through reboot settings using administrator passwords to secure information.  • Respond to business repair inquiries by phone and e-mail to generate new repair for pc’s.  • Provide customers with the status of the tickets for newer and older models of the pc’s. IT Technician Symphony Placements March 2019 to May 2019 • Carry out local repairs of faulty equipment and services to the highest standards.  • Perform remote troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions.  • Assist with the maintenance of ballistic range equipment and the instrumentation suite as directed.  • Responsible for providing technical support to technical projects assigned to you.  • Conduct equipment testing and field troubleshooting to mitigate on-site issues. Data Analyst TekSystems, Inc. - Baltimore, MD October 2018 to February 2019 • Enter software data through service now using entitlement procedures for T. Rowe Price.  • Inspect through Software contracts with Excel Spreadsheets For correct data Entry.  • Create outlook emails with work preferences from TekSystems and T. Rowe Price.  • Create custom software product then input the publisher and product into new custom software.  • Create software entitlements then input the Correct Cost, purchase rights, Po Number, Licenses, Version, Edition, and Product Type for the software. IT Specialist JANE ADDAMS RESOURCE CENTER (JARC) TECHNICAL SCHOOL - Baltimore, MD April 2018 to September 2018 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY    • Installed software on to PC server for trainees to perform 3D systems through Gibbs Cam.  • Transmitted Microsoft Office, Excel, Word, Powerpoint, and Outlook on to PC using an 8GB flash drive.  • Created spreadsheets on excel for instructor to manifest progress reports for trainees.  • Printed copies of documented files from phone using Bluetooth on an inkjet printer.  • Communicated to corporate offices in Chicago for instructor to get registration for license software documentation. Event Security S.A.F.E Management - Baltimore, MD June 2016 to April 2018 Event Security  • Observed and reported activities and incidents at an assigned client site.  • Provided for the security and safety of client property and personnel.  • Made periodic patrols to check for irregularities and to inspect protection devices.  • Protected the premises during events by completing activities like looking for signs of crime.  • Identified trespassers, apprehending criminals, and reporting suspicious incidents.  • Watched images registered by surveillance cameras, and performing first aid when necessary. Inventory Specialist Logistic Pro LLC - Essex, MD March 2016 to May 2017 • Received and stored shipping materials in a stockroom  • Delivered stockroom materials to internal and external customers  • Assisted stockroom staff in organizing and stockroom  • Ensured accuracy in physical verification of stocks  • Entered stockroom data ins appropriate databases  • Implemented safety standards in handling customers' stocks  • Guaranteed compliance of stockroom procedures in handling customers' stocks Fulfillment Associate Amazon - Baltimore, MD July 2015 to January 2016 • Performed production duties such as: pick/pack orders, receive/stow products.  • Ensured inventory accuracy while uploading/loading trucks at or above the rate expectation for each task.  • Assisted area manager in daily management of department/FC duties, including allocating labor, leading pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in stockrooms, warehouses, or storage yards.  • Demonstrated positive work attitude, leadership skills, thinks outside of the box, and searched for innovative solutions. Education CompTIA Net+ in Information Technology Baltimore City Community College - Baltimore, MD July 2018 to October 2018 CompTIA A+ in Information Technology NPOWER - Baltimore, MD July 2017 to December 2017 None in Computer Science Community College of Baltimore County - Essex, MD September 2014 to May 2015 High School Diploma Parkville High School - Parkville, MD August 2008 to May 2012 Skills Excel (2 years), Hardware Troubleshooting (1 year), Microsoft Office (4 years), MS OFFICE (4 years), outlook (2 years), Active Directory (1 year), Command Prompt (1 year), Inventory Control (2 years), Inventory (1 year), Active Directory (2 years), IOS (3 years), Networking, MAC, Security, Windows, Technical Support, Windows 7, Javascript, Windows 10, Windows 8 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ November 2017 to November 2020 Network+ September 2018 to September 2021 Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  Computer Repair/ Computer Hardware Troubleshooting Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook)  Network Troubleshooting IP Addressing  Router Configuration OSI Model  Password Reset Command Prompt  Subnetting Actively Directory