Wait Staff and IT Assistant Wait Staff and <span class="hl">IT</span> Assistant Virginia Beach, VA To put my energy, attention to detail and coordination skills in the workplace to  assist in the effective management of project related activities. Work Experience Wait Staff and IT Assistant Captain George's Seafood Restaurant - Virginia Beach, VA May 2016 to February 2019 Greeted guest with a warm smile and managed table assignments for guest.  ? Assisted receptionist and assistants to be more proficient with computers.  ? Assisted and educated managers in the value of securing data and documents. Database Admin / Security Analyst Intern Sentara Healthcare Careers/Apex Systems - Virginia Beach, VA November 2017 to June 2018 - November 2017 - June 2018  ? Assisted the database technical team in conducting analysis and creation of documentation for database related projects.  ? Utilized documented playbooks to install, configure and validate new SQL server  database test environments.  ? Reviewed SQL server statistical daily reports and reported failures to the technical team.  ? Assisted the Governance-Risk-Compliance Manager with the analysis of data and the creation of reports. Educational Instructor StemExcel - Fairfax, VA December 2015 to December 2016 Served as an instructor to expose middle and elementary school students to the core  understanding of computer science and 3D printing.  ? Assisted in the technical design of curriculums for students.    ? Worked individually and in group settings when providing instruction. Administrative Assistant George Mason University - Fairfax, VA September 2015 to May 2016 Managed the receptionist area, welcomed visitors and provided excellent customer  service.  ? Managed daily administrative task in a proficient and timely manner which included  organizing files, creation of spreadsheets, faxing of reports and scanning documents.  ? Proficient in the creation and maintenance of spreadsheets. Developed detailed reports  and lists used by the team.  ? Designed and maintained an electronic file system and manual paper process to efficiently maintain electronic and paper files. Education Associate of Science in Computer Science Tidewater Community College - Virginia Beach, VA March 2017 to June 2018 Information Technology George Mason University - Fairfax, VA September 2015 to March 2017 Volgneau School of Engineering Skills C++, Object oriented, Python, Scripting, Java, Problem solving Additional Information Summary of Skills:  ? Forecast and asses problems quickly  ? Initiate problem solving and distinguish improved avenues of solutions  ? Adapt daily routine to complete multiple assignments and tasks under deadlines  ? Proficient with Python and C++ object oriented programing  ? Knowledge of Java Scripting