Associate IT Analyst Associate <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Associate IT Analyst - LYCOMING ENGINES Williamsport, PA An ambitious and results-driven Associate IT Analyst/Web Developer with experience in providing support for applications servers and operating systems. Achieves results through effective planning, applies an analytical approach to solve problems and delivers concurrent projects effectively in fast paced environments. Communicates concisely at all levels, collaborates effectively in team settings and is highly adaptable in changing environments. Work Experience Associate IT Analyst LYCOMING ENGINES - Williamsport, PA May 2017 to Present • Conducting regular maintenance and upgrades of applications such as Teamcenter and OnBase.  • Recording user data input, sending data to the backend using Kendo UI, and utilizing the .Net Framework and Entity Framework 6 to send data to the database.  • Sending visitor information to the Security Team by e-mail and resolving IT support tickets in a timely manner using our ticketing system iRequest.  • Acting as IT Security Point-of Contact which included responsibilities  ? vulnerability remediation in servers, databases, and applications  ? DR POC  ? Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Walkthroughs    Key Achievements  • Utilized HTML, CSS, and jQuery to re-design and code a Maintenance Request form.  • Developed and maintained the Visitor Request form using HTML, CSS, jQuery, Kendo UI, and the .Net Framework.  • Used HTML, CSS, jQuery, Kendo UI, .Net Framework, Entity Framework 6, and SQL Server 2012 to develop and maintain a Measurements Recording form.  • Migrated an application from one server to another, migrated data from one database type to another and upgraded all the client machines running the application.  • Developed an automated solution for importing data from a CSV file on a Network Drive into a SQL Server 2017 Database using Python and SQL PeopleSoft Security Administrator Intern SAVANNAH RIVER NUCLEAR SOLUTIONS - Aiken, SC May 2016 to May 2017 • Created user accounts for new hires in PeopleSoft and processed terminations.  • Performed daily security maintenance of user profiles by adding roles and permissions as requested and shadowed the Database Administrators during Oracle system upgrades.  • Handled the Oracle SQL utilities documentation created by other staff. Education BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY in INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Augusta University - Augusta, GA May 2017