IT Information Security Analyst Intern <span class="hl">IT</span> Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Intern IT Information Security Analyst Intern - Randolph Brooks FCU Austin, TX University Cyber Security student seeking a challenging position as a Cybersecurity Apprentice in an established environment that can use an accomplished student with outstanding work ethics. A self-starter with strong attention to detail who is able to multitask and meet deadlines efficiently and accurately. Able to learn new processes, programs and procedures quickly to maximize contributions to user, team and business success. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Information Security Analyst Intern Randolph Brooks FCU - San Antonio, TX May 2019 to Present • Research and attend seminars to stay current on IT security trends and news.  • Manually examine quarantined and phishing emails that are sent to employees.  • Monitor computer networks for security issues and investigate security breaches and other security events.  • Assess IBM QRadar log files and reports in order to detect anomalies.  • Distribute RSA SecurID software tokens to employees. Information Technology Intern The Alamo Trust, Inc - San Antonio, TX January 2019 to May 2019 • Provided IT support to technical and non-technical users within the business.  • Optimize and support internal LAN infrastructure which consists of Active Directory.  • Monitor internal networking security including user permissions.  • Configure, install and manage office hardware, software and other devices such as printers, routers, modems, and office telephones as well as communicating issues to technical and non-technical users. Legal Administrative Assistant The Law Office of Tim Torres - San Antonio, TX September 2018 to May 2019 • Assist lawyer with preparation of clients' legal documents, including letters, dispositions, and court filings.  • Manage calendars and schedule trials, conferences, and hearings.  • Accurately produce financial reports, including expense reports and reconciliation of credit card statements. Accountant Assistant Open Cloud Institute - San Antonio, TX January 2016 to May 2017 • Analyzed accounting statistics and created a comprehensive financial report.  • Created weekly and monthly reports in order to represent growth within the organization.  • Maintained confidential information, such as bank account numbers, social security numbers, and other personal information. Education Bachelor of Business Administration in Cyber Security in Cyber Security The University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX August 2019 Skills Active Directory, training, Security, testing, Cisco, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office Additional Information SKILLS  • Base knowledge of network security technology such as Firewalls, NIDS/HIDS and Vulnerability Scanners  • Familiar with PowerShell scripting  • Acquainted with Symantec DLP and Endpoint Protection  • Experience working in Windows/Linux, database as well as virtualized and physical server environments  • Strong organizational skills; meticulous with consistent follow-up with database concepts  • Facilitate, monitor the day-to-day workload of the operating systems  • Critical thinking, adaptability, leadership, creativity and performing all tasks efficiently  • Outstanding and effective communication with both technical and non-technical users  • Possesses critical time management skills, strong interpersonal communication, flexibility & reliability