Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - University of La Verne Carson, CA Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Analyst University of La Verne January 2017 to Present • Revise and create IT Security Policies based on current government regulations and standards such as, but not limited to, PCI, FERPA, HIPAA, GLBA. Ensure PCI and PII compliance.  • Create Data Incident Security & Recovery Plan.  • Manage incident response for various security breaches and concerns within the University; Work with third party audit company to determine any data breaches.  • Introduce various remediation steps such as multi-factor authentication and single sign-on to ensure future safety of sensitive data.  • Review Nessus Scans and Rapid7 Vulnerability assessments.  • Review and remediate any security vulnerabilities within the University network.  • Create IT security awareness program for faculty and staff.  • Launch a phishing campaign as well as multiple live seminars regarding relevant security topics such as: malware, ransomware, password security, tax/wire fraud, phishing and more.  • Configure and deploy school wide identity finder application called Spirion. Application scans and detects any PII information that may be on computers owned by the University and is able to eliminate those files and documents.  • Deploy a school wide multi-factor authentication solution called Duo. Work with Duo to install/configure and implement Duo on ADFS server. Launch a campaign to introduce MFA to university faculty/staff. Provide multi-factor authentication guides and training to university employees.  • Analyze various log files such as firewall, active directory and Office 365 to determine potential data breaches. Data and IT Security Analyst, Security Analyst & Auditing Team Business Data Links March 2015 to August 2016 • Conducted penetration testing; patched client servers against vulnerabilities  • Used Social Engineering tactics to find and exploit weaknesses with client systems; tested client networking security against various Pen Testing tools using Kali Linux: Intrusion Detection, Phishing Attacks, Email Spoofing, Firewall vulnerabilities, Port Security, Server vulnerabilities, SSL vulnerabilities. Used these vulnerabilities to gain access into client systems and documented the process for audit reports  • Successfully implemented security patches on various domain servers  • Created audit reports with detailed explanation on the IT audit and compliance standards  • Documented industry best practices and security standards in reports for clients  • Server Administration; Patched Windows Server against vulnerabilities; Setup Group Policy for client systems; Configured and setup CentOS servers as well as Windows 2008-2012 servers CIS Internship VM Networking December 2014 to March 2015 • Configured ESXI Servers; VM Networking  • Managed and maintained multiple Data Servers  • Redesigned company business cards and marketing materials  • Tier 1 & 2 Tech support for customers - Windows Servers, printers and workstations MyBar Intern Cal Poly Pomona Office September 2012 to June 2013 • Managed the MyBar system, a program designed to manage student's extracurricular activities  • Created workshop presentations and various documents; Created events around campus promoting the MyBar program Engineering Intern AES Redondo Beach August 2010 to August 2011 • Integrated Plant Systems: OSI PI Data Acquisition System; Programmable Logic Controller (PLC)  • Technical Documentation: Revised Engineering Diagrams; Updated Instrumentation and Electrical Documents Education Bachelor in Sciences California State Polytechnic University - Pomona, CA September 2016 Skills LINUX (1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), ADOBE AFTER EFFECTS (Less than 1 year), ADOBE ILLUSTRATOR (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year) Additional Information SKILL HIGHLIGHTS  • Troubleshooting Windows Server 2008-2012, Windows 7,8, 10, Ubuntu Linux, Kali Linux, CentOS, Unix, Metasploit, NMAP, Wireshark  • SQL, HTML, C++, Java, JavaScript, Angularjs, Visual Basic, SSH, ESXI, Remote Desktop, Ticketing Experience (Fresh desk & N-Able)  • Facebook Insights, YouTube Analytics, Twitter Analytics, Amazon Analytics, EBay Analytics, Google Analytics certified, Google AdWords  • Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio  • 7 Years of Graphic Design: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator  • 4 Years of Video Editing: Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Audition