IT Access Mgmt Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Access Mgmt <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Access Mgmt Analyst - Prime Therapeutics Little Canada, MN • To be a valued member of a team of IS professionals in a challenging and rewarding position. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Access Mgmt Analyst Prime Therapeutics - Eagan, MN June 2017 to Present The Access Management Analyst has oversight responsibility for the development and maintenance of role based access controls (RBAC),  enhancing the access review process, responding to audit requests, testing and validation of access controls, design and implementation of new access  controls, developing and maintaining policies, processes and procedures.  This position is responsible for participating in security projects and meetings and acts as a subject matter expert on a variety of security related subjects. IT Security Engineer Optum Technology - Plymouth, MN December 2015 to June 2017 Supporting and maintaining the CyberArk application. Daily task include verifying safe size and primary vault server status. Creating and maintaining documents for all CyberArk processes. Creating new safes and adding or removing accounts from CyberArk safes. Create and maintain Powershell scrips for automation of CyberArk tasks. Complete own role independently with minimal supervision or guidance. Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving incidents with internal customers. Onboarding of new safes for internal customers. Security Engineer St. Jude Medical - Saint Paul, MN July 2015 to December 2015 Supporting on-going project to standardize Active Directory objects across the enterprise. Helping to create standards and procedures on Active Directory life cycle of all objects. Identifying and documenting owners of all Active Directory objects for continuing support and approvals. Information Security Analyst II TCF Bank - Minneapolis, MN December 2010 to July 2015 Directs, maintains, and implements the necessary controls and procedures to protest information systems assets from intentional on inadvertent access modifications, disclosures or destruction. Provides functional knowledge concerning several aspects of security, integrity, and privacy of cooperate data resources made available to our employees, provides, and IT consultants through the computer systems and networks installed. Worked closely with Infrastructure staff and other teams (including Accounting, IT Applications Development, Systems Analysts, etc.) to ensure the day-to-day technical activities required to support the assigned systems are appropriately defined documented, executed, monitored and improved. Responsible for troubleshooting and resolving incidents with internal customers. Support user provisioning for employees and contractors. Assist with user base to troubleshoot, on-board, and assist them to authenticate and authorize to various systems. Evaluate and select technical solutions based on business and technical requirements and standards that adhere to the corporate information security policies. Serve as a resource to other less experienced team members. Complete own role independently with minimal supervision or guidance. Provide information security expertise corporate wide projects. Conducted problem solving with Exchange mail system. Validated configuration standards for Active Directory domain controllers for Information Security. Comfortable with infrastructure of Active Director utilizing standard practices, strategies and protocols. Support issues with user accounts and maintain approved configuration of core AD and Organizational Units. Manage Active Directory objects using Power Shell scripting. Maintains, analyzes, troubleshoots, and resolves ID access control issues on server systems and within a centralized management LDAP\AD directory in a large corporate environment.  C Skills Active Directory (5 years), Exchange (4 years), LDAP (4 years), problem solving (4 years), security (7 years) Additional Information INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  Hardware Experience  • HP and Dell servers and workstations.    Computer Skills -- Highly computer literate, including all major operating systems    • Experience with active directory and GPO.  • Experience with PowerShell scripting.  • 10 years of experience in Identity and access management  • 5 years of experience as a System/ Network Administrator in large network environment  • Strong administration and troubleshooting skills on Linux/UNIX, Windows and LAN  • Well organized with strong problem solving and good communication skills as well as ability to work both in teams and independently  • Installation and administration of Windows Server 2003/2008.  • Knowledge of Exchange 2003/2007 Server Administration.    • Windows Active Directory administration.    • Excellent communications skills; self-motivated and efficient team player.    • Provisions and maintains user account information including rights, security and systems groups.    • Experience with Centralized Directory Management: Active Directory, LDAP.    • Skilled in applying security in a large scale global user community with complex information authorization rules and requirements    • Experience with Centralized Directory Management ID management tools: Active Directory, LDAP, identity manager.    TECHNOLOGY SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS    Other: Customer service.  Software/Programs:  Word, Excel, Backup Exec. Anti-virus and VB/PowerShell scripting. FTP and secure file transfer software for Windows and Linux.    Operating Systems: Windows Server, Windows 2003/2008, Linux and Windows XP.    Extensive experience with Windows operating system on workstations, laptops and servers. Excellent systems, software, and hardware troubleshooting skills. Excellent customer service skills. Experience working at help desk and desktop support of Windows OS and desktop applications. Supports development of security architectures to support a large scale global user community with complex information authorization rules and requirements. Supports the implementation of corporate security strategy for all applications, storage, servers and databases against unauthorized access.