SSO support/ IT Security Analyst SSO support/<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> SSO support/ IT Security Analyst - General Motors Edison, NJ Over 6+ years of IT Experience in CA SiteMinder (CA SSO) with In-depth domain and technical knowledge of Identity and Access Management principles and Hands on Experience on Core Java.  • Working as Security Systems Architect, which includes Analysis, Design and Implementation of Security Solutions across the enterprise.  • Extensive experience in the installation and configuration of CA SiteMinder on Windows as well as on some Unix Servers (e.g CentOS, RedHat Linux)  • Experience in the migration of SiteMinder from R6.0 to R12.0.  • Strong experience in the up-gradation tasks of SiteMinder Policy Server, Policy Store, AdminUI, Web Agents from R12.0 to R12.52.  • Configured Single sign on (SSO) between applications that are integrated and deployed to policy server including different domains as well using Cookie Provider.  • Installed and configured web agents on IIS and Apache web servers and troubleshooting issues associated with these configurations.  • Expertise in enterprise Infrastructure Security, Design & Architecture involving concepts of Access Control Authentication, Authorization and Auditing.  • Experience in configuring Web Agents, Rules, Responses and Policies associated with GROPS and JAAF (Custom Agents) for different application servers (ex: Glassfish)  • Configuring SiteMinder for SAP and Siebel applications using Session Linker.  • Configuring authentication support for X.509 certificates over SSL.  • Experience in providing federation solutions using SAML 2.0, Ping Federate and CA SiteMinder Federation Service.  • Worked on CA Secure Proxy Server, which involved in configuring the Proxy rules and Server configuration depending on the requirement for the applications.  • Worked with CA Support by opening cases to find out the root cause and solutions for SiteMinder related issues, implementation of new features and proper procedures of configuring the Policy Server and policies.  • Supported development team for application related issues by actively working with developers and providing infrastructure help in both production and non-production environments.  • Have good knowledge on object oriented programming (ex: java)  • Have good working experience on scripting languages (ex: Perl)  • Has capability to understand, analyze complex problems and provide resolution for business critical issues.  • To provide timely resolution of all tickets (incidents, changes) within specified SLA, assigned to the team and document repeating tickets as knowledgebase for the team  • Strongly believes in teamwork, works and facilitates towards achievement of project tasks and team goals.    Responsible for the configuration, administration and maintenance of the Policy Servers and Web Agents. Based upon the business requirement we will setup new SiteMinder environments. Additional responsibilities include the upgrade and maintenance activities of the existing environments.    Responsibilities:  • SiteMinder administration for agents, user directories, agent configuration objects, logs and Cache Management.  • Expertise in different ITIL process which include Change Management, Problem Management and Incident Management.  • Configured the Policy Domains, User directories, Rules, Realms and Policies for protected web resources.  • Configured SiteMinder load balancing and failover to meet high availability and performance.  • Involved in upgrading various SiteMinder components like policy store, user-store, key store.  • Involved in the Upgradation of SiteMinder Policy Servers from version 12.0 to version 12.52.  • Implemented SSO solution in multiple OS environments using Cookie Provider.  • Installed and configured the LDAP Sun One Directory server and ADLDS.  • Involved in performing configurations for custom based agents "GROPS" and "JAAF".  • Created various authentication schemes which include IWA, X.509 certificate, HTML forms, Strong Authentication (RSA Token Authentication)  • Excellent trouble shooting skill set includes verifying various web agent and SiteMinder logs and monitoring the health of the environment using One View Monitor.  • Worked on providing resolution to very critical issues in timely manner. Some of the issues averted large business losses. Received client appreciations for working on various critical issues.  • Fine tuning of Web agents and policy servers for optimized performance.  • Was part of the 24/7 On-call team for troubleshooting outages/ issues.  • Communicating with end users, identifying their difficulties and changing the applications as per their Requirements.  • Conducted weekly standup meetings with the team to discuss on the issues as well as updates on ongoing activities.    Environment: Infrastructure Management, incident, and change management. CA SiteMinder (12.x), Microsoft Windows 2008/2012 Servers, IIS (6.x, 7.x, 8.x), Apache (2.x, 2.2.x)    Lumeris, Maryland Heights, MO Mar 2010 - Jan 2012  Role: SiteMinder Administrator    Responsibilities:  • Configured the Policy Domains, User Directories, Rules, Realms and Policies for protected web resources.  • Upgrading the SiteMinder Policy Servers from version 6.0 to version 12.0 and SiteMinder Web Agents from version 6.0 to version 12.x.  • Implemented SSO Solution in multiple OS environments using Cookie Provider.  • Installed and configured the LDAP Sun ONE Directory Server 5.2, ADLDS.  • Installation of SSL certificates on the SiteMinder policy server  • Supported Production Servers for various issues.  • Fine tuning of Web Agents and Policy Servers for optimized performance.  • Working on various consoles of BMC Remedy User tool Incident management, Problem management and Change management to raise/resolve various incidents/problem tickets logged in the queue and to implement the scheduled changes in production environment under Change Management console.  • Developed a tool using window bat file, which will help in automation of installation and configuration of Active Directory Light Directory Service.    Environment: CA SiteMinder (12.x), Web Agents (6.x, 12.x), Microsoft Windows 2008/2012 Servers, IIS (6.x, 7.x, 8.x), Apache (2.0.x, 2.2.x) Work Experience SSO support/ IT Security Analyst General Motors - Edison, NJ February 2014 to Present Responsibilities:  • Responsible for working with application teams in gathering the requirements for new applications setup and then installing and configuring the web agent along with the configuration on the SiteMinder Policy Server.  • Experience in Installing and configuring the SiteMinder on Windows and UNIX platforms.  • Integrating new applications with SiteMinder. The activities include:  - Creating Agents, Agent Configuration objects, Authentication schemes.  - Creating Realms, rules, Responses and policies.  - Installing web agents on different platforms.  • Configured Single sign on (SSO) between applications including different domains as well using Cookie Provider.  • Installing and configuring the web agents for IIS and Apache webservers and troubleshooting the issues related to them. The issues include using an invalid ACO name, LLAWP process hung due to improper restart of the web servers etc.  • Installing and configuring ADLDS on Windows server 2008 as a policy store and user store.  • Troubleshooting issues related to SiteMinder.  • Expertise with the migration tools like smobjexport, smobjimport to export and import the Policy Stores.  • Experience in troubleshooting issues by enabling tracing related to the SiteMinder on the WebServer side and analyzing the SiteMinder WebAgent logs and the trace logs.  • Configuring SiteMinder on application servers and for sap and Siebel applications.  • Configuring and installing ADLDS as policy store and user store on Windows Platform.  • Configured Replicated policy servers and LDAP user directories for Load balancing and failover.  • Worked extensively on creating Custom Password policies and Authentication schemes as per the requirement.  • Worked on setting up federation with CA SiteMinder which include installation and configuration of CA web-agent option pack.  • Worked on integrating many third party applications using CA SiteMinder Federation Services.  • Developed automation scripts, which include performing re-registration of web agents on apache web servers using Perl and a java program to find authentication reject events for a given user from smaccess logs.  • Created a Perl script which performs web-agent installation based on webserver type using web-agent properties file and installer.    Environment: CA SiteMinder (12.x), ADLDS, Microsoft Windows 2008/2012 Servers, IIS (6.x, 7.x, 8.x), Apache (2.2.x, 2.4.x) LDAP/SiteMinder Administrator Exelon - Baltimore, MD January 2012 to February 2014 Additional Information Technical Skills    Operating System Windows2008/2003/2000/XP, Windows 98, UNIX, CentOS, RedHat Linux, DOS.  IAM Tools CA SiteMinder r12.5.  IAM Concepts  SSO, Federation, LDAP, SiteMinder Policy ServerR12.5/R12/ 6.x/5.x/4.x, Web Agents 4.x type agents, 5QMR6, 5QMR7, 5QMR8, 6QMR4, 6QMR5, R12 agents, SAP Agents 5.6/12 and Session Linker r12.    Web server IIS (6.x, 7.x, 8.x), Apache (2.2.x, 2.4.x), Tomcat (6.x, 7.x)  Languages C, C++, Java, Perl  Web Development HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets.  Database MS SQL Server2000/2005/2008/R2, PL/SQL, SQL, Oracle 8i/9i/10g.  Directory Server ODSEE 11, CA directory server12, ADLDS