IT Security / Risk Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> / Risk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security / Risk Analyst - Walmart Houston, TX An experienced and self-motivated IT security professional with an integral knowledge of diversified systems. Proven skills in collaborating with diverse IT professionals to achieve the security goals for information systems in enterprise environments. Experienced in IT Audit and risk evaluation and governance. Possesses seven (7) years of IT experience in Vulnerability Assessment, scanning, Active directory, using tools like Nessus and Nmap, Risk assessment, management and remediation. Experienced in business analysis, documentation and recommending process improvement. Work Experience IT Security / Risk Analyst Walmart August 2018 to Present Duties Include:  • Experienced using SIEM tools (Splunk enterprise security, Event log Analyzer, Risk manager etc.) to monitor, detect and remediated threats using automation remediation.  • Use SIEM software's for investigations, IDS and threat hunting to better secure the organization systems.  • Develop /or update documentation for clients and employee training material.  • Conducting FAIR methodology of quantifiable risk assessments  • Communicate with the business about risk levels to facilitate risk response decisions.  • Knowledge with GRC tools to such as Matric Stream.  • Document risk analysis, in accordance with business analysis.  • Conduct internal Risk Assessments by analyzing Threats Event Frequency, Vulnerability, and Loss Magnitude in determining risk.  • Create and update risk register to track and respond to risk events.  • Conducting Third party risk assessments in deriving Residual risk.  • Creates DPIA, and TVP Questionnaires to derive Inherent and Residual Risk respectively.  • Developed Risk management policies and procedures that aligns with international standards such as NIST, ISO 27005, SOX, COBIT, NYDFS, and HIPAA.  • Developed Risk acceptance, KPIs, risk Exception process that aligns with the business objectives.  • Review MSA and SLA for contract approval. IT Security Specialist II Robert Half Inc - Houston, TX January 2018 to August 2018 Duties Include:  • Conduct vulnerability Assessment and Remediation.  • Identify various security management tools (Vulnerability management, Nessus, Wireshark and Splunk).  • Conduct network vulnerability assessments and penetration testing methods.  • Identify security flaws in computing platforms and applications, develop strategies and techniques to mitigate identified cybersecurity risks.  • Analyze and prepare reports on various vulnerabilities identified and to be remediated according to their risk level or criticality.  • Performed TPV risk assessments by developing DPIA, TPV questions, identifying inherent and residual risk.  • Developed tracking log for tracking third party vendors.  • Analyze and developed SLA in accordance to the business objectives.  • Performed quantitative and qualitative risk assessments to identify, respond, control, and report and risk event in a risk register. Cyber Security Analyst Union Bank of Africa (UBA) Bamenda June 2012 to July 2017 Duties Included:  • Conducted meetings with the IT team to gather documentations, and  • Evidence (Kick-off meeting) about their control environment.  • Expertise in National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication (NIST SP) documentation: Performed assessments, POAM Remediation, and document creation using NIST SP.  • Performed Security Categorization (FIPS 199), Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and E-Authentication with business owners and selected stakeholders.  • Hold kick-off meeting with CISO and systems stakeholders prior to assessment engagement.  • FISMA Reports, Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in accordance with  • Conduct the ST&E Kick-off Meeting and populate the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) according to NIST SP 800-53A.  • Experience with NIST standard on cyber security and incident handling (800-63, 800-61)  • Security Test and Evaluation (ST&E): Performed Security Test and  • Evaluation assessment on several different environments using both  • Scanning tools and manual assessment. Environments tested include  • Windows server, Windows XP, Red Hat, Oracle, Cisco IOS, custom  • Security Documentation: Performed updates to System Security Plans  • (SSP), Risk Assessments, and drafting Plan of Action and Milestones, (POAMs). Education Master's in Cybersecurity Grand Canyon University - Phoenix, AZ November 2018 to Present Bachelor's in Electrical and Electronics Engineering UNiversity of Buea - Buea, Cameroon October 2010 to July 2013 Skills security, HTML, Active Directory, access, testing