IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Baltimore, MD • Risk Management Framework (RMF)  • Assessment and Authorization (A&A)  • FIPS 199, FIPS 200  • Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M)   • NIST SP 37 r1, and NIST 53A  • NIST SP 800-53 r4, NIST SP 800-30, NIST SP 800-37  • E-Authentication,   • Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Risk Assessment (RA),   • SSP, SAR, RTM, SAP   • Nessus Vulnerability Scanning   • XACTA  • MS Office, SharePoint, Access Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst Resolution IT Consulting Group - Baltimore County, MD January 2019 to Present •  Assisted in conducting cloud system assessments.  • Helped in updating IT security policies, procedures, standards and guidelines according  to department and federal requirements.  •  Worked with client in safeguarding CUIs by performing the necessary assessments which primarily deals with 14 control families.  • Perform risk assessments, update and review System Security Plans (SSP) using NIST 800-18 (Guide for Developing Security Plans for federal information systems) Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&M), Security Control Assessments, Configuration.  • Perform vulnerabilities scan and continuous monitoring using NIST 800-137 as a guide with the aid of Nessus. IT Security Analyst QI Tech - Arlington, VA June 2014 to December 2018 • Analyze and update System Security Plan (SSP), Risk Assessment (RA), and the Plan of Actions and Milestones (POA&M).  • Designate systems and categorization of C.I.A using FIPS 199 and NIST SP 800-60.  • Conduct interviews with selected personnel, document and evaluate business processes, and execute audit test programs to determine the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and compliance with regulations.  • Evaluate the effectiveness of internal control systems and identify areas of improvement.  • Document findings within Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTMs) and Security Assessment Reports (SARs).  • Review and analyze Nessus Vulnerability and Compliance scans, Web Inspect scans, Burp Suite and Db Protect scans for possible remediation.  • Assess systems of varying scope and complexity and comprised of various technologies.   • Provide weekly status reports on ongoing tasks and deliverables. Helpdesk/ Junior Information Securtity Analyst SMS Products Inc. - Washington, DC April 2012 to May 2014 • Conduct security vulnerability assessments of cleared industrial facilities performing on non-classified contracts for the U.S.   • Provides security oversight and assistance to assigned contractor facilities for information systems (IS) processing classified information.  • Responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting the electronic security systems (ESS)  • Other assigned duties.   • Monitored multiple accounts across agencies and use open sources tools to determine potential threats for the network.   • Provide support to agency users. Use remedy to monitor and update incoming/assign tickets.   • Responsible for working in a 24x7 Security Operation Center (SOC) environment.  • Proficient with Nessus scanning tools. Education High school or equivalent Woodrow Wilson High School - Washington, DC August 2006 to June 2010 Skills access, testing, Sharepoint, Microsoft Office, security