IT Computer Clerk <span class="hl">IT</span> Computer Clerk IT Computer Clerk Hayward, CA Seeking to utilize my unique and varied experiences coupled with extensive computer and customer  service technical skills, to provide measurable impacts and successes to a company and its mission. Work Experience IT Computer Clerk US Air Force - Albuquerque, NM June 2014 to October 2014 Resolve computer related issues, manage inventory of over 300 desktop hardware systems, trouble shoot  connectivity and software anomalies. Just finished redesign and re-wiring for Kirtland AFB Installation  Deployment Control Facility. Support all divisions and work centers in the Logistics Readiness  Squadron with all manner computer assistance. Completes assigned tasks and maintain Computer  Security and proper operational functioning throughout the 300 plus organizations. Security Officer Guardsmark, LLC - Albuquerque, NM June 2010 to March 2011 Managed controller desk for Guardsmark LLC, monitored call center establishing a viable Line of Communication (LOC) with patrols and teams. Task entailed passing instructions up and down via IT  communication nodes with staff and employees at different locations. Communicate with business  personnel to ensure professional working atmosphere. Insure proper Security provisions are maintained for each different client. Computer Analyst - Office Worker RM Personnel, Inc - Las Cruces, NM July 2009 to April 2010 Tyrone Property Owner's Association, Tyrone, NM  Conducted a special project to rearrange existing Excel data record sets of all residence to a new format  more user friendly, with researchable specified fields. Impacted and enhanced the use of proper  submission procedures for City Management and assisted all Board Members with computer hardware or software operational issues. Education Computer Information Technology Santa Fe Community College - Santa Fe, NM 2013 to 2014 Portland Community College - Portland, OR 2003 Micro Computer Management Spec Community College - Albuquerque, NM January 1992 to July 1997 National Business Academy - Albuquerque, NM 1991 Business Administration NM Community College - Taos, NM 1981 to 1984 Skills QUICK BOOKS, EXCEL (Less than 1 year), OUTLOOK, WORD, FRONT PAGE Additional Information SKILLS  Communications: Solid and professional written and oral communication skills. I'm an experienced  Instructor in many different areas; the most recent is various areas of information  technologies for both computer software and hardware applications. Feedback  from others highlights my instructional abilities as conscientious, patient,  altruistic, empathetic and detail oriented.  Personable: Team focused and ready to help and assist, takes a real ownership of assigned or  discovered issues. Quickly assesses and take steps needed to mitigate.  Experienced veteran who values directed guidance and team work settings, but  can and will show that I am a diverse, self-motivated and emotionally intelligent  team member.  Computer/Software: Fully experienced in all Microsoft products to include Word, Excel, Power Point,  Access, Front Page, Outlook, Win Way Resume, Typing Tutor, Corel Word  Perfect, Choices, and Intuit Quick Books.  Hardware/Network: Understanding of system architecture, by both design and hardware replacement.  Monitors and maintains secure fully functional workstations and Local Area  Network systems. Fully, capable of quickly mastering any computer related  assignments or requirements.  Possess: Determination, confidence, energy, pep and proven experience built for success. A  solid foundation, combined compassion, truthfulness and drive.