Program Analyst Program <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Program Analyst - CLEAResult Reading, PA Work Experience Program Analyst CLEAResult July 2018 to Present Run Formulas in Excel to manipulate Data  ? Concatenate numerous data fields in Excel  ? Discovered ways to improve data processing  ? Taught coworkers how to use improved steps for data processing  ? Created Procedures for completing projects  ? Communicate with upper management about findings Network Security Technician American Heritage Federal Credit Union April 2018 to July 2018 Used Excel to manipulate data in pivot tables  ? Used various statements within Excel to conduct column counts  ? Wrote SQL Queries in Access to create databases  ? Created numerous fields and records in Access with SQL to track company data  ? Used SQL queries to find specific data within large datasets that allowed the company to better communicate issues and thoughts IT Auditor Financial Outsourcing Solutions February 2017 to December 2017 Used Excel to manipulate data to better conduct audits  ? View material in Excel  ? Involved with several audits for different banks and financial institutions  ? Audited several aspects of the banks and financial institutions environment  * Controls around Change Management  • Ensured new hires, terminations, and job transfers were completed fully and appropriately  • Ensured change control tickets were completed timely and efficiently  * End User Environment  • Reviewed screensaver settings for PCs to ensure appropriateness  • For antivirus scans and patches, reviewed reports to ensure they were completed appropriately  * Network Operations  • Reviewed password settings to ensure they were up to standards  • Checked list of network users with current employees to ensure all users were actually currently employed with the bank.  * Backup and Disaster Recovery  • Reviewed disaster recovery plans to ensure that the bank was properly covered in case of a disaster  • Reviewed backup logs for accuracy and completeness  * Made recommendations to the bank for the controls listed above as well as Logical Controls and Physical Security if there were issues discovered during the audit Security Analyst I Thomas Jefferson University Hospital September 2016 to February 2017 Added accounts and access using Microsoft AD  ? Created accounts and campus keys for incoming employees, nurses, etc.  ? Responsible for adding Accounts for incoming Nurses, Doctors, Employees, etc  ? Used different company software/programs to manage accounts  ? Involved with upcoming Audits  ? Worked with Excel spreadsheets IT Security Analyst Brookdale Senior Living April 2014 to August 2016 Implemented DDPE (Dell Data Protection Encryption)  ? Created accounts in Liebsoft Password Manager  ? Led the SOX Audit for 2015  ? Created policies on how to complete the security procedures needed  ? Use Active Directory  ? Worked in McAfee SIEM  ? Used tools to run forensic investigations on infected machines  ? Work in McAfee ePO 5.1  * Used SIEM  * Work with HIPs, VirusScan, Endpoint Encryption  ? Updated end user's computer to current versions of McAfee's ePO Agent, HIPS, and VirusScan Engine  ? Lead the project on installing Endpoint Encryption on user's computers  ? Ran manual tests on McAfee's security programs  ? Deployed agents and other McAfee tasks Data Technician Heinz North America December 2013 to April 2014 Support Analyst University of Pittsburgh Center for Craniofacial and Dental Genetics May 2013 to August 2013 Built Excel spreadsheets and pivot tables Junior Database Manager University of Pittsburgh Center for Craniofacial and Dental Genetics October 2012 to May 2013 Transported Excel data into Access in order to update records  ? Used SQL to write queries to insert new data into fields, as well as delete data. Education Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems Management in Information Systems Management Duquesne University - Pittsburgh, PA May 2012 Skills Excel (6 years), pivot tables (1 year), Data Entry, Microsoft Office, database, PowerPoint, SQL (4 years) Additional Information SKILLS  • SQL  • Access  • Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint  • Excel Functions and Pivot Tables  • Able to communicate technical terms to non-technical individuals effectively  • Can communicate with upper management