IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Columbus, OH IT Security architect with over eight years of experience managing large scale Windows and Linux environments.Experience managing and troubleshooting segmented networks along with implementing industry standards for security in the PCI, HIPAA and HITRUST domains on both the engineering and documentation side. Programming experience for managing large systems to maintain system up time and compliance settings. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Blue Orange Compliance February 2018 to Present Perform security and compliance risk analysis for healthcare organizations.  ? Manage remediation of compliance findings.  ? Preform onsite and virtual audits.  ? Preform internal and external vulnerabilities scans  ? Preform  ? Help manage documentation of systems and procedures to meet HITRUST and HIPAA  standards.  ? Advise clients on best practices for security implementations and configurations. IT Infrastructure Architect Speedway - Enon, OH January 2013 to February 2018 Responsible for developing all hardware and software for in-store IT devices (registers, pumps,  servers).  ? Helped developed IT practices to make the company scalable when we doubled our size over the last two years  ? In charge of all findings in internal and external security audits.  ? Background in security patching using scripting(Powershell, wise and C#) to address issues across multiple systems.  ? Produces scripts in PowerShell, DOS, Bash and WISE. Some experience in C# and Java  ? Application testing of in house and third party software and hardware. Focusing on ways to deploy  with the least amount of downtime.  ? Monitors and fixes findings in SNARE, ALE and EPILOG.  ? Responsible for packaging, installs and verification files of in house and third party software. Mostly  using WISE, sometimes creating msi.  ? Oversees new software and new hardware for all stores as company expands.  ? Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.  ? Generated documentation for start-up, shutdown and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.   ? Independently designed and executed infrastructure support and development.  ? Provided recommendations for architectural improvements, design solutions, and integration solutions. Server Admin Zip-In January 2011 to January 2013 Managed all hardware and software upgrades and expansion.  ? Oversaw all IT server functions of the three locations.  ? Managed Point of sale terminals.  ? Managed internal camera monitoring systems. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Wright State University - Dayton, OH Present Skills SECURITY (7 years), C# (4 years), C++ (2 years), JAVA (4 years), SPLUNK (1 year) Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS    Programing languages  C#, Java, some C++    Security Software  SNARE, ALE, Splunk, Epilog, Kali Linux, Retina Vulnerability Scanning    Network Tools  Solarwinds Network Performance Monitor, Wireshark