IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst - Inter-Con Security Systems Inc Washington, DC To obtain a position in Information Security in a growth-oriented organization with a focus on Risk Management Framework (RMF), risk assessment, A&A, FISMA, and SP 800-53 control assessments. Work Experience IT Security Analyst Inter-Con Security Systems Inc - Washington, DC 2016 to Present • Conducts FIPS-199 categorization using SP 800-60 and control selections utilizing NIST SP 800-53 for the client, develops test plans; and testing procedures.  • Documenting, testing, and reviewing Access Control implemented by system administrators through interviews, screenshots, etc.  • Contributes to providing Awareness and Training (AT) to ensure clients are equipped to maintain adequate security.  • Supervises and monitors the FISMA testing of the client's systems.  • Prepares and reviews security documentations including System Security Plans (SSP), Security Assessment Reports (SAR), Contingency Plan (CP), Privacy Impact Analysis (PIA), and other artifact required for system's security.  • Supports the remediation actions to correct assessment findings and develops supporting Plan Of Action and Milestone (POA&M) reports.  • Organizes authorization package for ATO of the client's systems.  • Utilizing vulnerability scanning to detect and prioritize potential weaknesses allowing client to implement corrective actions.  • Supports the penetration testing group with information gathering (reconnaissance) and scanning using Nessus and Nmap tools. Pathways Internship Program ( IT Support Specialist) US Department of State - Systems Oversight Division - Washington, DC 2011 to 2016 • Installed and configured Active Directory, Group Policy, Windows Deployment Services, creating Boot and Capture Images, using the Server Manager in Windows Server 2012 R2.  • Analyzed and applied account lockout policies.  • Hardened Windows Operating Systems using methods such as applying security and OS updates, configuration baselines, updating service packs, uninstalling unnecessary programs for users.  • Installed and Configured Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7.  • Processed data reports using Business Objects. (Personnel HR Actions, Separations, New Hires, etc.)  • Created Civil Service, Overseas, Foreign Service, and Temporary Foreign Service Assignment Job Codes in the GEMS Application (Human Resources system for managing personnel and payroll activities).  • Created Bi-weekly Disaster Recovery CDs containing Staffing Patterns for end users in the Department  • Received and documented all end user desktop requests via the Remedy ticketing tracking system  • Assisted end users with testing, documenting and reporting for system changes. Education Bachelor of Science in Computer Technology in Network and Systems Administration Bowie State University - Bowie, MD 2012 to 2015 Skills C# (Less than 1 year), C (Less than 1 year), Css (Less than 1 year), Html (Less than 1 year), Java (Less than 1 year)