IT Manager <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager IT Manager - CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION Richmond, VA Established Information Technology Manager with experience applying people, process, analytics, and technology to drive significant improvements across IT Operations at a Fortune 200 company. Significant experience in applying data analytics to drive process improvements for production stability and operational efficiencies. A talented leader who understands the importance of creating high performing teams and uses management experience to develop others to achieve exceptional results. Work Experience IT Manager CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2011 to Present Led a cross-functional team managing and supporting key enterprise-wide ITIL processes, including Change, Incident, Problem, and Request Management. Accountable for all data analytics related to ITIL processes. Strengthened controls and increased efficiency in the enterprise by delivering process improvements and large scale initiatives.  • Product Owner for a small, agile, technical delivery team. The team does SQL, SAS, Tableau, and HP Process Designer workflow development.  • Developer for HP Process Designer workflows in support of the Change Management process.  • Developed and executed strategies that supported strategic acquisitions representing seven geographically dispersed sites and approximately 3,000 workers for Change and Request Management.  • Developed and implemented an automated, statistical risk scoring system for the change management program utilizing a combination of SQL and SAS coding, machine learning, and Control-M schedules to automatically score changes as they enter the system. This risk scoring system will improve the detection of changes likely to cause a high severity incident by 200%.  • Enabled new Change Advisory Board (CAB) process by developing advanced dashboards to identify and provide necessary detail to changes requiring CAB review. Change-caused incidents have been decreasing since the implementation of this process.  • Managed comprehensive change management compliance process to support internal audit and O.C.C. (Office of the Comptroller of Currency) regulations.  • Developed an enterprise-level ITIL reporting suite utilizing Teradata SQL and Tableau. The reporting suite utilizes advanced filtering to provide visibility and drive strategic decisions at any level from enterprise to individual reporting team.  • Improved end user experience and efficiency as well as strengthened controls by assessing, questioning, and modifying level of oversight on certain required activities of the change management process.  • Led change and request management daily operations. Senior Information Security Administrator CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION 2008 to 2011 Lead for centralized access management team to ensure appropriate access to all workers for a ~50,000 person organization. Ensured all processes were in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) controls and maintained passing SOX tests for duration.  • Cross functional management of an Access Recertification process and second level support team.  • Provided subject matter expertise and support during the implementation of a new access certification tool, including communications development and strategy, process development, documentation redesign, and end user training.  • Improved efficiency, end-user experience, and control strength through various process improvements.  • Supported integration activities for Chevy Chase conversion by collaborating with multiple support channels, developing minute-by-minute procedures, and making adjustments as anomalies surfaced.  • Increased throughput of access removals due to access certifications while maintaining current staffing levels and timeframes. IT Analyst COLLABERA 2006 to 2008 Team lead on Capital One account providing well-managed Access and Identity Management operations.  • Provisioned/de-provisioned user accounts via requests received through Capital One's access provisioning system.  • Developed tracking method to determine status of quarterly access recertification cycles, resulting in the first documented completion of these cycles.  • Reduced the cycle time of the quarterly access certification process by 50%. Education B.S. in Materials Science & Engineering Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University Skills Microsoft Office (10+ years), SQL (5 years), Tableau (2 years), SAS (1 year), People Management (7 years), Process Management (5 years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/pub/keith-lyon/99/534/25a Additional Information Core Competencies  Data Analysis? SQL Development? Tableau Development? Business Process Management ? Risk Management ? SOX/ IT Controls Compliance ? Waterfall & Agile Project Management ? ITIL v3 ? Audit & Assurance ? IT Operations Management ? Business Analysis ? SAS ?Predictive Analysis? Business Intelligence