IT Security Engineer <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer IT Security Engineer - Excelsior College Schenectady, NY Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Engineer Excelsior College - Albany, NY September 2015 to Present Responsible for coordinating the design and implementation of security solutions for the information technology infrastructure at Excelsior College. Duties include but are not limited to: Ensuring solutions are implemented to meet user needs while protecting college assets. Accountable for implementing security policies, standards, and guidelines following best practices and security frameworks. Maintaining and disseminating security architecture plans. Coordinating penetration tests and audit finding remediation. Budget, contract and project management. Updating, maintaining, and running reports on firewalls and various security systems. Participating in research and information sharing groups. Developing, implementing and managing data loss prevention measures, networking baselines, access controls, segmentation, vulnerability scanning, incident response plans, forensic and malware analysis, data classification, and creating custom applications to assist in reporting and automation. Senior IT Security Engineering Systems Analyst Excelsior College - Albany, NY April 2015 to September 2015 Albany Medical Center Albany, NY  April 2015 - September 2015  Explored and evaluated new products for implementation, involved in Requests for Proposals, coordinated with Project Managers and their teams for the review of and implementation of new products. Audited various IT and clinical systems, developed incident response plans and monitored security events. Provided security awareness training to new employees. Monitored and correlated events in the organization's SIEM then responded and escalated as needed. Handled litigation and preservation requests for data holds. Coordinated and reviewed sensitive data transfer requests. Developed vulnerability reports and remediation plans. IT Planning and Assurance Systems Analyst Excelsior College - Albany, NY April 2014 to April 2015 Performed risk assessments, worked closely with managers and ISSO to support objectives such as strategic and policy planning. Developed and implemented company policies regarding Information Security. Supported testing for disaster recovery, gathered and provided analytics and validation. Managed various projects. Developed, implemented, and presented security awareness training. Senior IT Security Applications Specialist Excelsior College - Albany, NY January 2011 to April 2014 Previsioned and de-previsioning of accounts, managed Active Directory, GPOs, clinical and IT systems. Initiated the documentation and maintenance of security configurations for a multitude of systems. Developed various applications and programs to automate tasks and support workflows and reporting. Performed many scripting, auditing, workflow analysis and policy revision tasks. When necessary, escalated matters to vendors for resolution of issues that arose. Orchestrated the testing and planning for application deployment for new and existing software. Controlled network scans using Nessus to find vulnerabilities within the various systems. Ensured timely patching of critical vulnerabilities. Generated and analyzed reports involving system access and utilization. IT Security Applications Specialist Excelsior College - Albany, NY January 2010 to January 2011 Assisted in auditing, provisioning and de-provisioning accounts within Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange and many different health care systems. Partnered with vendors in the setup and configuration of new and existing enterprise applications. Redesigned many of the department's standard operating procedures (SOP) to maximize efficiency. Education B.S. in Science Empire State College - Albany, NY May 2015 A.A.S. in Computer Networking and Systems Schenectady County Community College - Schenectady, NY May 2007 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA A+ September 2009 to Present CompTIA Security+ December 2010 to Present Certified Chief Information Security Officer March 2016 to March 2019