IT Security Specialist <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Specialist IT Security Specialist - Hermes Of Paris New York, NY A solution-focused, resourceful and highly motivated System Security IT professional offering over 9 years of extensive experience, fulfilling in a variety of IT roles and delivering high-impact results through the effective combination of technical expertise, acute attention to details and interpersonal communication techniques. History of serving at the helm of major projects within global IT infrastructures. Seeking next-level advancement as an IT security professional within an organization to leverage comprehensive skill-set and proven aptitude. Committed to bringing added values to enhance short and long-term objectives also able to grasp and adapt to new environment, procedures and technologies quickly. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Specialist Hermes Of Paris August 2017 to Present Security support specialist for PCI-DSS compliance involving documentation of evidence, collaborating with external QSA to remediate gaps, validating process controls, SAQ submission and continuous quarterly external vulnerability  scanning.  • Created security awareness and training program in collaboration with HR Learning and Development  Department. Also partnered with the Loss & Prevention Department for promoting a security culture at corporate and for the stores.  • Created the monthly security patch program and deployment process leveraging Microsoft SCCM and Tanium.  • Implemented IBM QRadar SIEM solution for analyzing situational awareness of the enterprise.  • Responsible for coordinating IT security related activities and on-going development of Information Security  policies, standards, procedures and guidance.  • Security liaison for US in supporting Paris organization's global security initiatives on the Netskope and Tanium  projects.  • Security lead for implementation and audit reporting leveraging Varonis Data Advantage privilege access  management, Data Privilege for self-service data owner folder access provisioning and Data Alert for near real- time folder access violation alerting.  • Daily analysis of network events leveraging QRadar.  • Review Varonis weekly user folder access and schedule quarterly effective permissions review with department data owners.  Schedule internal vulnerability scanning and remediation of critical assets.  • Coordinate monthly deployment of critical security patching of servers.  • Manage Symantec's endpoint protection process and coordinate remediation efforts with Helpdesk.  • Creation and renewal of server digital certificates.  • Daily updating of security dashboard.  • Manage workload of junior level security consultant.  • Manage email and web filters for Cisco IronPort ESA and WSA appliances. IT DESKTOP SUPPORT ANALYST Fox News Chanel - New York, NY August 2012 to August 2018 ·        Perform administrative tasks creating, customizing and removing user permissions in Active Directory, MS Exchange, Blackberry Enterprise Servers, INews and Digital Ardome Systems  ·        Provide security events analysis and support to include identifying potential threat, anomalies, and infections, documenting findings, providing recommendations about incident.  ·        Support third party broadcast and operation applications such as ENCO, Thomson Financial, Accellion, WebEx and iEncode, iPump.  • Monitors and analyzes Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) to identify security issues for remediation.  • Generates end-of-shift reports for documentation and knowledge transfer to subsequent analysts on duty.  ·        Perform advanced technical analyses, such as analysis of malicious code, network traffic, web log data, cyber intelligence, hard drives, and other storage and forensics media, to control exploitative activity.  • Create procedures and customized configurations appropriate for the desired performance and accuracy of SIEM services, conduct ad-hoc and scheduled vulnerability scans, Assist in automating routine security tasks  ·        System Administrator for JAMF Server: Create, update, maintain records of our field and producer inventory  ·        Lead Tech for Shows “on the road” including Primaries, Presidential Debates, Presidential Elections, American Idol, 9/11 Memorial, NYC New Year’s Eve. This includes the configuration and supporting of VPN networks, VOIP phones, Site setup, Troubleshooting and breakdown of entire IT infrastructure. IT SYSTEM SECURITY/PROJECT MANAGER - NETWORK TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ENEL DISTRIBUTION - SANTIAGO, CL May 2017 to August 2017 • Lead Client communication during lifecycle of project and communicate with various internal & external departments to ensure timely delivery of client requests and projects – this includes hardware, software, network and content delivery.  • Produce reports and briefs to provide an accurate depiction of the current threat landscape and associated risk. Accomplish this using customer, community, and open source reporting.  • Maintains records of security monitoring and incident response activities, utilizing case management and ticketing technologies.  • Successfully handled computer networking, software updates, router/Wi-Fi installation, virus/spyware/adware removal and system troubleshooting for various technical issues; generates effective solutions to meet clients’ needs.  • Coordination and attendance of project meetings, including production of meeting agendas & minutes, weekly Formal Project Updates for Management team and Clients and preparation of Project Documentation - Project Scopes, Schedule & Budget documents.  • Continuous assessments and improvement of technology, policy, procedures, and standards.  • Coordinates response, triage, and escalation activities for security events affecting the company’s information assets and activities with the incident response team as part of the security incident response lifecycle.  • Maintain awareness of trends in security regulatory, technology, and operational requirements.  • Performs analysis of all threat/vulnerability sources assessing any impacts to the company infrastructure and systems and provide an assessment, recommendations, and potential actions correlative to the security threat posture and matures the current vulnerability and scanning/assessment capabilities.  • Daily monitoring of event collection, security intelligence and emerging threat information sources including SIEM, vendors, researchers, websites, newsfeeds and other sources.  • Develop and provide guidance regarding cybersecurity policies, procedures and best practices for software development life cycle (SDLC), DevOps, networking, and server management  • Recognizes potential, successful and unsuccessful intrusion attempts and compromises through reviews and analyses of relevant event detail and summary information. IT SUPPORT/ SYSTEM SECURITY ANALYST FOX NEWS CHANNEL - New York, NY August 2012 to August 2017 • Perform administrative tasks creating, customizing and removing user permissions in Active Directory, MS Exchange, Blackberry Enterprise Servers, INews and Digital Ardome Systems  • Answer Helpdesk calls to troubleshoot Network, Hardware, Software and user account related issues for over 2,500 users worldwide  • Support third party broadcast and operation applications such as ENCO, Thomson Financial, Accellion, WebEx and iEncode, iPump  • System Administrator for JAMF Server: Create, update, maintain records of our field and producer inventory  • Lead Tech for Shows "on the road" including Primaries, Presidential Debates, Presidential Elections, American Idol, 9/11 Memorial, NYC New Year's Eve. This includes the configuration and supporting of VPN networks, VOIP phones, Site setup, Troubleshooting and breakdown of entire IT infrastructure.    WEIGHT WATCHERS, JERICHO, NY AUG 2012 - AUG 2012  HELP DESK ANALYST, MICROSOFT EXCHANGE MIGRATION (PROJECT BASED CONTRACT)  • Onsite and telephone support to the end users having any issues throughout the migration  • Ticket creation from Weight Watchers Service Desk Manager  • Providing first and second help desk level.  • Changing Server on devices such as Android, iPhone and Blackberries TEMPORARY CONTRACT THE NPD GROUP - Port Washington, NY February 2012 to August 2012 • Scheduled & executed full, incremental and daily backups on the central HP 3000 Unix Servers  • Troubleshot hardware related Tape Library issues on LTO4 and LTO3 systems  • Provided monitoring, deployed maintenance packages and the reboot of central UNIX server  • Took incoming calls from worldwide remote locations, documented and provided resolutions for laptops, VPN and handheld communications IT SYSTEM ANALYST SITE LTDA COMPUTER SOLUTIONS - SANTIAGO, CL January 2009 to January 2010 • Provided second level support to internal Helpdesk and Network Infrastructure team to resolve user concerns with everyday system issues and research emerging technologies to decide if installing would increase the organizations efficiency and effectiveness.  • Applied LAN switching concepts, VLANs, RSTP and trunking configuration  • Handled Desktop and Laptop upgrades, migration and system maintenances for Windows XP & Windows 7 operating systems  • Supported day to day operations of the corporate LAN server environment consisting of Windows 2003/2008 in a multi domain atmosphere  • Maintained Active Directory user accounts including account creation, extension and deletions while also ensuring all service calls were taken through Remedy Ticket System  • Oversaw installation and configuration of new systems to customize them for the organization and conduct testing to ensure system work as expected  • Prepare analysis of cost and benefit so that the management can decide if information systems and computing infrastructure upgrades are financially worthwhile Education SCIENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Western Governors University - Salt Lake City, UT 2015 Nassau Community College - Garden City, NY 2010 Skills Cisco (5 years), deployment (3 years), documentation (3 years), IT SUPPORT (10+ years), Security (3 years), Siem, Cyber Security, Information Security Additional Information Core Competencies    • Computer/ Network Security • Complaint Handling • Software Upgrades & Updates  • Project Management • Hardware Configuration • Database Management  • Responsive Customer Service • Network Management • Paperwork/Documentation  • Technical Troubleshooting • Technical/End User Support • Preventive Maintenance  • Virus/Spyware/Adware Removal • Clients Need Assessment • Relationship Management    Technical Tools    • IT Support • Cisco Technology • Windows/Mac • Norton Ghost  • Ticketing Software • Citrix • Acronis True Image • Google App Suite  • VMware • MAC Client Support • MacOS Deployment • Printer Servers  • Hyper-V • VirtualBox • SolarWinds • File Servers    Areas of Highlights  • Multitasking - Able to prioritize while managing multiple tasks and maintaining focus on major objectives to boost productivity.  • Decision Making - Able to quickly analyze situations and weigh out the best possible options before making decisions to achieve profitable results.  • Leadership - Demonstrated success as a leader with excellent initiatives that are inherent in eliciting the best quality of a team with a commitment to highest levels of services.  • Communication: Equipped with interpersonal communication skills and able to smoothly blend and interact with top management and peers.  • Analytical - Expert in analyzing processes to identify deficiencies and creating solutions to achieve profitable results