Supplier Security Lead Analyst Supplier <span class="hl">Security</span> Lead <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Supplier Security Lead Analyst - ALTRIA CLIENT SERVICES Richmond, VA Seeking an Information Security Analyst position in a growth-oriented organization with focus on Risk Assessments, System Security Monitoring and Auditing, Audit engagements, and Testing Information Security Controls. Work Experience Supplier Security Lead Analyst ALTRIA CLIENT SERVICES June 2018 to Present • Performed Third Party Risk Assessment to assess the effectiveness of vendor's controls against ISO 27001, and Meaningful Use requirements through the use of GRC tool.  • Work directly with the business units to facilitate IT risk analysis and risk management processes, identify acceptable levels of risk, and establish roles and responsibilities about information classification and protection.  • Engage is Risk scoring and documenting risk rating of existing and new vendors.  • Review the work of first line Assessors against industry's best security practices and enterprise requirements.  • Write detailed reports on IT security Assessments gaps and review them with Business Information Security officers.  • Review, update and track Remediation activities.  • Conduct Exit Meetings with suppliers to review, address concerns on identified issues and provide risk-based guidance to garner their understanding, support and acceptance of risk involved in doing business. IT Security Analyst Pharmaceutical Product Development February 2016 to June 2018 • Perform Vendor Risk Assessment to assess the effectiveness of vendor's controls against ISO 27001 and HIPAA using GRC tool.  • Work directly with the business units to facilitate IT risk analysis and risk management processes, identify acceptable levels of risk, and establish roles and responsibilities about information classification and protection.  • I review organizational policies, standard, procedures and guidelines in conducting IT control risk assessment.  • Assessing control gaps and assess applications within the pharmaceutical system.  • Develop security assessment reports and track remediation activities.  • Monitor all in-place security solutions for efficient and appropriate operations.  • Conduct risk assessment on new systems for business units within the company • Monitor all in-place security solutions for efficient and appropriate operations.  • Identifying and evaluating the Technical, Managerial and Operational security controls • Conduct security awareness training and expected rules of behaviour for end-users.  • Providing and supporting procedures of security incident response. Information system auditor Virginia Commonwealth University March 2013 to February 2016 • Reviewed and updated Security Test & Evaluation (ST&E) • Participated in the FIPS 199 process using SP 800-60 • Reviewed and updated E-Authentication and Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA) • Reviewed and ensured there was a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) document after a positive PTA was created.  • Ensured the Contingency Plan Test was done annually • Documented and finalized Security Assessment Report (SAR) • Participated in exit conferences to summarize key findings and recommendations.  • Reviewed and updated the System Security Plan (SSP) with NIST 800-53 rev3 rev4 requirements.  • Documented and managed risks in accordance with SP 800-37 to evaluate threats, vulnerabilities, and security controls surrounding the information system as well as the likelihood of an exploit and the impact it will have to the systems. Information Security Risk Analyst Cyberpro Services August 2012 to March 2013 • Performed Third Party Risk Assessment to assess the effectiveness of vendor's controls against ISO 27001, and Meaningful Use requirements through the use of GRC tool.  • Performed security risk assessments with a focus on existing and new systems.  • Completed risk assessments, security requirements analysis, and security testing.  • Created assessment reports and track remediation activities.  • Monitored all in-place security solutions for efficient and appropriate operations.  • Reviewed and Analyzed SSAE16/SOC 2 reports of third parties and Data Center.  • Engaged in Regulatory Security Risk Assessments and audits.  • Engaged in tracking security incidents and conducting risk assessment on service request.  • Assisted with the documentation of policies, standards, and operational processes.  • Keep up-to-date on related regulations and industry best practices. Education Bsc. Virginia commonwealth university 2012 to 2016 BSc. in Computer Science Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology 2004 to 2009 Additional Information Special Skills:  • Vendor Risk/Third Party Risk Management, HIPAA, ISO 27001/27002.  • Review and Analyze SSAE16/SOC 2 type II reports.  • Security categorization and assist in selection of Technical, Operational and Managerial controls using FIPS 199 process and NIST SP 800-60 guidelines.  • Support and guidance through the steps of FISMA SA&A, including monitoring of the SA&A Artifacts Annual Self-Assessment (NIST SP 800-53A guidelines) and Quarterly Self-Assessment completion using NIST SP 800-26 guidelines.  • Review and update Risk Assessment (RA) using NIST SP 800-30 guidelines  • Create POA&M to take corrective actions resulting from vulnerability scanning, compliance check and system test and evaluation (ST&E).  • Participate in weekly POA&M transfer meetings with SO and Technical Leads.  • Review and update Risk Assessment (RA) using NIST SP 800-30 guidelines.  • Review and update System Security Plan(SSP) using NIST SP 800-18 guidelines.  • Review and update Contingency Plan(CP) using NIST SP 800-34 guidelines.  • Review and update MOU (memorandum of understanding) and ISA (Interconnection Security Agreement) document.  • Very effective in team environment and participate in collaborative initiatives which foster the mutual exchange of knowledge and expertise.  • Have the flexibility to multi-task, work independently or share workloads and deal with sudden shifts in project priorities.  • Good communication skills to build and maintain customer satisfaction and express opinions in clear sound manners on Matters associated with IT security.