ATM Monitoring Analyst/ Customer Service Representative ATM Monitoring <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/ Customer Service Representative ATM Monitoring Analyst/ Customer Service Representative - Cardtronics Houston, TX Work Experience ATM Monitoring Analyst/ Customer Service Representative Cardtronics - Houston, TX 2016 to Present • Remotely diagnose/fix ATM machines  • Concurrently utilize several in-house databases on a daily basis with vendor communication via vendor portals  • Notate faults/updates from dispatched technicians, cash replenishment guards and merchant customers  • Monitor ATM and technician activity to determine ATM status; dispatch technicians to ATMs needing repair  • Order software and encryption keys for field technicians IT Security Officer LTD Financial Services - Houston, TX 2013 to 2016 • Instrumental player in the purchase decision of SIEM program, as well as its configuration and use:  ? Added log forwarding to all servers (including the iSeries)  ? Analyzed UDP, TCP, SNMP, FTP and VPN traffic  ? Created reports on VPN traffic, Spyware traffic  ? Overlooked file integrity monitoring system.  • Assisted CSO by co-completing physical and data security audit questionnaires  • Liaised with auditors from several major banks.  • Created, revised and maintained policies and procedures for data and physical security.  ? Provided evidence that policy and procedure were implemented for customer audits  • Audited company's offsite location and several key vendor locations.  • Created and managed logs on physical security checks: monthly logs on secure doors, visitor logs, 3-month camera retention, and USB lockdown.  • Transmitted the company's end of day work account information to banks through SFTP.  • Used Active Directory and IBM iSeries database server; update user names/ passwords and rest passwords on users that were locked out of their account.  • Added MAC addresses to DHCP server's white list before placing new PCs to the floor.  • Used SSH to log into servers for evidence of configuration settings.  • Ghost imaged operating systems and configured them for use.  • Pulled and located cat5 cables and phone lines. Education BBA in Project Management The University of Texas at San Antonio - San Antonio, TX September 2012