Senior Security Analyst/Incident Response VariQ Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/Incident Response VariQ Senior Security Analyst/Incident Response VariQ - The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) Montclair, VA Work Experience Senior Security Analyst/Incident Response VariQ The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) November 2016 to Present On contract at The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). As incident response lead, I work with the SOC analysts to investigate all cyber related events. Provide detailed reports to the CSO on findings. Develop and implement SOPs and lessons learned documentation. Document all incidents. Perform trend analysis. Write weekly and monthly reports. Keep current on new and emerging threats. Implement IOC findings in to monitoring and blocking tools including rules for McAfee NSM, rules and alerts for McAfee SIEM. Perform detailed investigations using FireEye HX and Redline. Monitor and review phishing email. Review security risks for new software requests. Investigate potential privacy incidents; investigate and provide reports on lost and stolen IT assets. Investigate network and Domain AD activity using Stealth Intercept and ForeScout. Monitor and report on Imperve Secure sphere WAF events. Security Analyst CIAN November 2015 to November 2016 On contract at The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). Part of the OCC CIRC team. Monitor McAfee IPS/NSM. Monitor and review phishing email. Review security risks for new software requests. Investigate potential privacy incidents; investigate and provide reports on lost and stolen IT assets. IT Administrator MBP, Inc June 2002 to October 2015 Worked on Windows 7 roll out. Provided Windows 2008 -2012 server and AD administration for 4 offices in the mid-Atlantic. Provide support for VPN access using Cisco AnyConnect. Worked as part of a team for migration from Lotus Notes to Office 365. Office 365 administration with a focus on Exchange. Office 365 SharePoint development. Provided tier two desktop support. LAN/WAN design and implementation. AVAYA phone systems administration. Sole developer of GPS integrated tracking application using Microsoft Map Point APIs, Microsoft SQL server and Microsoft Visual Studio VB.Net The application was used for inspection of VDOT construction permits. Client IT support Tech SHo Me Technologies, Inc March 2001 to December 2001 Providing IT services for several small to mid-sized businesses from Desktop support to email servers and network management. Web hosting and design; Database design and support. Systems Administrator Dominion Dental Services May 1997 to February 2001 IT systems administration, SUN Solaris, Windows NT/Exchange and Informix database administration. Call Center telephony design. Implemented remote VPN for sales team. Managed implementation of an ecommerce Web site roll out. TESST Electronics 1991 to 1993