IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Professional with 10+ years experience Cape Coral, FL IT professional with over 10 years of experience. Currently seeking an employment opportunity in the IT industry. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Security Analyst March 2019 to Present 21st Century Oncology    • Evaluate existing threats and report significant events  • Main contact between users and IT Security team  • Maintain and update IT Security tickets/incidents  • Maintain data and monitor security access  • Anticipate security alerts, incidents and disasters and reduce possibility of re-occurrence  • Prepare reports that document security incidents and the extent of the damage caused by the incidents.  • Train fellow employees in security awareness and procedures  • Help plan and carry out the organization's IT security plan  • Resolving user access issues related to permissions, including connecting remotely to their computer to troubleshoot  • Setting up specific user security permissions in the various applications utilized by RTSI in the course of its business operations  • Developing, documenting and maintaining IT security ops manuals, policies and procedures.  • Any additional tasks required to support IT security control objectives, business objectives, IT projects and others.  • Generate regular and ad hoc reports on network security posture: event aggregation, detection statistics, access violations, remedial actions.  • Assist in IT security governance development and gap analysis.  • Support / coordinate vulnerability management services for the organization.  • Provide backup / support for business continuity service  • Co-ordinate technical resources to support network security incident handling for virus outbreaks, etc  • Properly control the release of proprietary and confidential information  • Enforce corporate policies related to IT security practices and login credentials IT Help Desk Technician November 2016 to February 2019 21st Century Oncology  • Troubleshoot remote user issues connecting via Virtual Private Network.  • May perform voice and data communication network installation and support.  • Calls software and hardware vendors to request service regarding defective products.  • Trains users on software and hardware on site or in classroom, or recommend outside contractor to provide training.  • Conducts office automation feasibility studies, including work flow analysis, space design, and cost comparison analysis.  • Consistently and accurately track, update, and close assigned support requests.  • Able to continually learn new systems.  • Motivated, energetic, positive, adaptable, and innovative.  • Able to work independently with little supervision when required.  • Ability to perform problem diagnosis for end users with varying degrees of technical understanding.  • Strong customer service and interpersonal communications skills.  • Flexibility to perform duties outside of normal job scope.  • Willingness to work the hours required to get the job done.  • Excellent organization and documentation skills.  • Value team work.  • Maintains attendance according to scheduled days and hours and appropriate dress and appearance standards, according to company policy.  • Attends mandatory company training sessions as required by state/federal law where applicable. IT Project Manager US Bank - Pittsburgh, PA July 2010 to July 2016 • Functions as project manager for IT projects  • Oversee the strategic product management for all assigned product lines in support of the organization's goals and market needs.  • Conducts IT project feasibility studies, including workflow analysis, system design, and cost analysis.  • Responsible for IT related tasks for new facility start-up and closure.  • Met all product profit and growth goals.  • Oversee the evaluation of market trends, product development, product position and pricing philosophies.  • Recommends enhancements to product line to stimulate sales and meet objectives.  • Ensures products meet all State and Federal regulatory requirements and coordinate legal review of all supporting collateral materials and documentation.  • Established compatibility with third party software products by developing programs for modification and integration.  • Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.  • Coordinates IT activities to ensure successful on-time deployment.  • Able to continually learn new systems.  • Provided continuous maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications  • Provided documentation of startup, shutdown and first level troubleshooting of all processes to all appropriate departments.  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access  • Managed creative projects from conception to completion while managing external vendors.  • Respond to customer request with a high level of customer service and interpersonal communications skills.  • Document potential needs and concerns and escalate appropriately.  • Attends mandatory company training sessions as required by state/federal law where applicable. IT Help Desk Team Lead US Bank - Pittsburgh, PA August 2008 to July 2010 • Isolated issues and coordinated with the internal telecommunications, system operations, application development and vendors to resolve the immediate issues.  • Followed up with end users to ensure problem resolution.  • Developed and maintained documentation of all daily activities and problem resolution.  • 1st/2nd level problem management for all ATM networks.  • Managed personnel, personnel scheduling, seating assignments and escalation of all critical issues.  • Implemented daily status reports.  • Assigned daily work orders to appropriate staff and/or department. IT Help Desk Analyst US Bank - Pittsburgh, PA August 2007 to August 2008 • Provided quality support to end users by responding to end user inquiries and resolving issues associated with corporate telecommunications networks, computer hardware and core business applications.  • Handled incoming call volume within defined service level agreements.  • Applied hardware/software resources to monitor network status and assist in fault isolation for ATM network related issues.  • Monitored the Tandem platform and Base 24 Applications to detect processing issues.  • Collaborated with clients and external vendors to troubleshoot and/or escalate network related issues. Education Associates of Applied Science in Computer Management ICM School of Business and Medical Careers - Pittsburgh, PA 2006 Skills Dns, Internet information server, Security, Active directory, Cisco, Networking, Tcp/ip, Siem, Citrix, Dhcp, Tcp, Wins, Xenapp, Xendesktop, Tandem, Wireless, Printing, Aci, Problem-solving, Excellent communication skills Additional Information Skills  • Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 2000/XP Professional/Windows7, Microsoft Server 2003, Lotus Notes, Tandem, ACI Base 24 applications, McAfee, Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)  • Strong knowledge of Windows applications (usage, configuration and support).  • Experience with Microsoft Office 2003, 2007, and 2010.  • Experience with Microsoft Active Directory, file/print servers, directory structure, access rights, and network printing.  • Experience with Microsoft Windows XP, 7, 8 and Win 10  • Experience with supporting Citrix XenApp based applications and XenDesktop environments  • Good understanding of TCP/IP networks.  • Networking: Microsoft Windows 2000 / 2003 (Server and Professional), Internet Information Server, TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP, CISCO Routers/Switches, 802.11x Wireless  • Excellent problem-solving abilities  • Excellent communication skills  • Works well in a team environment or independently  • Works well with little to no supervision  • Learns on the job skills quickly