Data Security Analyst, SR Data <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>, SR IT Security Engineer Tampa, FL Analytical and security-minded professional with 10+ years of IT experience including secure enterprise application deployment, software development, process efficiency, and security automation, Quickly adaptable and able to multi-task in a changing technical environment. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to work both independently and in a team environment. Currently seeking a position in security administration or network administration utilizing my training, experience, and education in information technology.    Network and Computer Hardware Skills:  • Highly experienced in Active Directory security administration, including administration of network file permissions, utilization of Windows registry and group policies, installing, upgrading and supporting WAN.LAN applications, and configuring/troubleshooting TCP/IP and DHCP related issues for network clients    • Proven ability to create and maintain network account policies utilizing automated repeatable procedures    • Highly proficient in system utility creation, software automation and implementation in a LAN\WAN environment    • Skilled in deploying Microsoft security patches using SCCM    • Excellent working knowledge of PC and Network hardware repair and troubleshooting    • Working knowledge of VBScript scripting    Operating System and Software Skills:  • Extensive experience in supporting Windows and Microsoft Office in a WAN/LAN environment, including but not limited to the following: image creation of standard desktop operating system    • Demonstrated capacity to implement automated application installations, security patch roll outs, updates, and configuration changes to desktops    • Experience in deploying Microsoft security patches using SCCM    • Hands on working experience creating new user set up and user termination policies and procedures using standard network security practices    • Excellent working knowledge of Windows Operating Systems in a WAN environment    • Hands on working experience in automating installation rollouts, updates, and configuration change management on various software applications Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Data Security Analyst, SR BayCare Health Systems - Tampa Bay, FL May 2018 to Present Manage the development and enhancement of administration methodologies utilizing security best practices, create program and Powershell scripts to automate user provisioning for enterprise applications. ? Implement automation, auditing, large-scale security event management, and enterprise identity management. Allowing the audit of over 4,000 accounts. ? Setup and manage CyberArk EPM system. Allowing for the removal of several hundred accounts from the local administrators group. IT Security Compliance Analyst Catholic Health Initiatives - Louisville, KY May 2015 to October 2017 •Managed, document and automate process to deliver Role Based Access using SQL scripting and Excel automation. This allowed the collection and organization of over 20,000 job roles.  •Support and manage privilege account audits by creating an automated Outlook email and Excel process. This created privileged access accountability for 5,000 accounts.  •Using PowerShell and SQL scripting, removed stale admin accounts and efficiently organized active directory. This effectively removed 500 unused admin accounts.  •Reported on network file share permissions using Data Insight. This report was used to effectively restructure network file shares to use secure group memberships for permission allocation  •Managed process to audit privileged account access using SPLUNK, and CyberArk systems. Security Engineer Catholic Health Initiatives - Louisville, KY March 2014 to May 2015 •Worked with a team to implement Imprivata single sign on deployment across remote hospital locations, by providing security best practices, security strategy, security architecture, and security design work. This included creating a process to use SCCM as an efficient and reliable deployment and reporting tool.  •Created a successful installation process that resolved Windows 7 compatibility issues with the Imprivata single sign on program. This allowed the project to run concurrent with the system wide Windows 7 deployment project. IT Security Analyst I University of Louisville Health Care - Louisville, KY May 2013 to March 2014 •Increased the efficiency of account provisioning by automating and documenting the account setup process using SharePoint. This increased reliability of account setups, and allowed for quick and consistent training of new security staff.  •Monitored web filtering and antivirus systems to detect and isolate potential malware and virus infected hosts; assisted with incident response including investigative follow-up, assigning responsibility for corrective action, and auditing.  •Worked with the security staff to implement and continuously improve the user account sponsorship process that creates secure management of external user account access.  •Added automation and documented the user termination/account audit procedures, which created a consistent and accurate process that could be performed by other security staff.  •Managed team of contractors, who worked to transition the identity management process, over to a corporate partner. Software Support Analyst Invensys Rail - Louisville, KY July 2011 to May 2013 •Monitored and created reports for the company's intrusion detection system. This included monitoring of employee internet usage and for the identification for network hacking attempts, virus and malware attacks. Resolved desktop virus removal based on intrusion detection system reports.  •Created Zero-Touch Windows 7 deployment using Microsoft Deployment Toolkit utilizing MSI and MST files.  •Documented security policies and automated security procedures for identify access management, including new user on-boarding and terminations. This allowed for increased accuracy in account setup and the ability to audit the user account access..  •Created documentation, and procedures for a new IP Cisco Call Manager system. This created quicker training of users and staff on the new system.  •Resolved several software compatibility issues that allowed the completion of the upgrade to Windows 7, on 600 desktops.  •Performed day to day VMware and Windows system administration. This allowed our current administrator, the time to work on other network design projects.  •Created install packages for the entire software inventory. This created quick and consistent installs of complex software packages.  •Created various automated scripted processes that moved excel files received by email, into a UNIX system. This replaced the previous manual order entry system and ran as a scheduled task allowed the process to run at night, so that work orders were ready the next day to be shipped.  •Utilized SCCM reporting tools for software, and hardware inventory.This increased security by accounting for all hardware and software installations that previously had an unknown location.  •Developed a touch-screen based time clock application, running in a Citrix environment that replaced the current unreliable time clock system in the factory's production environment.  • VMware administration, VDI deployment, configuration of VMware ThinApp for application virtualization Software Support Analyst Farm Credit Services - Louisville, KY November 1997 to April 2011 • Administered security of network user accounts in an Active Directory environment  • Created vbscript program to automate the set up for new computers creating a time savings of 1.5 hours per computer set up • Created software installation packages using various types of scripting tools such as, batch files, vbscript, and SCCM installer  • Proactively managed processes for software deployment, system discovery and inventory, patch management, image build and antivirus management using, but not limited to, scripted utilities, SCCM and WSUS  • Administered processes to keep laptop and workstation ghost images current  • Configured, diagnosed, and replaced WAN equipment in 80+ remote branch office locations  • Created, implemented, and managed process to convert desktops from Windows 2000 to Windows XP  • Provided tactical and strategic input on overall network conversion planning  • Assisted with successful company-wide conversion to IP telephony system  • Researched and recommend workstation, laptop, printer and cell phone purchases  • Worked with a cross functional team in completing a successful roll out of Windows 2003 server and Windows XP in a previous Novell environment  • Developed, administered, and managed software utility allowing users to quickly change to any of the 120+ company printers using IP addresses  • Provided 2nd and 3rd level desktop support to 250 local and 600 remote users  • Created documentation outlining the processes for administering user accounts in Blackberry Enterprise Server platform Computer Programmer Winston Manufacturing Co - Louisville, KY December 1995 to November 1997 Managed Novell network environment including server builds, user security administration, and data backup  • Created new applications as well as performed various software modifications for Accounting, Customer Service, Purchasing, and Inventory department software using Business Basic programming language  • Documented procedures for updating and maintaining Open Systems accounting software package  • Configured and maintained network backup system Education Bachelor of Liberal Arts in Computer Information Systems Indiana Wesleyan University Associate in Applied Science in Computer Information Systems Jefferson Community College Skills Powershell (2 years), Active Directory (5 years), System Administration (2 years), SCCM (5 years), Cissp, Information Security, It Security, Cyber Security, Compliance, Excel, VBA, Access Control Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-lacher-397a2730/ Certifications/Licenses CISSP November 2016 to Present Member Number: 485590 Security+ February 2013 to February 2016 A+ Certified Present Network + Present Microsoft Certified Administrator January 2003 Imprivata Certified Engineer June 2014 CEH December 2017 to Present Certified Ethical Hacker - ECC93961224042 CCNA March 2014 to March 2017 Groups ISSA - Kentuckiana Chapter January 2014 to May 2018 VP Membership Services Publications Comparing Information Security to the Martial Arts https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/comparing-information-security-martial-arts-tom-lacher/ 2018-03 Article discussing how the proper attitude can be helpful to success in cyber- security.