Security Analyst/ IT Systems Administrator <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span>/<span class="hl">IT</span> Systems Administrator Arvada, CO I am seeking a new position in the field of technology. I enjoy programming with the idea of automating mundane tasks, and system activities. I am looking to move into a Systems Dev Ops role, which will allow me to use and grow my programming, systems and networking knowledge.  Please visit my BitBucket page: https://bitbucket.org/bryeniscool/resume/src/master/ Work Experience Security Analyst/ IT Systems Administrator Optiv Security - Denver, CO October 2017 to Present Optiv is the authoritative source for information security. We deliver a comprehensive suite of solutions and services for enterprise-class organizations including businesses, governments and educational institutions to successfully  plan, build and operate their security systems and programs.    • In addition to the duties as an IT Systems Administrator, I also perform the following:  • Automate tasks to alleviate the responsibility from technicians; for example: A/V system housekeeping,  Local Administrator Privileges, and Resetting the Active Directory user security token on machines, software  installations/uninstallations.  • Investigate/respond to possible security incidents. This includes analyzing local computer logs, interviewing  end users to confirm an infection entry point, checking latest security releases to confirm malicious software  behavior, and deploy any AV scan or system fix.  • Remediation of any reported zero day threat with our approved software. This process involves building a software package in our endpoint system, and deploying the package to our company environment.  • Research requested software for company-wide approval. IT Systems Administrator Optiv Security - Denver, CO September 2015 to October 2017 Manage our endpoint server which is currently SCCM after transitioning from IBM Endpoint Manager  (BigFix). This includes building all software packages for distribution, managing monthly patching cycles,  and creating analyses for machine reporting.  • Maintain the health of our Endpoint Management System server via VMware VSphere. This includes a new  server build, and a migration of our old server to the new one.  • Co-manage our Group Policy implementation.  • Write scripts in Powershell, Python, BASH, Windows for various purposes (software installation, software  removal, reporting, etc.) IT Technician Optiv Security July 2014 to September 2015 • Support 1400+ employees via phone, e-mail and chat using the Zendesk ticketing system.  • Handle support tickets with varying degrees of difficulty; For example: username changes, password resets,  installing supporting software, setup of company software for end user operation and educate end users on the functions of software  • Create new user accounts, and manage existing accounts in Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange  Management Console.  • Support customers remotely using WebEx Remote Support and Bomgar.  • Create/modify system accounts including ShoreTel, WebEx, Intercall, Free Conference Call, Showpad,  Docusign, Box and Accellion.  • Create standard operating procedures to reduce ticket times and provide counterparts with references for resolution.  • Create batch scripts to automate mundane tasks. This includes Powershell, Python, and BASH.  • Train counterparts and new help desk staff in utilizing Optiv's systems. Site Technician Jeffco Public Schools - Golden, CO August 2013 to July 2014 Jeffco Public Schools has been providing educational excellence for more than 60 years. Approximately 9 percent of all the K-12 students in Colorado attend a Jeffco School.    • Identify, track, and resolve incident tickets within the PeopleSoft Help Desk tracking system.  • Technical support of both Windows 7 and Windows XP, of Dell desktops and laptops, iPads, Acer and Samsung Chromebooks, and of printers including HP Laserjets, and Konica Minolta, Toshiba Bizhubs.  • Work with Altiris Deployment Solution to push out software and image/ reimage machines, and Active  Directory to create OU's and supply users and computers with proper permissions.  • Support users in face to face, telephone, and e-mail environments to ensure fast and accurate resolution to issues.  • Utilize Symantec's PC Anywhere software to control machines and provide remote support.  • Train end users in basic operating system elements and software features. Bobst Die Cutter Caraustar Custom Packaging - Denver, CO August 2005 to May 2012 Caraustar Custom Packaging serves a variety of customer's packaging needs. This includes food paperboard  packages, medical paperboard packages and recreational paperboard packages.    • Prepare and maneuver a machine for operation of different types of products.  • Troubleshoot the machine for pre-existing problems and problems arising with current jobs.  • Assist in troubleshooting coworkers machines if they weren't operating properly.  • Work with other departments to ensure timely production and delivery of products.  • Adapt to challenging situations that arose during my shift (e.g. machine breakdowns, competing priorities,  understaffed shifts, etc.) Education AAS in Computer Information Systems Front Range Community College 2013 Skills API (2 years), BASH (3 years), C (2 years), C+ (2 years), Linux (5 years), Microsoft Office (5 years), Python (3 years), REST (2 years), scripting (Less than 1 year), TCP (Less than 1 year), TCP/IP (Less than 1 year), VMware (2 years) Links https://bitbucket.org/bryeniscool/resume/src/master Certifications/Licenses LPIC-1 February 2016 to February 2021 Linux+ February 2016 to February 2021 Additional Information Skills  Technical Skills  Extensive knowledge of Windows 10, 7, and the Microsoft Office Suite ~ Experience using Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora,  openSUSE) in command line and desktop environments ~ Strong understanding of hardware components and  installations ~ Comprehension of network topologies, hardware and TCP/IP protocol ~ Familiarity with laser and inkjet  printers ~ Experience using VMware and Adobe products ~ Comfortable with programming and scripting languages  including: C++, Powershell, Python, C#, Bash, REST API (with Python and Powershell)    Soft Skills  Ability to rapidly acquire and apply new concepts~ Superior work ethic ~ Ability to work with and within a team ~  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.