Cyber Security Analyst (Remote) Cyber <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> (Remote) Security Analyst Bellingham, WA Work Experience Cyber Security Analyst (Remote) Plexos Group - Baton Rouge, LA October 2018 to April 2019 Leverage security training and expertise to serve as single-source IT Security personnel for entire project encompassing monitoring, investigations, documentation, and guidance/support.  ? Collaborated with CIO/ IT Director to set foundation for security and reliability, working within budgets and project timeframes  ? Amended security policies to bring them into compliance within NIST standards and best practices  ? Verify appropriate procedures in place to support auditing of all aspects of project system access  ? Facilitate meeting guidelines and protocols to increase the productivity of the project meetings  ? Developed and standardized security audit strategy to keep the company within the industry's governing standards and principles Systems Administrator Gallows Bay Marine, Christiansted - VI January 2011 to April 2019 Display technical skills in setting up, optimizing, and overseeing network equipment, as well as organizing system hardware and software upgrades  ? Serve as sole support of network, in charge of monitoring point of sale equipment and computers Systems Administrator Cane Bay Partners VI, LLLP, Christiansted - VI February 2015 to October 2018 Keenly evaluate computer security procedures violation and conceptualize mitigation plans to prevent recurrence  ? Track data file usage and control its access to protect secure and confidential information, along with encryption of data and inclusion of firewalls  ? Deal with advanced monitoring, troubleshooting, and managing infrastructure-based systems  ? Administer Cisco routers and switches, security, disaster recovery, and backup plans  ? Create and handle maintenance of virtual environment utilizing VMware and Hyper-V, as well as asset management database through MS Access  ? Rendered help desk and phone support to onsite company and offsite offices across the US  ? Propose improvement on security procedures and systems, including development of daily monitoring and analysis of employees to verify compliance is being met as well as network monitoring for unusual activities  ? Assume accountability in formulating, documenting, and executing maintenance procedures such as system upgrades and backups and patch management  ? Carry out installation and provide support with Microsoft Windows Servers within a virtual environment  ? Maintained a critical presence of increased security by verifying all members of the project adhered to all policies and procedures by continuously monitoring all activity IT and Privacy Security Analyst (Remote) Trinity Health - Farmington Hills, MI July 2007 to December 2010 Conceptualized and executed an enterprise-wide system access management process to alleviate risks  ? Functioned as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and security compliance officer  ? Created and established methods to evaluate clinical system access for non-credentialed users within Cerner as utilized throughout the corporation involving the offsite ministry organizations  ? Facilitated security analysis on systems and procedures and suggested enhancements based on determined vulnerabilities or risks  ? Authored and revised online and hard copy training manuals for Cerner software used within the company and remote offices  ? Presided over comprehensive training sessions to corporate and offsite medical staff regarding newly developed Cerner reporting tools  ? Played an integral role in increasing system security and performance with proactive changes    Earlier Positions Held:  Local Security Administrator LAN, Desktop Support Technician III, Clinton Township, MI    Earlier Career    Kmart Corporation, Troy, MI  Operations Support Analyst Skills Security, Information security, Siem, Frameworks, Auditing, Strategic planning, It auditing, Security policies, Documentation, Governance Additional Information Seasoned, goal-oriented, and performance-focused professional, offering wide-ranging experience in the information technology field encompassing security, remote system, and incident response administration. Equipped with strong problem-solving and decision-making capabilities in identifying and resolving challenges on small- and large-scale projects. Skilled in encryption, disaster recovery, security auditing, and backup plans. Adept at ensuring adherence to Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) standards.    Areas of Expertise    Cybersecurity Analysis Security Policies and Procedures Compliance IT Security Governance  Identity & Access Management (IAM)  Information Security Frameworks Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Staff Relations  Network Research and Investigation Web and Cloud Technologies Strategic Planning and Implementation IT Auditing Reporting and Documentation Administration