Information Security Officer Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer IT Infrastructure - IT Security Specialist Professional Katy, TX Santiago Pagan  24903 Diamond Ranch Dr., Katy, 77494, Texas –Phone: 832 818 7327– email: santipagan@gmail.com    Proven, hands-on, dedicated and passionate IT Security Professional with solid work experience in Systems and Networking. Results-oriented and high-energy individual with strong analytical skills and reputation solving problems with strict professional demeanor. Always focused on provide excellent customer service with clear and professional communication. Working effectively individually and as a team member.    Areas of Expertise:  • Vulnerability Management  • Networking and System Security  • Penetration Testing  • Endpoint Security  • Patch Management  • Strong Reporting Skills  • IT Governance and Regulatory Compliances: FFIEC, GLBA, SOC2, NCUA, PCI, etc.  • IT Security Audit     Technical Proficiencies and Knowledge:     Palo Alto Firewalls, Kali Linux, Nessus, Nexpose, Metasploit, Qualys, Netmap, Netcat, Burp Suite, Wireshark, McAfee ePO, Manage Engine, Barracuda Web and Email Gateways, Palo Alto Traps, Palo Alto Magnifier, VMware, DLP, ZIX Mail    Professional Experience:    Information Security Officer at First Service Credit Union, Houston, Texas. October 2016 – May 2019.  • Partnered with internal teams to protect company and member information by the delivery of security analysis, recommendations, projects and compliance methods and practice. Reviewed, identified and documented security gaps. Actively involved on the development of Security Policies and Procedures.  • Participated in ongoing IT Security measurements. Reviewed and provided a broad of Daily and Quarterly Reports for senior management and C-Level.   • Developed the information security strategy and approach for initiatives including but not limited to PKI, Firewall, Two Factor Authentication, etc. Actively involved on BCP and DR plans   • Performed Incident Response by investigating, determining, remediating and documenting Security Events.  • Managed implementation strategy for various IDS/IPS components as relates to network perimeter controls.    • Responsible for Vulnerability Management and performed manual Pen testing to verify discovered vulnerabilities on Websites and Networks.  • In charge of the ongoing Patch Management plan and Vulnerability Remediation.  • Managed Email security and encryption as well as Endpoint Security   • Managed security audits performed by third parties for Compliance Requirements (FFIEC, SOC2, NCUA)  • Performed Cyber Security Risk Assessments for FFIEC CAT.  • Conducted Social Engineering Testing and providing ongoing corporate security awareness and training to users.  • Always focused on the research and identification of emerging threats and Cyber Risks.    IT Security Consultant at Freelance, Houston, Texas. Jan 2016 – Sept 2016    • Performed External and Internal Vulnerability Assessments using open source tools.  • Conducted Penetration Testing in order to verify vulnerabilities exposed on the tests.  • Executed Web Application Security Testing following OWASP methodology.  • Provided recommendations to improve Security Posture.    Cyber Security Analyst / IT Auditor at Aporia Solutions, Houston, Texas. July 2013– Dec 2015    • Involved in multiple IT Audits for Banks and Financial Institutions during this period.  • Successfully accomplished IDS/IPS Evasion conducting Vulnerability Scanning  • Utilized a mix of scripts, open source and professional tools performing Penetration Testing to expose potential Vulnerabilities and Threats.  • Executed Web Application Assessments based on OWASP testing guidelines  • Conducted Social Engineering Testing, using custom websites and email scripting.   • Performed Network Traffic logs analysis to identify security issues.  • Documented findings for customers and provided executive and technical reports with Risk Reduction recommendations as well as detailed technical reports to assist with remediation and prioritization of discovered issues.    IT Support Technician at Impress Computers, Houston, Texas, March 2013 – July 2013    • Worked on Remote and Onsite System Administration.  • Performed a large number of Server setups/migrations.  • Successfully accomplished Computer Forensic tasks including Data Recovery and Data Analysis.  • Deployed Software Security Suites for Intrusion Detection, Malware Threats as well as Virus Removal.    IT Services Consultant at SP Informatica de Empresas, Spain, April 2007 – March 2013  • Worked as IT Services Contractor for Oil & Gas and other manufacturing Industries.  • Maintained large number of IT Infrastructures under SLA for multiple Companies.  • Performed System Administration for multiple clients.  • Implemented Stand-Alone and Centralized Security Suites solutions.  • Deployed and Maintained CRM solutions with user training and database management.  • On call status to provide support 24/7 for computers and network troubleshooting.  • POS Implementation and Management for different sectors.    IT Manager at Ofimatica de Cartagena, Spain, Oct 1991–April 2007  • Managed the IT Team in a fast paced environment.  • Provided Remote and Onsite Help Desk support.  • Deployed a large number of Systems and Networks (Novell, Microsoft).  • Developed applications in Dbase, COBOL, C, Assembly and Visual Basic Languages.    Affiliations:  • Information Systems Security Association (ISSA)    Certifications:  • Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), CompTIA Security+.  Education:  • UNED (Spain), Bachelor Degree Computer Science Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Information Security Officer First Service Credit Union - Houston, TX October 2016 to May 2019 ·      Partnered with internal teams to protect company and member information by the delivery of security analysis, recommendations, projects and compliance methods and practice. Reviewed, identified and documented security gaps. Actively involved on the development of Security Policies and Procedures.  ·      Participated in ongoing IT Security measurements. Reviewed and provided a broad of Daily and Quarterly Reports for senior management and C-Level.   ·      Developed the information security strategy and approach for initiatives including but not limited to PKI, Firewall, Two Factor Authentication, etc. Actively involved on BCP and DR plans   ·      Performed Incident Response by investigating, determining, remediating and documenting Security Events.  ·      Managed implementation strategy for various IDS/IPS components as relates to network perimeter controls.    ·      Responsible for Vulnerability Management and performed manual Pen testing to verify discovered vulnerabilities on Websites and Networks.  ·      In charge of the ongoing Patch Management plan and Vulnerability Remediation.  ·      Managed Email security and encryption as well as Endpoint Security   ·      Managed security audits performed by third parties for Compliance Requirements (FFIEC, SOC2, NCUA)  ·      Performed Cyber Security Risk Assessments for FFIEC CAT.  ·      Conducted Social Engineering Testing and providing ongoing corporate security awareness and training to users.  ·      Always focused on the research and identification of emerging threats and Cyber Risks. IT Security Consultant Freelance/Self employed - Houston, TX January 2016 to October 2016 • Worked on provide On-site and Remote IT Support services.  • Performing internal and external Security Assessments on the IT Infrastructure.  • Researching new technologies and methodologies to improve the work performance and customer satisfaction. IT Cyber Security Analyst / IT Auditor Aporia Solutions - Houston, TX July 2013 to December 2015 ·      Involved in multiple IT Audits for Banks and Financial Institutions during this period.  ·      Successfully accomplished IDS/IPS Evasion conducting Vulnerability Scanning  ·      Utilized a mix of scripts, open source and professional tools performing Penetration Testing to expose potential Vulnerabilities and Threats.  ·      Executed Web Application Assessments based on OWASP testing guidelines  ·      Conducted Social Engineering Testing, using custom websites and email scripting.   ·      Performed Network Traffic logs analysis to identify security issues.  ·      Documented findings for customers and provided executive and technical reports with Risk Reduction recommendations as well as detailed technical reports to assist with remediation and prioritization of discovered issues. IT Engineer Impress Computers - Houston, TX May 2013 to August 2013 • Worked intensively in Onsite and Remote Help Desk Support and System Administration.  • Performed a large number of Server setups/migrations.  • Successfully accomplished Computer Forensic tasks including Data Recovery and Data Analysis.  • Boosted the number of installations for Data Integrity and Backup Solutions (RAID, SAN, NAS)   • Incremented the off-site Support Procedures using Remote Desktop Solutions.   • Deployed Software Security Suites for Intrusion Detection and Malware Threats as well as Virus Removal. IT Consultant/Contractor Self Employed - Several Locations May 2007 to April 2013 • Worked as Contractor of IT Services for Oil & Gas Industries.  • Maintained a large number of IT Infrastructures under SLA in multiple Companies.  • Administered large number of servers with diverse configurations.  • Implemented Stand-Alone and Centralized Security Suites solutions.   • Installed multitude of POS systems. Touch screens, barcode and ticket printers, handy terminals and related software.   • Deployed and Maintained ERP and CRM as well as POS solutions with user training and database management.  • On call status to provide support 24/7 on computer and network troubleshooting.  • Successfully Implemented VMware solutions to enhance productivity. IT Manager/Network Administrator Ofimatica de Cartagena S.L. - Cartagena, FL October 1991 to May 2007 • Supervised the IT Team in a fast paced environment.  • Managed the IT Ticketing System.  • Provided Remote and Onsite Help Desk support.  • Deployed a large number of Systems and Networks (Novell, Microsoft).  • Implanted multiple CRM and POS Solutions to the Clients.   • Developed applications in Dbase, COBOL, C, Assembly and Visual Basic Languages. Education Bachelor's in Computer Science UNED - Cartagena, Murcia provincia 1993 to 1997 Associate in Computer Science Cartagena Politechnic High School - Cartagena, Murcia provincia 1982 to 1987 Skills Vulnerability Assessment (6 years), Cyber Security (10+ years), Penetration Testing (4 years), Social Engineering Testing (3 years), IT Management (10+ years), Network Administration, Network Security (10+ years), System Administration (10+ years), Help Desk, Active Directory, Desktop Support, Service Desk, Security, Word, Organizational Skills, Customer Service, Excel, Management, Typing Military Service Branch: Infantry - Spanish Army Service Country: Spain Rank: Private First Class March 1988 to March 1989 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ July 2014 to Present Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) February 2016 to Present