Risk Manager, IT Security Risk Manager, <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Risk Manager, IT Security Stockwell, IN Seeking a position as Cyber Security Analyst in an organization that utilizes state-of-the-art, software and/or  hardware components with a creative, technology-driven organization in an environment that encourages  innovative thing, recognition, and career development. Customer interaction. Work Experience Risk Manager, IT Security Allegion - Carmel, IN September 2018 to April 2019 Report to Director of Security and President of IT.  ? Identify the risk associated with new products and updates to the infrastructure.  ? Present to wide audience the risk involved in new technologies for condersieration on implementation. IT Security Auditor - Contract Department of Child Services - Indianapolis, IN October 2017 to September 2018 Symantec DLP Endpoint Discover Admin & Log Review  ? Review Security Audit logs and daily reports  ? Research Security Tools and Best Practices  ? Preform State and Federal Audits  ? Preform Nessus Scans on Federal NIST levels Cyber Security Analyst Child Support Bureau - Indianapolis, IN January 2016 to September 2017 within the Bureau    ROOK SECURITY, Indianapolis, IN  Cyber Security Analyst, Jan 2016 - Sept 2017  ? Review violations of computer security procedures and discuss procedures with violators to ensure  violations are not repeated.  ? Monitor use of data files and regulate access to safeguard information in computer files.  ? Perform incident response and remediation  ? Conduct security log analysis and management  ? Provide security assistance for client response teams  ? Perform threat analysis and remediation  ? Web application vulnerability scanning    Dylan.Brennan@gmail.com  ? Conduct IOC research for client environments Monitor and review firewall communications PCAP  analysis Track client tickets to conclusion Demonstrate excellent customer facing communication  ? Firewall review and port configuration. Information Security Administrator GLOBAL DATA SEC, INC - Leavenworth, KS June 2014 to January 2016 Train users and promote security awareness to ensure system security and to improve server and network  efficiency.  ? Confer with users to discuss issues such as computer data access needs, security violations, and programming changes.  ? Modify computer security files to incorporate new software, correct errors, or change individual access  status.  ? Siprnet administrator for Fort Leavenworth Support all users who required access by account  management and auditing. Account usage auditing. HBSS, SCCM, Snort, Wireshark, Nessus Provisioning  De-provisioning security access, file access, and account access Classified System Administrator COMPUCOM - Indianapolis, IN November 2012 to June 2014 Analyze network data to determine network usage, disk space availability, or server function.  ? Configure and define parameters for installation or testing of local area network (LAN), wide area  network (WAN), hubs, routers, switches, controllers, multiplexers, or related networking equipment.  ? Perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.  ? Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer  hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations. Compound IT Supervisor AC-FIRST, Camp Leatherneck - AF March 2012 to November 2012 IT Supervisor for the AC FIRST compound on Camp Leatherneck in Afghanistan.  ? Review project plans to plan and coordinate project activity.  ? Manage backup, security and user help systems.  ? Meet with department heads, managers, supervisors, vendors, and others, to solicit cooperation and resolve problems. IT Technician INDIANA CONVENTION CENTER & LUCAS OIL STADIUM - Indianapolis, IN March 2011 to April 2012 Part of a small all-in-one IT department who manage the day to day operations of both networks in both buildings, Network Administration, Desktop, Helpdesk, VoIP. Active Directory Administration. Built the  new Domain servers and Exchange 2010 In use. Backup and Recovery with Ghost Live state. NAS Storage  Administration. Windows Server 2003-2008 Builds and Administration. Network Administration for both Buildings, two data centers.  ? Supported and maintained Super bowl 46. Medically Retired Staff Sargent UNITED STATES ARMY January 2002 to November 2009 Dylan.Brennan@gmail.com Education B.s in Information Technology Devry University Masters of Computer Science Security in Dylan.Brennan Western Governors University Skills Risk Management, Compliance Military Service Branch: United States Army Rank: E5