IT Security Risk Manager (Consultant) <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Risk Manager (Consultant) IT Risk Manager (Consultant) Jersey City, NJ Work Experience IT Security Risk Manager (Consultant) NYC Cyber Command - New York, NY April 2018 to Present Collaborated with multiple agencies to identify information security requirements, using methods that included risk and business impact assessments.  ? Identified legal, regulatory contractual requirements, organizational policies and standards related to information systems to determine the potential impact on agencies objectives.  ? Implemented and maintained the Information Security policy exception process.  ? Contributed to the Security Awareness Training Program, focusing on the development and rolled out of a Cyber Security curriculum.  ? Identified the weaknesses in system network applications and assisted the different agencies in creating action plans to correct and prevent security risk.  ? Reviewed and prepared scheduled audit reports from both internal and external requests.  ? Identified key controls and coordinated appropriate measurement efforts for process improvement. Third Party Risk Manager (Consultant) Brown Brothers Harriman - Jersey City, NJ May 2017 to December 2017 Managed new and ongoing risk assessments and monitoring of specific third-party relationships which are aligned to product and or services.  ? Addressed and documented reported risk events and potential risk areas, and ensured that they were appropriately mitigated.  ? Documented, communicated and provided guidance to lines of business on risks and ensured that control gaps are acknowledged through assessments and monitoring processes.  ? Managed relationships with internal and external partners to ensure that required third-party assessments, due diligence documentations and risk management activities are completed in a timely and accurate manner.  ? Ensured that all due diligence activities and supporting information are maintained in the departmental management portal.  ? Developed strong relationships with line of business to ensure visibility into and understanding of key risk areas.  ? Addressed and documented reported risk events as well as potential risk areas, and ensure that they are appropriately mitigated. IT Risk Manager (Consultant) National Football League - New York, NY January 2017 to April 2017 Coordinated with stakeholders to initiate, scope and plan controls assessments of new and existing vendor engagements.  ? Audited departments to ensure compliance with various certifications (PCI-DSS, ISO 27002, SSAE 16), as well as information security policies.  ? Worked with legal and compliance to review vendor contracts for risks and made recommendations to mitigate risk.  ? Reviewed, approved or denied requests for exception  ? Oversaw and tracked the progression of security policy exceptions in Archer.  ? Assisted in continuous improvement of the Information Security Risk policies and security awareness program.  ? Assessed completed questionnaire and supporting documentation to validate vendor appropriate implementation of information security controls; analyzed the information to identify information security weaknesses or non-compliance with the company's and industry standards.  ? Collaborated with IT operational risk teams on cross-divisional and regional aspects of internal, external, and regulatory audits.  ? Ensured consistent management of all proposal and that contracts are properly entered into organizational databases and securely maintained.  ? Coordinated and performed annual mandatory information security awareness to alert employees to information security and best practices. IT Risk Manager (Consultant) NYC Mayor's Office of Technology and Innovation - Brooklyn, NY September 2016 to December 2016 Responsible for the strengthening of agencies internal controls and improved performance as it relates to IT Project Management to better assure the successful delivery of projects.  ? Provided Risk Awareness Training and Information by offering workshops and informational resources to help City agencies understand best practices.  ? Facilitated Risk Control Self Assessments which involved a comprehensive questionnaire, discussion of findings and recommendation for new or early life cycle projects in order to identify opportunities that will reduce time and cost as well as risk.  ? Monitored project risk and assist with remediation by creating individualized risk treatments with associated mitigation plans for select project risks while monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of any subsequent steps taken.  ? Assisted the agencies in developing its' Risk Register and remediation planning which provides a better means of tracking and responding to problems as they are identified or arise.  ? Established and Co-lead the MOTI Risk Management Program to create an effective risk management culture across the City's agencies and offices by introducing disciplined risk mitigation processes and practices that prevent or reduce the impact of large project risk.  ? Worked with management to evaluate the adequacy, soundness, and efficiency of the Agencies' information technology policies and procedures. IT Senior Risk Analyst (Consultant) BNP Paribas - Jersey City, NJ May 2015 to September 2016 Identified and evaluated operational risks and internal controls to mitigate risks and related opportunities for internal control improvement.  ? Collaborated with federal regulatory and internal and external auditors to assess risk and controls.  ? Responsible for driving the associated risk point to action and communicated and motivated the internal clients to resolve the issues.  ? Communicate vendor information security issues to stakeholders, ensuring their understanding of associated risks and actions needed to remediate those risks.  ? Worked closely with other IT operational risk teams on cross-divisional and regional aspects of internal, external, and regulatory audits.    ? Conducted Risk Control Self Assessments, collaborated for reviews and worked with internal and external auditors to facilitate requests, reviewed, and tracked findings and recommendations. IT Senior Financial/Risk Analyst PR Newswire - Jersey City, NJ November 2013 to May 2015 Reviewed the strategy and financial projection of new and emerging projects and products in order to build financial models to support such projects.  ? Performed Quality Control on all related RFP documents and submissions, including large and complex multi-tab spreadsheets and roll-ups.  ? Monitored actual financial results vs. budget and highlighted key variances for senior department managers.    ? Coordinated and maintained the global technology project portfolio and recurring financial forecast by working collaboratively with key technology and finance staff.    ? Collaborated with IT Management to create and managed the annual IT Capital and Operational Budgeting process    ? Developed annual expense, headcount analysis and capital budget by working closely with the technology and finance staff.    ? Reviewed monthly direct costs of activities, highlighting, and providing analysis of variances against the budget to the COO and functions heads. Produce all financials reports (expenses and headcount) and distribute them to the clients.    ? Lead the Preparation, analysis, and presentation of the monthly departmental expense reporting to department heads on an ongoing basis. IT Risk Analyst ACTIVE Health Management - New York, NY March 2011 to November 2013 Reported findings and made recommendations for the correction of noted control deficiencies, improvements in operations and reduction in cost.  ? Reviewed proposed budget submissions from department managers for accuracy and completeness.  ? Arranged and lead meetings with internal resources to collect, track and report information.  ? Reviewed Third Party engagement details and assessed appropriate risk level using defined criteria.  ? Compared actual to budget results at the end of each reporting period, and reported on significant variances.  ? Determined whether areas reviewed are performing control activities in compliance with applicable policies and procedures in a manner consistent with both organizational objectives and high standards of administrative practice. Client Service Analyst Citigroup - New York, NY November 2008 to March 2011 Worked with the proprietary trading desk, accounting, operations, tax and treasury groups to perform account analysis, assisted with money movement and handled capital allocation.  ? Identified problem areas regarding processes and worked with the team to generate solutions and escalated to management as appropriate.  ? Worked closely with the branch operations team and bank service desks on resolving client inquiries. Sales Analyst TOMMY HILFIGER - New York, NY July 2007 to August 2008 Performed complex analyses of organizational performance and identified opportunities for improvements that will further sales objectives.  ? Assisted with planning by providing current sales trend information and analysis to support the development of the team's customer plan.  ? Generated daily, weekly and monthly activity reports showing detailed analysis of various revenue, expense and headcount to drive organizational performance and analyzed opportunities for improvements. Financial Analyst (Consultant) JP MORGAN CHASE - New York, NY December 2006 to June 2007 Maintained pricing and profitability model/pro-forma in ordered to perform in-depth financial analyses to support all new business propositions or initiatives.  ? Managed large, pre-qualified and strategic RFPs from inception through award.  ? Collaborated with the Product Team to ensure products were competitive, well priced and have the necessary features to remain competitive within the market.  ? Responded to RFP Questionnaires and maintained high quality responses in the RFP database.  ? Priced standard deals and acted as a control during the deal/pricing process while adhering to policies and procedures in place to document pricing decisions.  ? Meticulously scrubbed all RFP related documents and put together a comprehensive response for each RFP. Education SAINT PETER'S UNIVERSITY MBA School of Business Management BA in Finance in Finance BERNARD BARUCH CITY COLLEGE Skills Ariba (Less than 1 year), Innotas (Less than 1 year), Microsoft office (Less than 1 year), Microsoft sharepoint (Less than 1 year), Ms office (Less than 1 year), Pivot tables (Less than 1 year), Remedy (Less than 1 year), Sharepoint (Less than 1 year), Visio (Less than 1 year), Compliance, Risk Management, Governance, Excel