Information Security Analyst Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Security Analyst - HMS Holdings Corp Dallas, TX Information Security Analyst with proven hands-on project experience using the  Risk Management Framework (RMF); a structured process to Categorize, Select,  Implement, Assess, Authorize, and Monitoring; to integrate information security,  and risk management activities into organizational enterprise, architecture, and  System Development Life Cycle, using applicable OMB, FISMA, and NIST  standards. Work Experience Information Security Analyst HMS Holdings Corp - Irving, TX March 2018 to Present Perform security categorization using NIST SP- 800-60 and FIPS 199 and reviewed Privacy Threshold Analysis (PTA), and E-Authentication with  system stakeholders.  ? Create and track for corrective actions the Plan of Action and Milestones  (POA&M) of all accepted risks upon completion of Security Control  Assessment (SCA) exercises and documented in the system security plan  (SSP).  ? Review implementation statements and supporting evidence of security  controls as to determine if the systems are currently meeting the requirements and provide findings/suggested mitigations to stakeholders.  ? Collaborated with clients from concept through final delivery of product or service.  ? Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving integrity and security of data, reports and access.  ? Worked with the security Control Assessors (SCA) team to determine  effectiveness of current security controls and a path forward to implement  security controls, where potential weaknesses might exist. Information Security Analyst Greystar Real Estate Partners LLC - Austin, TX May 2016 to February 2018 Worked with information System Security Officers to prepare Assessment  and Authorization(A&A) package for reviews using the six steps Risk  Management Framework process (RMF)  ? Monitor controls post authorization to ensure continuous compliance with the security requirements by evaluating threats and vulnerabilities through  Nessus scan results and work with the IT staff for the mitigation actions.  ? Manage the development of system Security Authorization Agreements.  ? Documented and reviewed security plans (SP), contingency plans (CP), contingency plan test (CPT), privacy impact assessment (PIA), and risk  assessment (RA) document per NIST 800guidlines for various government  agencies. IT Auditor Genpact - Richardson, TX April 2015 to April 2016 Perform audits of IT general and application controls, information security, system development, change management, business continuity, disaster  recovery and computer operations.  ? Test identify network and system vulnerabilities and create counteractive  strategies to protect the network.  ? Conduct audit planning, fieldwork, walkthrough of controls, detailed testing  of controls and creation of clear and accurate documentation of workflows of IT process, and report test results and exceptions.  ? Carried out independent review of topics identified on a risk-based analysis  in the several departments of the Corporation.  ? Document and report control weaknesses and provide recommendations to remediation the weaknesses. Education Associate of Arts Collin County Community College District - Plano, TX 2019 Skills HIPAA, ISO, NESSUS, NIST, SECURITY, FISMA, FRAMEWORKS, RISK ASSESSMENT, VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT, RISK MANAGEMENT, EXCEL, WORD, GOVERNANCE