Oracle Database Administrator Oracle Database Administrator Oracle Database Administrator - PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE San Jose, CA Oracle Certified Associate with extensive experience in Requirements Gathering, Change Management /  Oracle Security / Backup & Recovery / Data Guard / Upgrades / Patching / Troubleshooting and  Performance Tuning / ETL, Data Migration / Data Loading / Cloning / Golden Gate  • Design and implement backup and recovery strategy for databases using Recovery Manager (RMAN),  traditional Export/Import, Export/Import Datapump, as well as conventional Hot/Cold Backups.  • Implement various backup strategies for Large/Medium sized databases using RMAN.  • Logical backups, Hot/Cold backups, Recovery, and cloning of databases using Recovery Manager.  • Database Backup and Recovery methods like PITR, TSPITR, Export/Import, and Flashback  Technologies.  • Oracle Database performance-tuning services for customers with EXPLAIN PLAN, TKPROF, STATSPACK,  SQL TRACE, ORADEBUG, 11g OEM, Grid, Cloud, monitoring custom scripts, troubleshooting oracle  databases using SQL trace utilities.  • Tune database and memory components for optimal performance using AWR, ADDM and ASH reports.  • SQL coding including DDL, DML and fine tuning those SQLs for better performance.  • Knowledge of v$, performance views and command line skills to identify information about sessions,  wait events, system performance, etc.  • Application of Patches, Critical Patch Update/Patch Set update and One-Off Patches using OPatch.  • Cross platform migrations from Windows to Linux, Solaris to Linux.  • Upgrade and Migration of Oracle database to higher version and other platforms using manual method  and traditional Export/Import, datapump& Transportable Tablespace (TTS).  • Disk Space Management involving managing archives, space allocation to various tablespaces, as well  as capacity planning for new applications.  • Golden Gate Configuration (Unidirectional and Bi-directional topologies).  • Capacity Planning and documentation  • Monitor and Tune system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and  latch contention.  • Load data from flat files using external tables, SQL* Loader.  • PL/SQL, UNIX Shell Scripting.  • Analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills.  • Oracle 11g/12c RAC implementation & administration (Oracle Clusterware setup and configuration,  RAC installation using ASM, Grid Installation).  • Installation of high-availability RAC environment (2, 3, 4 and 5 node clusters), and upgraded standalone  databases to 11g/12c RAC environment.  • Design and configure high-availability systems using physical standby (Active Data Guard) for Disaster  Recovery. Work Experience Oracle Database Administrator PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE March 2017 to Present Work with Application Development team to address any issues they encounter and provide  support and resolution action plans.  • Assist development teams in identifying SQL queries that consume high resources and resolving blocks and deadlocks in order to optimize data concurrency.  • Manage data concurrency and wait events by identifying SQL statements that are consuming  heavy resources and provide support to development team.  • Security User Management, Privileges, Role, Auditing, Profiling, Authentication. Configure  database security from vulnerabilities from incoming requests through IP based restrictions to specific application servers.  • Perform software cloning across servers and duplicate databases within and across servers  using RMAN. Perform Hot & Cold Database Cloning using Data Pump.  • Perform data migration from one environment to another using Data Pump and Transportable Tablespaces for application developers.  • Perform data refreshes at database, schema & table level using RMAN and Data Pump.  • Performed PL/SQL tuning, oracle contention and monitored production database using  automatic workload repository (AWR), automatic database diagnostic monitor (ADDM) and Active Session History (ASH).  • Enable Password Management for all database logins from the default login settings by designing password policies  • Work with application developers in managing tablespace and undo segments such as flashbacks and to resolve inconsistent reads.  • Work with team to configure standby databases for data guard to ensure high availability, data protection & disaster recovery.  • Configure servers and install Oracle 12c to use ASM storage.  • Configure Oracle Client 11g and 12c on servers for application and administrator users.  • Successful in applying RDBMS patches, security patches for improving the security and functionality of databases.  Environment: Oracle 12.1.0.2, 11.2.0.3, Sun Solaris, Windows Server 2003, Red Hat Linux, TOAD, RMAN, SQL server, OEM. Oracle Database Administrator KAISER PERMANENTE May 2015 to February 2017 • Did additional system configurations after database creation to suit client need such as appropriate FRA space, configure recoverability, automate startups and shutdowns etc  • Assisted in ensuring that RMAN Backups completed.  • Performed flashback of database objects for application developers.  • Created and manage primary database storage structures (tablespaces) for application  developers.  • Successfully installed and configured Oracle 12c, Oracle 11g, Oracle databases on Windows  and Unix platforms.  • Assisted in the creation and management of database objects (tables, views, indexes) for application developers designing applications.  • Loaded data from flat files to database using SQL*Loader, External Tables.  • Supported the Development and Test efforts for the REMEDY Help Desk System  • Assisted in the Configuration of Oracle Enterprise Manager 13c, both the Oracle  Management Server and the Agents. Also Patching of the OMS & Agents.  • Participated in RAC configuration for 4 node database for high availability.  • 24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.  Environment: Oracle 11.1.0.7, 10.2.0.5, 9.2.0.7, IBM AIX V6.1, Suse Linux, RAC, ASM, RMAN, AWR, ADDM, SQL* Plus, SQL*Loader, OEM, TOAD 10.0. IT Systems Security Assessor SAP SE May 2013 to April 2015 Performed walkthrough and detailed testing on key controls such as access, change  management and computer operations using the audit program.  • Reviewed Security Impact Analysis (SIA) reports to make sure that appropriate testing was  conducted.  • Prepared the Security Assessment Plan (SAP) and obtained an approval prior to testing.  • Ensured that remediation actions are conducted on findings issued in the Security  Assessment Report (SAR). IT Risk Analyst KIA MOTORS October 2011 to January 2013 • Participated in the review of Service Management tools provided by Service Providers.  • Reviewed Service Level Agreements between vendors and customers and also Underpinning  Contracts associated.  • Analyzed Continual Service Improvement initiatives  • Performed review of Service Design Packages in accordance to ITIL best practices to evaluate  Service Life Cycle Plans. Systems Analyst SILICON TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM September 2009 to August 2011 • Developed successful execution of SDLC for clients.  • Examined and evaluated current systems  • Liaised with users to track additional requirements and features  • Collaborated with IT team and developers to produce new systems Help Desk Support CAMEROON TELECOMMUNICATIONS January 2006 to August 2009 • Provided technical assistance and support for tickets and issues related for CAMTEL's ADSL, Wireless Broadband, Fiber optics and VoIP services  • Walked customers through problem-solving process.  • Ran diagnostic programs to resolve problems.  • Installed computer peripherals for users. Education Bachelor's Degree in LL.B Law University of Buea 2003 Master of Science in Information Technology Management in Information Technology Management Grand Canyon University Skills Oracle, Sql, Linux, Red hat, Rman, Cobit, Ffiec, Hipaa, Iso, Nist, Pci, Rdbms, System development, Life cycle, Vmware, Oem, Windows xp, Workstations, Risk management Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS  • Operating Systems:  Red Hat Linux RHEL 5.x and Windows XP  • RDBMS:  Oracle 11g/10g/12c  • Software/Applications/Tools:  DBCA, DBUA, Recovery Manager (RMAN), Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), OEM Grid  Control, Oracle Data Guard, Oracle Management Service (OMS), Oracle Management Cloud  (OMC), Real Application Clusters (RAC), ASM, SQL Navigator, TOAD, Data Pump  (expdp, impdp), SRVCTL, SQL*Plus, VMware Workstations  • Tuning Tools:  SQL TRACE, TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM    OTHER SKILLS:  • NIST-Risk Management Framework - System Development Life Cycle  • COBIT good-practice framework  • SCRUM Framework.  • Basic knowledge of HIPAA, FFIEC, SOC2, ISO & PCI standards  • Fluent in French Language