Lead Administrator Lead Administrator Lead Administrator - Change Healthcare/ Wipro Nashville, TN Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Lead Administrator Change Healthcare/ Wipro - Nashville, TN January 2019 to Present • Implementation, configuration & troubleshooting the issues related to Virtual Servers, pools, nodes & certificates on F5 Load Balancer.  • Firewall Rule implementation on Checkpoint version R80.10 for the McKesson to Change Healthcare Network Transition project  • Firewall Rule implementation on Panorama for the McKesson to Change Healthcare Network Transition project.  • Implementation of DNS entries, CNAMES, A- Records, and Reverse DNS look-up for application migration from McKesson to Change Healthcare environment  • Implemented external DNS entries using F5 GTM. Contractor Lend Lease - Dunwoody, GA October 2017 to November 2018 Sr. Security Engineer  • Configure, administer and document firewall infrastructure, working with Checkpoint, Firewall deployment, rules migration and firewall administration  Converting existing rule based onto new platforms.  • Worked on Checkpoint Versions R70, R77 and R80 implementing new and additional rules on the existing firewalls for a server refresh project.  • Worked on PA-5000 Series (PA-5020, PA-5060, PA-5200, and PA-5260)  • Assisted in Data Center migration for Checkpoint and Palo Alto Firewall  • Responsible for configuring site to site VPN with Checkpoint between Head Quarters and Branch locations.  • Implementation, configuration & troubleshooting the issues related to Virtual Servers, pools, nodes & certificates on F5 Load Balancer.  • Responsible for Microsoft TMG migration to F5 Load Balancer  • Configured DNS for company public sites  • Worked with Application Team to build new VS's for their apps  • F5 BIG-IP APM, GTM, ASM Modules. Independent Contractor General Electric - Alpharetta, GA December 2016 to October 2017 Sr. Security Engineer  • Configured virtual servers, pool, pool members and load balancing method on the F5 LTM.  • Configured SSL termination and persistence profiles on the BIG IP F5 LTM  • Configured and monitored different monitor modules F5 BIG-IP LTM.  • Configuring various advanced features (Profiles, monitors, iRules, Redundancy, SSL Termination, Persistence, SNATs, HA on F5 BIGIP appliances SSL termination and initiation, Persistence, Digital Certificates.  • F5 certificate installation, renewals, cypher suit modifications.  • Configure and administer security rules and policies to permit or deny traffic on Checkpoint, CISCO ASA, and Palo Alto  • LTM & Firewall change management.  • Perform System Upgrades on firewalls & Big-IP.  • Work with the App team to best setup application delivery in a load balancing environment.  • Administering security infrastructure by using multi-vendor (Cisco ASA, Palo Alto network firewall, and Checkpoint security devices) firewall platforms.  • Using CSM, Panorama (Palo Alto Network) and Provider-1 (R65, R75, and R77) to maintain the company's security systems and administers security policies to control access to systems and applications.  • Executes security controls with Cisco CSM, and checkpoint Provider-1 (CMA's, R65, R75, R77), to prevent hackers from infiltrating company information or jeopardizing programs.  • Managed security policy changes across hybrid platforms using Tufin  • CISCO ISE Deployment. Independent Contractor Avanade - Atlanta, GA March 2012 to November 2016 Sr. Security Engineer  ? Install, configure and maintain Check Point NGX 75.20 on SPLAT and GAIA 77.20  ? Configure and administer security rules and policies to permit and/or deny user traffics based on company security policy.  ? Implementing Checkpoint firewall policies across firewalls throughout the network.  ? Network monitoring, packet captures and troubleshooting traffic passing through firewalls via logs.  ? Optimizing existing policies to improve security and performance.  ? Perform system upgrades, regular firewall patches and maintenances.  ? Configure IP-SEC VPN for user traffics that needs to be encrypted using Checkpoint.  ? Monitor Checkpoint VPN tunnel activities with smart view monitor and troubleshoot VPN issues with CLI.  ? Deployed Antivirus and Host Intrusion Prevention System to over 5000 workstations.  ? Created and maintained Antivirus and Firewall policies to meet special needs for field laptops, standard desktops, laptops and servers.  ? Configure and manage LDAP User management with Checkpoint Smart Directory  ? Integrates Microsoft active directory (LDAP) into checkpoint for identity awareness and user authentication.  ? Back up, Restore and upgrade of Check Point firewall appliance.  ? Configure and troubleshooting HA Cluster on Checkpoint Firewall.  ? Analyze logs and make necessary network report using smart reporter console application.  ? Configure checkpoint firewall to authenticate users based on user identity, user group, user sessions  ? Monitor all users/Firewall traffics using smart view-tracker, and smart view-monitor smart consoles.  ? Troubleshoot, Monitor and configure checkpoint firewall issues and other smart console applications using CLI.  ? F5 certificate installation, renewals, cypher suit modifications  ? BIG -IP LTM - Nodes, Pools, Virtual Servers  ? Troubleshoot firewall issues through command-line using CLI commands and GUI interface using smart console. IT Security Analyst University of East London - Stratford May 2007 to December 2011 Conducted performance monitoring of business-critical systems (servers, firewalls, switches).  ? Developed and maintained information architectures (data, application, network).  ? Configured routers between university campus sites, IP Sec LAN-to-LAN VPN tunnels.  ? Performed installation and upgrading of new network and desktop application software.  ? Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis to hardware/software network failures, and provided resolutions.  ? Monitored network server, troubleshooting, configured, and deployed LAN/WAN solutions.  ? Managed network account and emails along with ensuring updated virus protection.  ? Provided technical and administrative support to customers on a daily basis.  ? Network connectivity troubleshooting, ping, tracert and telnet.  ? Regularly performed hardware and software maintenance.  ? Maintained active directory database (backup, restore) and replication and certificate services.  ? Installed and troubleshoot Fortinet firewalls.  ? Hands on experience configuring firewall rules on Fortinet.  ? Managing Fortinet Firewall and monitoring all incoming and outgoing internet traffic.  ? Support diverse security infrastructure including implementations of firewalls, proxies, network devices, monitoring systems, provide tier-2/3 support for troubleshooting enterprise network  ? Provides systems and network diagram documentation using Visio  ? Ensuring systems security by updating critical systems and anti-virus software patches.  ? Deploy/Implement Kaspersky in an organization wide network. Education Master of Science in (MSc), Information Technology (Merit) University of East London - East London February 2007 to July 2008 BSc in Statistics University of Benin September 1998 to September 2005 Skills ENCRYPTION, FIREWALL, DNS, SECURITY, CISCO, ITIL, VPN, CISCO ASA, IPSEC, SPLUNK, TCPDUMP, DEPLOYMENT, MIGRATIONS, CHECKPOINT, MITIGATION, Cyber Security, Information Security, Network Security Additional Information TECHNICAL SKILLS.  ? Firewall security policy implementation and monitoring.  ? Identify security issues and risks, and develop mitigation plans.  ? Monitoring firewall logs using tcpdump and fw monitor for packet capture and packet analysis.  ? Configured, administered, and documented firewall infrastructure.  ? Checkpoint Management server HA for fail-over for network management reliability.  ? Checkpoint cluster implementation and configuration including R77.30 clusterXL and previous version of checkpoint firewall OS.  ? Managed firewall deployment, rules migrations, and firewall administration.  ? IPSEC-VPN configuration for data encryption.  ? Security policy changes across hybrid platforms using Tufin.  ? Firewall Technologies- Checkpoint, Fortinet, CISCO ASA/CSM  ? Load Balancer- F5 BIG-IP LTM, Microsoft TMG.  ? F5 ASM, F5 GTM/DNS, iApps, iRules  ? Tools- Service now, ITIL, TCPDUMP, SPLUNK  ? Infoblox