Security Analyst II <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II Security Analyst II - Anthem Inc Indianapolis, IN Work Experience Security Analyst II Anthem Inc - Indianapolis, IN January 2017 to Present • Responsible for procedures to ensure the safety of information system assets and to protect systems from intentional or inadvertent access or destruction.  • Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving integrity and security of data, reports and access.  • Provided documentation on application provisioning for first level troubleshooting of processes to other analysts.  • Maintained a 97% or above efficiency for the over 19,000 application production work orders for the year. Field Support Analyst Sr Anthem, Inc. - Indianapolis, IN January 2016 to January 2017 • Utilizing a newly developed support channel that focused on customer service and an improved in-person Tech- Support experience.  • We were able to cut calls to the Service Desk by 30%, and visits to the Field Service office by 20% which allowed both entities to focus on their direct missions. Systems Administrator / Consultant Robert Half Technology - Denver, CO January 2015 to January 2016 • Working through a contract with Adams County Public schools, which consists of 13 schools and over 7,500 students.  • I worked with administrators, educators as well as students to ensure their issues were handled in a timely manner with great customer service. Senior IT Analyst ARAMARK SPORTS LLC - Denver, CO January 2014 to January 2015 • Managed support of Point of Sale (POS) systems (Micros & Symphony) for 8 local sports\ entertainment venues in the Denver metro area.  • Oversaw Server upgrades at three venues to ensure PCI compliance.  • Proposed wireless upgrades for Red Rocks Amphitheatre. IT Site Manager Erickson Living - Highlands Ranch, CO January 2011 to January 2014 • Facilitated IT Support for over 200 staff members and 700 plus residents.  • Upgraded staff systems from Windows XP to Windows 7 with zero downtime.  • Coordinated with project teams to uncover any possible IT opportunities. IT Manager MINNE-TOHE HEALTH CENTER - Newtown, IN January 2009 to January 2011 • Managed IT services for local Tribal health clinic as well as 4 offsite locations.  • Uncovered network shortcomings in new clinic building, oversaw design and bidding process.  • Won a $1 million dollar award for network purchase and installation. Education BS in Business Administration Regis University - Denver, CO Skills CUSTOMER SERVICE, PROCESS ANALYSIS, QUALITY ASSURANCE, Active Directory, Cisco, access, training, Security, Microsoft Office