IT Security Analyst II <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II IT Security Analyst II - State of Utah, Department of Technology Services Sandy, UT ? 8 years of IT Security Experience as an IT Security Analyst II (Lead Forensic Investigator/Examiner), Security  Incident response, Whole disk Encryption Server Management, Two Factor Authentication, Network  Monitoring, and drafting up of Process and procedures.  ? 1 year of experience as a Layton City Police Officer; Responded to Domestic Violence Incidents, Traffic  Violation, Retail theft, DUI, Criminal Mischief, Public Intoxication, Disorderly conduct, and Welfare checks.  ? 5 years in Technical Support and Customer Service, USPS, Comcast, Platinum Protection; Assist Customers  in problem solving, Schedule Tech appointments, and de-escalate Customer frustration.  ? 11 years living abroad; 2 years in Germany, 7 years in England, and 2 years as an LDS missionary in Brazil. Work Experience IT Security Analyst II State of Utah, Department of Technology Services - Salt Lake City, UT March 2011 to Present Primary Job responsibilities:  ? Computer Forensic Investigations. (Litigation Hold, GRAMA, Agency Investigations)  ? Service-Now  ? Incident Response (Mobile Devices/Laptops/Desktops/Smartphones/Tablets), Malware  Analysis  ? Forensic imaging of hard drives (copying/cloning computer Hard drives)  ? Email Extraction/Retrieval  ? Data extraction/retrieval from Desktop, Laptop, Tablets, iPads and Smartphones.  ? Investigating Inappropriate use of State Issued Devices. (Policy Violations).  ? Provide Internet Activity usage reports.  ? Endpoint Engineer Duties: Manage, maintain (upgrade) and provide support for:  ? Symantec Encryption Desktop  ? RSA Two-Factor Server/console  ? MDM (Airwatch)  ? Bitlocker  ? Monitor the State Network to prevent Breaches and Assist in Vulnerability  ? Prevention/Assessments I've assisted in Pen-testing.  ? Encase Forensics  ? Digital forensic and EnCase Forensic concepts and methodology  ? Navigating the EnCase Forensic environment  ? The proper handling and acquisition of digital evidence using EnCase  ? Basic computer functionality as well as that of various computer file systems  ? Using EnCase functionality to examine digital evidence  ? Searching evidence with EnCase Forensic and bookmarking and tagging items of interest  ? Examining various artifacts using EnCase Forensic, including the Windows registry, Windows  artifacts, email, and Internet history  ? Creating and exporting an examination report using EnCase Forensic  ? Magnet Forensics: Axiom  ? Magnet Forensics: Internet Evidence Finder (IEF)  ? X-ways Forensics/Winhex tools  ? EDD, JLECmd, cafae, pf, Jumplist explorer, Userassist, shellbag explorer, Volatility, Registry  ? explorer, among others  ? DiskAid (IOS data viewer  ? APPX (Gmail extraction toolset)  ? VMbox/VMware (virtual clients), Windows, Mac and Linux OS  ? M86 report (usage reports)  ? Splunk (Network Monitoring)  ? Palo Alto (activity reports and monitoring).  ? Nessus (Vulnerability Assessments)  ? Nexpose (Vulnerability Assessments)  ? Amongst others Tech Support Comcast Cable, LLC - Sandy, UT June 2010 to February 2011 IT Support, Product Sales, Appointment scheduling for Customers, Customer Account Executive (bill, accounts status, upgrades, etc)  ? Required to meet project deadlines and stats (Average handle time, sales rate, calls per productive  hour etc). Police Officer Layton City - Layton, UT January 2009 to December 2009 Duties as an Officer included Respond to domestic disputes, Resolve civil problems, Determine if a crime was  committed, Responded to accidents with injuries, Respond to high risk situation and make sure the scene is  clear for medical or other city personnel, Fire etc, Trained with firearms, Shotguns, M4 Assault Rifles, and De-escalation of high stress situations. Education Utah Valley University - Orem, UT 2008 Utah Valley University, Some School Skills Security, testing, Active Directory