Technical Services & Information Security Manager Technical Services &amp; Information <span class="hl">Security</span> Manager Technical Services & Information Security Manager - DOLE FOOD COMPANY Herriman, UT An experienced IT and Systems Security Professional with in-depth knowledge of operating systems, Information Security Theory, knowledge of IT security systems and standards, with emphasis on network elements and protocols, encryption tools, client-server, web architecture, firewalls, network access controls, least privilege security, patching, antivirus/malware and intrusion detection/prevention system. A self-motivated and well-organized individual with strong customer service orientation, with analytical and problem-solving skills. A team leader with the ability to manage multiple high priority initiatives, perform well under pressure and lead by example in a rapidly changing environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Technical Services & Information Security Manager DOLE FOOD COMPANY July 2016 to Present ? Responsible for the management and leadership of technical services support staff and services for North America business units, including services related to end-user software (Windows, Mac, etc.), hardware (laptop, desktop, scanner, printer, etc.), information security, audio/video facilities, remote location infrastructure and telephony, mobile devices and associated third party vendor products and solutions.  ? Supported users at more than 20 sites, including Dole HQ, U.S. ocean port terminals, and remote offices.  ? Managed and coordinated training and professional development activities for Technical Services & Information Security team members  ? Responsible to identify, recommend, procure, implement, administer and maintain appropriate IT Security tools, including encryption, firewalls, network access control, least privilege security, patching, antivirus/malware and intrusion detection/prevention systems.  ? Led global and regional IT projects involving infrastructure, wired and wireless networking, endpoint security, and telephony  ? Managed the deployment of enterprise endpoint technologies based on industry best practices and standards and managed Active Directory OU administration for North America  ? Proposed enhancement and process improvement to management for end user support processes, procedures and service levels IT Manager Computer Services DOLE FOOD COMPANY July 2015 to July 2016 ? Responsible to manage and coordinate training and professional development activities for Technical Services & Information Security team members.  ? Ensured delivery of outstanding service in end-user software programs, hardware/equipment, audio/video facilities, mobile devices, and remote location infrastructure and telephony.  ? Managed the Computing Services team to identify, evaluate, and make recommendations for new emerging endpoint technologies, ensuring alignment with the company' business needs and strategic objectives while ensuring company's IT and security policies were upheld in the configuration and us of all equipment. IT Services Supervisor & Security Analyst DOLE FOOD COMPANY March 2012 to July 2015 ? Supervised and mentored desktop support team. Assisted and trained them to resolve complex problems and to expedite restoration of standard desktop functionalities. Improved team performance to exceed client's expectations.  ? Conducted research to determine causes of failures, compromises, or poor operational performance; then defined, tested and implemented detailed solutions.  ? Assisted in planning and implementing of new software and hardware rollouts. Worked closely with stakeholders and decision makers to identify cost-effective solutions for supported endpoints including mobile devices. Desktop Services Architect & Security Analyst DOLE FOOD COMPANY February 2011 to March 2012 ? Responsible to manage Active Directory OU administration for Corporate and North America.  ? Generated innovative ideas to enhance end user support processes, procedures and service levels.  ? Responsible for timely workstation operating system security patching of users at the Dole Corporate Headquarters and North America users. Desktop Support Analyst DOLE FOOD COMPANY January 2007 to February 2011 ? Hired by Desktop Support management to continue the desktop support and aid end-users needs at the Dole Corporate Headquarters.  ? Responsible to support Dole top level Executives' IT needs and to monitor all their devices' performance, including hardware, mobile and software.  ? Carried out trouble shooting and fast resolution of reported incidents or IT tickets from Executives with on-call priority for "C" level team's IT needs. Desktop Support-Contractor Dole Corporate Headquarters August 2006 to December 2006 ? Brought in as a contractor by Dole Food Company's IT Desktop Support Management, to provide additional help in the desktop support area and aid end-users needs at the Dole Corporate Headquarters. Contractor Texas Instruments, Inc - Santa Barbara, CA February 2003 to July 2006 ? Brought in by Texas Instruments via TechStar, inc. - Systems Administrator  ? Support the computer environment at Texas Instruments Santa Barbara, CA (providing support for approximately 120+ computer systems onsite & remote)  ? Responsible for acquisition, installation, and configuration of desktop, laptop, & server equipment as required by management and then input all IT assets into a database for tracking and auditing purposes.  ? Reduce PC support issues & virus exposure by maintaining & updating baseline computer system images with current security patch level and actively monitor with compliance auditing software.  ? Active Directory administrator for Santa Barbara OU - Create, maintain, and configure AD accounts, Group Policy Objects, and Microsoft Exchange email accounts.  ? Install and manage desktop client to server backup solution that maintains data integrity for T.I. site.  ? Use virtualization software to create various Operating Systems images to run on engineer host computers to test TI software code installs. Systems Administrator Somera Communications Inc - Santa Barbara, CA March 2002 to July 2002 ? Provide technical support for on-site and remote locations troubleshooting end user problems (providing support for approximately 375 users).  ? Support Microsoft Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP, Microsoft Office 97/2000 and various other desktop applications such as, ACT 4 / 2000, FileMaker, JDE, & RightFax.  ? Install and configure desktop software; add, move and/or change computer systems as required.  ? Maintain user satisfaction by understanding user expectations, then responding and resolving problems in a timely manner.  ? Create, maintain, and configure NT user accounts and Microsoft exchange (email) accounts.  ? Deal with assignments in various stages of competition and in a fast-paced environment. Help Desk Tech Support Specialist II Troika Networks, Inc June 2001 to August 2001 ? Maintained operating efficiency for the company through the set-up, configuration and installation of network workstations and servers.  ? Improved employee communication by the set-up and maintenance of NT / 2000 servers and email accounts.  ? Provided end-user data and voice training for new employees, decreasing assimilation time.  ? Eliminated the threat of data loss through storage of weekly backup tapes offsite.  ? Continued all responsibilities from the previous two positions while assuming new responsibilities. IT Technician Troika Networks, Inc April 2000 to May 2001 ? Maintained, analyzed, troubleshot, and repaired computer systems, hardware and installed computer peripherals.  ? Documented, maintained, upgraded or replaced hardware and software systems.  ? Supported and maintained user account information including rights, security and systems groups.  ? Setup and configured new desktop and laptop computers for employees.  ? Account and database administrator for Goldmine software - Sales & Marketing Front Office.  ? Liaison between Troika Networks and outside IT vendors for parts, service and support. IT Technician - Temp Troika Networks, Inc December 1999 to March 2000 ? Performed software installation and desktop troubleshooting.  ? Limited setup of new computer systems.  ? Facilitated and maintained the data centers daily back-up tapes.  ? Replenished paper, toner and supplies as well as other IT related items for company. Education Bachelor's in Environmental Science University of California - Riverside, CA Skills See Additional Information below for special training and skills Certifications/Licenses CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional) Certification – In Process In Process Additional Information CORE COMPETENCIES    • Excellent verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills. Works effectively across all levels of the organization, including executive leaders  • Self-motivated and organized with strong technical documentation and presentation skills  • Strong customer/user service with an analytical and problem-solving attitude  • Ability to manage multiple high priority initiatives in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment    • Experienced and effective vendor management portfolio  • IT Service, Data Security and Disaster Recovery Management expert  • IT Strategy, Budget Planning and Project Management of new product implementations.    Technical Skills  Microsoft Windows, Active Directory (Azure) and Group Policies, ITIL Methodologies, Expert level knowledge of MS Office Suite, Lotus Notes, Share Point, Outlook and other end user software packages, TCP/ IP protocols and networking architectures, ERP systems-JD Edwards, Oracle, SAP, Cisco VPN, Client-Remote Desktop, Anti-Virus - Spyware & Ad-aware removal (McAfee, Trend Micro, Malwarebytes, Symantec), Two factor Authentication (okta), Single Sign-on (SSO), Fortinet Security Gateways (Web & email), SIEM monitoring, Privilege Management, Encryption, Wireless Network connectivity, Printer / copier / Scan stations, Enterprise technologies from ZOHO / ManageEngine, MDM (AirWatch), Varonis Data Security and File Sync / Storage (NAS, SaaS)    Additional Training  Security + Certified – ComTIA -- 2014  Management Skills Training – American Management Association – 2012  Process Communication Model – Spencer, Shenk, Capers & Associates -- 2012  ITIL Training – ITSM Academy – 2007 (Renewed 2011)  EXCEL Pivot Tables Training – American Management Association – 2011  Business Writing Training – Diamond Technologies – 2009  Server Administration Training -- 2004  Systems Management Server Training -- 2004  MS Active Directory Training --2003  Lotus Notes R5 – Training -- 2003