Senior IT Security Analyst Senior <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Reading, PA A hardworking, highly technical, enthusiastic Senior IT Security Analyst that has a strong drive for Cyber Security, learning, working with others and getting results that directly tie back to mitigating risk to the business. The most senior analyst on the team with over 10 years of hard won Cybersecurity experience in the field and the go-to person for many other teams when seeking outside opinion, help in solving deep technical issues and for help in architecting new designs both small and global in scope. Very passionate about researching cost saving initiatives either via custom automation (PowerShell/Bash scripting, etc.), re-tooling, more effectively utilizing existing products or living off the land with features and services already on the OS or devices where it makes sense to do so. For references from a CIO, a manager to multiple highly technical engineers and analysts from a diverse set of companies, please do not  hesitate to ask. Work Experience Senior IT Security Analyst Penske Truck Leasing January 2009 to Present Promoted from an IT Security Analyst to a Senior IT Security Analyst in 2017 due to dedication, technical expertise and having gone above and beyond on several occasions, including taking a week of personal vacation time to further help and mentor a partner  company that was continuing to have critical IT issues adversely affecting them. Primarily responsible for securing five separate business  units around the globe with over 40,000 associates, 18,000 workstations and roughly 2,000 servers and worked on countless projects, rollouts and issues. Led PCI compliance and remediation tracking including quarterly scanning from our QSV and performed the review  of our annual SAQ. Welcomed opportunities to learn from respected colleagues and embraced opportunities to teach/mentor new and existing team members whenever possible. Led and organized many large, highly-visible, potentially risky and highly technical projects,  such as:    • SSL Intercept: Rolled out proxy decryption capabilities cautiously and without negatively impacting the business  • Major Upgrades and/or Full Implementations: Blue Coat Proxies, Cisco ACS, RSA, F5 APM, Tenable SecurityCenter, Splunk, etc.  • Global Vulnerability Scanning: Deployed carefully- also without negative impact to the business (tested IoT devices carefully)  • McAfee and CrowdStrike Rollout to All Machines Globally: Rolled out gradually and prudently with no major adverse events IT Consultant X-Stream Leadership Group May 2005 to August 2019 Moved them off of their old Microsoft SSTP VPN/file server (single point of failure for multiple reasons) and on to Office 365 with OneDrive. Help with troubleshooting general network and PC related issues and worked on an as-needed basis. Instructor Berks Technical Institute October 2015 to December 2015 Really wanted to give back by teaching others who were eager to learn. Took this job as a night instructor and taught a Network+ course and had plans to teach Security+ thereafter. Resigned after one semester, due to new governmental regulations for tech schools that  would have doubled my hours and had undesirable impacts on my work-life balance. Feel free to reach out to Berks Tech if desired. Datacom Engineer Cisco November 2004 to January 2009 Primarily in a troubleshooting role for routing and switching, and setting up networks for new locations as well as setting standards and templates for networking gear. Learned how to quickly isolate and resolve network related issues, and worked on external and internal  DNS infrastructure (VitalQIP and now Infoblox and F5 GTM). Firm grasp of DNS from work experience and from setting up a personal in- home Bind 9 server during this time. Furthered knowledge of Cisco internetworking, wireless, voice and Cisco firewalls during personal  time by taking additional classes (some via Cisco Network Academy). Performed additional labs at home between DSL and cable  connections to further solidify understanding of site-to-site IPsec tunnels and gain additional troubleshooting experience. IT Helpdesk Technician Penske Truck Leasing July 2003 to October 2004 Quickly learned the job and demonstrated good customer service and excelled at resolving calls on first contact rather than passing to another tier. Maintained a pleasant and patient attitude even when working with some less than cooperative end users.  Certifications, Training and Education    Certifications Education Associates Degree in Networking/Internet Professional Berks Technical Institute 2003 Skills CISCO ASA, IDS, NESSUS, PCI, SNORT, Security, Cisco Certifications/Licenses SANS 511 GMON Certified #2183 (Active) June 2019 to June 2023 CISSP October 2016 to October 2019 Certified Information Systems Security Professional