Jr. Security Analyst Jr. <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Hoover, AL Seeking a challenging opportunity where I can utilize my educational background, strong  security and forensic skills that will enable me to grow personally and professionally. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Jr. Security Analyst Naztec International Group, LLC - West Palm Beach, FL September 2017 to December 2017 Manage and monitor ArcSight SIEM tool that aid in monitoring security event and help in prevention, detection, and correlation  Serve as a member of the team responsible for developing Security Incident Response Plan  Collaborate with level 2 team and subject matter experts to identify and resolve security issues  Performed Vulnerability assessments using Qualys and Nessus  Drive the remediation efforts for security incidents  Document/communicate findings (case management) and after-action reports  Analyze and report on actionable threat intelligence Document Controller / IT Auditor Ferris State University - Big Rapids, MI January 2016 to May 2017 Defining product configuration and control manufacturing processes.  Collected and maintained files of the latest revision level documentation.  Assisted in the maintenance of the user requirement specifications.  Assisted with file migrations and audits, and perform administrative tasks as needed using Content Central.  Maintained databases of documentation that ensures fast retrieval of documents using MS SQL 2014.   Established compatibility with third party software by developing programs for modification and integration using Java.  Supported management through risk identification, control testing and process improvement procedures.  Assisted in the preparation of audit project deliverables (i.e., reports, memos, presentations).  Ensured organizational standards, governance and practices for the company's IT general controls are in compliance with NIST standards. Software Developer Intern Abterminal Software Solutions - Hyderabad, Telangana December 2014 to July 2015 Eight months internship as an application developer and content developer intern.  Assisted in compiling software data protection and security guidelines in developing a payment portal.  Assisted with the analysis, design, development, testing and documentation of new software solutions.  Assisted in developing and designing framework for job portal web application.  Assisted in designing and coding client web application using HTML5 and Adobe Dreamweaver.  Configuring software development tools as required by the organization  Debugged and modified software components using Eclipse.  Worked effectively with design teams to ensure software solutions elevated client side experience.  Modified existing software to correct errors, upgrade interfaces and improve performance.  Analyze, design and support implementation of business-specific Pega solutions and frameworks for clients.  Responsible for implementing technical solutions on Pega 7.1 for clients. Education Master of Science in Information Security and Intelligence Ferris State University - Big Rapids, MI August 2015 to May 2017 Bachelor's in Computer Science and Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh September 2011 to May 2015 Skills SECURITY (1 year), LINUX (Less than 1 year), ADOBE AFTER EFFECTS (Less than 1 year), ADOBE PHOTOSHOP (Less than 1 year), AFTER EFFECTS (Less than 1 year), Penetration Testing, Digital Forensics, Microsoft Office, SQL server, Oracle 11G, Project Management, HTML 5, C, Java, ArcSight, Active Directory, Nessus, Nikto, FTK 6, Encase, Wireshark, Nmap, Firewalls, Metasploit, mobile forensics Awards Summa Cum Laude Honors 2017-05 Recipient of Summa Cum Laude Honors for graduating with a Master's degree with a perfect 4.0 C.G.P.A. Certifications/Licenses Advance Studies in Incident Response May 2017 to Present Additional Information Wireshark, Nmap, Metasploit, Snort, MS SQL Server (2012/2014/2016), Oracle 11g, John the Ripper, Nessus, OpenVas, Nikto, Grabber, Tableau, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, Meterpreter, Armitage, Maltego, ArcSight, Nexpose, MS Excel, MS Visio, Adobe After Effects, Shadow Dragon, PuTTY, Burp Suite, Aircrackng, Adobe Photoshop, Corel, Sony Vegas, Adobe Dreamweaver, Sqlninja, Arachni, Kismet, EnCase 6, EnCase 7, FTK 6, Eclipse, Content Central, FTK Imager, PRTK, XSSer, LANs, WANs, VPN, TCP/IP, Firewalls, IP Tables.