Sales Administration Sales Administration My objective is to advance my career in administration while providing quality solutions for my employer. Manteca, CA 11 years of experience in Office Administration and Customer Support between small to medium business and large companies.    9 years of experience in Information Technology in small to medium businesses.    Familiar with onsite and remote support environments.    Recognizes the importance of record keeping processes and usage of CRM and ERP systems.    Knowledge of Windows, Linux, and Mac OS environments, Microsoft Office, and Adobe applications.    Good time management, training, analytical, testing, and customer service skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Sales Administration Abaxis/Zoetis - Union City, CA November 2017 to Present Processing Sales Orders that are coming in from the field. Responsible for supporting the southeast and northeast U.S. territories by proving supplies and equipment to sales reps and diagnostics technicians. Data entry, and making sure records are up to date/correct. Following FDA regulations that pertains to animal health. Technical Support Engineer VoIP Integration - Brentwood, CA June 2015 to May 2017 Customer Support, and Software testing. Tested software for bugs & functionality with Cisco Call Manager, Cisco Unity Connection, Cisco Emergency Responder, and Contact Center Express. Created and updated documentation for the company's software. Provided customer support, and administration for Cisco Phone systems. Internet Security Analyst FraudWatch International - Brentwood, CA July 2012 to June 2015 Provided brand protection services for clients using various tools and heuristics to locate phishing, malware, brand abuse, impersonation, and other fraudulent websites. Coordinated with site owners, hosting providers, and registrars to remove offending content within SLA times. Kept detailed records of incidents via a CRM system in order to identify repeat or malicious offenders. Customer and Tech Support Agent Syabas Technology - Fremont, CA January 2011 to October 2011 Customer Service and Technical Support roles. Provided technical support for end user of company products. Use of CRM system, processed customer RMA's. IT Manager Bay Tool and Supply - Milpitas, CA June 2008 to January 2011 Oversaw the company's IT Infrastructure over the span of 3 branches. Did local and remote technical support. Performed backups, website maintenance, and configured email accounts. Responsible for tracking IT assets. Designed marketing materials for sales personnel. Education Certificate of Completion Blytheco Sage University November 2008 Certificate of Completion in Inventory Management Acuity Solutions Sage University September 2008 Studied in Information Technology Ohlone Community College - Fremont, CA August 2004 to 2008