Programmer Analyst II Programmer <span class="hl">Analyst</span> II PROGRAMMER ANALYST/SYSTEMS ANALYST/APPLICATION ANALYST Kirkland, WA A software and services professional with substantial experience providing application and system support to both development and production environments. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Programmer Analyst II Costco Wholesale - Issaquah, WA October 2014 to Present Programmer Analyst assigned to multi-team project tasked with modernizing Costco's supply chain management by delivering a new warehouse management system using the JDA WMS application suite. Duties and responsibilities include:    SAP Basis - Jul 2017 - present:     JDA WMS Analyst - Oct 2014 - Jul 2017:     ·       JDA applications installation and administration  ·       Environment planning, delivery and support (SDLC)  ·       Application system administration (Linux)  ·       Application database administration (Oracle)  ·       Virtualization  Hotfix & code deployment    Keywords: Redhat Linux, Oracle 12c, JDA WMS/WLMS EMS, JGroups toolkit, MOCA, VMWARE, PUTTY, ALM, TOAD, Filezilla, Lextedit, UDeploy, MobaXterm, SQL, Puppet, BSI Software Support Engineer Ricoh InfoPrint - Boulder, CO June 2013 to Present • Provided support for an application suite of data transforms for a variety of platforms (Windows, AIX, Linux, HP/UX, Solaris, z/OS)  • Support customer requests and investigate issues directly by email and phone or through a related 3rd party.  • Processed requests for trial software, license keys, new installs, upgrades, font mapping (maps and metric files), application usage, licensing and interface questions (CMOD, ODWEK, Java api)  • Performed root cause analysis of problems and issues using local test area and test tools, the transform version and OS type, AFP data files, AFP resource files, transform configuration files (e.g. options file, image map file), dump files, and output files, screenshots and/or a detailed description of the problem, Troubleshooting/customer conference calls, Transform related configuration files (CMOD - e.g. afp2pdf.ini), Transform related parameter files (arswww.ini) or the parameter values (CMOD) and Trace files related to the invocation of the transform (CMOD/ODWEK)    Keywords: AFP transforms, fonts, CMOD, ODWEK, AVE, Compart Viewer, Safenet, EMS, SVN, Jenkins, System backups (TSM, Acronis), Systems administration (Linux, Solaris, AIX, HP/UX, z/OS, W2K3), C/C++, Java, FTP, SSH, Agile, SDLC, SCCS, Siebel IS Security Analyst IBM Global Business Services/Global Technical Services - Boulder, CO March 2007 to April 2013 IS Security Analyst - IBM SOC:  • Performed multiple assigned technical tasks including monitoring, analysis, policy tuning and systems administration  • Monitoring and Threat Analysis - evaluated events from UC (Unified console) according to source, destination, rule, signature and type of alert (probe/scan, malware, trend analysis) and the log data to determine its status.  • Policy tuning - initiated policy changes (enable/disable signatures, create filters) either by customer request or by IBM SOC recommendation based on information obtained from UC queries, SiteProtector and XPS logs.  • Systems Administration - managed the devices from the Linux (CLI or scripts), LMI and/or SiteProtector.    Network Administrator - USCIS TOMIS Network Operation Center:  • Monitored USCIS network traffic both CONUS and OCONUS  • Created and tracked cases  • Provided remote administration of routers and switches  • Work with 3rd-party vendors to ensure server integrity not impacted by network-related issues  • Notified Help Desk and dependent organizations of any network outages and serve as focal point for resolution efforts in accordance with any SLAs.    Keywords: Remedy, SiteProtector, Unified Console, Cisco Security Manager, Proventia IDS/IPS, HIDS, NIDS, Linux, Nagios, Shell scripting, SSH, Excel, XML, LMI, CLI, Netcool, Cisco routers & switches, CatOS, Cisco IOS, Ciscoworks, Remedy IT Specialist Department of Defense (DoD) - Dayton, OH June 2005 to March 2007 IT Specialist in the Network Control Center  • IT Specialist responsible for the installation, configuration, and support of operating systems, servers, databases, and application software, as well as network hardware and printers.  • Managed and monitored user accounts, Internet access, file sharing, and IP addressing. Implement network security measures.  • Performed hardware and software upgrades, ensuring functional continuity and backward compatibility.  • Ensured timely and redundant system backups.  • Maintained vigilant monitoring of system performance, data integrity, and component interoperability.  • Identified and addressed technical issues and user problems.  • Created scripts to automate day-to-day tasks and to provide remote administration capability    Keywords: W2K, W2K3, XP, Exchange 5.5, IIS, Blackberry, McAfee Firewall Enterprise (SideWinder), SQL Server 2000, SiteProtector, Windows scripting (WSL, ADSI, WMI, VB), What's Up Gold, WSUS, Cisco 2900/3000/4000, Dell PowerEdge servers, Dell desktops, NetBackup, CLI Application Systems Analyst Cohesia Corporation - Mason, OH July 2004 to April 2005 Led the product support efforts for the company's flagship Web based software application MASS.  • Coordinated requests, established policies and procedures, selected support tools, and utilized a range of internal systems for technical issue resolution.  • Built the application installers for the database, application, and documentation components.  • Created the product CDs, tested point releases, assessed patches, and developed application workarounds.    Keywords: Unix, Apache, Solaris 9.2, WebLogic Server 8.1, Oracle 9i, Orbix E2A 5.1, SQL, PL/SQL, Java, XML, Gear Pro DVD 6.0, InstallAnywhere, W2K, SDLC Sr. Application Systems Analyst Convergys IMG - Cincinnati, OH 1997 to 2003 Sr. Systems Analyst working for the Atlys/P2K business unit responsible for providing UNIX and middleware administration and application support for a large-scale 3-tier client-server OLTP CRM and billing systems hosted in the Convergys data center for companies such as Sprint PCS, Triton PCS, and AT&T Wireless.  • Administered and supported Sun Solaris systems including troubleshooting the operating systems, software/hardware issues, performance tuning and capacity planning.  • Responded to system alerts and pages from the data center operations group and client assistance.  • Investigated and monitored system issues using tools such as BMC Patrol, Tuxedo/WebLogic CLI, monitoring scripts/daemons setup in crontab and/or used ad hoc.  • Developed and customized PERL and Korn shell scripts for system monitoring and automation.  • Planned and installed new code releases and fixes (packages or patches) for Convergys' proprietary CRM and billing system called ATLYS.  • Detected, analyzed, reported, resolved ATLYS application, UNIX (Sun Solaris), Oracle problems and provided corrective action.  • Deployed ATLYS application in the production, test, pre-production and training Keywordss.  • Provided on-going ATLYS application support on BEA Tuxedo, BEA WebLogic, CORBA, IBM WebSphere and J2EE platforms  • Setup and modified Tuxedo/WebLogic servers, including Tuxedo/WebLogic Keywords variables, configuration files, security settings, and /WS clients.  • Configured Tuxedo/WebLogic for Multiple-Machine and Multiple Domains. Use command line Tuxedo/WebLogic administration tools.  • Installed, maintained and monitored ATLYS application, two web-based applications, and SUN Solaris systems including servers, GUIs, scripts and daemon processes.  • Queried Oracle database schemas (2) using SQL/SQL Plus to retrieve reference, customer and usage data.  • Interacted with Client, Third-party vendors, and internal organizations such as developers, DBA staff, testers, production support teams, operations, client assistance and other SA team members during outage situations.  • Maintained Service Level Agreements (SLA) and provided 24/7 on-call support for production Keywords that includes pager call-outs.  • Trained analyst staff.  • Investigated and provided root cause analysis in resolving application issues.  • Coordinated and participated in Disaster Recovery projects and Hardware lease expiration activities.  • Performed in a Project Management, Change Management and Problem Management roles in support of the production environments.    Keywords: Sun Enterprise 4500 6500 10000, Solaris 8, Oracle 8.0, Unix, Tuxedo 6.5, WebLogic Enterprise 5.1, WebSphere, BMC Patrol, Perl, Shell scripting, SQL, ActiView, LightBridge, Atlys/P2K, C++, Java, SDLC Programmer Analyst I Reynolds and Reynolds CSD - Dayton, OH 1990 to 1997 Programmer/ Analyst working for System Software Development, Systems Integration and the Configuration Management/Systems Verification departments within the ERA development group.    Responsibilities and tasks included programming, SCCS and UNIX systems administration.  • Managed the 30+ UNIX systems and the LAN supporting development, testing, and configuration management.  • Monitored network and system performance.  • Installed and maintained the UNIX systems.  • Installed the operating system, application, and database software.  • Managed user accounts, host security, IP addressing, system backups, hardware and software upgrades, parts and equipment inventory  • Executed software builds for ERA patches and releases  • Created programs and shell scripts    Keywords: NCR/SGI/HP/Pyramid Systems Administration, Shell scripting, Perl, C, Novell, Windows 9x NT, SCCS, ClearCase Administration, SDLC Education BS in Information Technology Strayer University 2002 Electronic Engineering Technology Sinclair Community College 1985 Skills Javascript, Java