GIS Information Security & Audit Compliance Manager GIS Information <span class="hl">Security</span> &amp; Audit Compliance Manager Kalamazoo, MI Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience GIS Information Security & Audit Compliance Manager Whirlpool Corporation - Benton Harbor, MI Present Active participation in the Corporate information security policy lifecycle including policy creation, maintenance, decommissioning, monitoring, enforcement and exception/waiver management process.    Active participation in processes Continuous Improvement using lean and A3 thinking, which resulted in eliminating waste in processes around IT SOX testing, Metrics, network security changes, policy waivers/exceptions, IoT products delivery, and more streamlined and detailed security requirements for project managers.    Performed the actual IT SOX Testing on Network Security, and Security Operations controls.     Provided Security Consultation and assessment of information security risks for new projects and non-standard IT requests based on the data classification, design, and technology architectures.     Reviewed requests for network security changes, sites whitelisting, email whitelisting, VPN access, and site to site tunnel configuration, to ensure their compliance with the corporate policy and standards.    Planned, designed, and developped the team metrics with charts and live dynamically updated information using google appscript, forms, sheets, slides and sites; The CISO uses this documentum to provide weekly and monthly reports to the upper management.     Worked on internal projects involving Vormetric encryption at rest for classified data and and maintained oversight over the corporate web presence e-commerce related projects.    Reviewed and assessed the security requirements of call centers pbx migration to the cloud. Information Security Analyst Advisory The Bank of Nova Scotia - Toronto, ON February 2011 to May 2016 Responsibilities    Management and monitoring of security policy enforcement and deployment of security products like Proventia Desktop, Tanium, McAfee ePO, VirusScan, Host Intrusion Prevention, Rogue System Detection, Endpoint Encryption, and Websense Data Loss prevention for 12 000 endpoints.    Coordinating investigation and reporting of security incidents, and organizing cross-functional team meetings to remediate previously identified security risks and close out pending action plan items.    Monitoring, assessing, managing and obtain approvals from directors and VPSs on corrective actions to the business continuity and disaster recovery program and contribution to information security projects designed to protect company information assets.    Management, and participation in the information security policy lifecycle including policy creation, maintenance, and decommission, policy exception/waiver management process and policy change requests.    Providing Security Consultation and assessment of information security risks for new projects and non-standard IT requests using risk assessment methodologies based on provided application, data, and technology architectures.    Creation and management of Server Hardening scripts and processes in accordance with industry and Scotiabank standards, and responsibility/accountability for awareness activities and monitoring compliance with company security policy and applicable law.    Active lead role in vulnerability management, and remediations.     Active participation in internal projects involving global identity and asset management, and assisting the project manager in specific tasks requiring processing data for over 9000 users.    Active participation in managing, and securing powerful privilege Ids and SQL SA Ids in a secure database.    Provision of cross functional liaison with product manager’s global implementation, systems development, operations processing to effect resolution of problems and product enhancement for Scotiabank Global Transaction Banking corporate, commercial and small business clients.     Management and Documentation of customer problems, solutions implemented, and escalation.    Communication of resolution and recovery procedures to all pertinent areas and follow up on success of applied solutions.    Participation in Internal departmental projects, including training; development of several job aids for resolution of problems on HP, Mac OSX and Windows XP, 7 and 8 platforms.    Active role in a 24x7 Information Security Response team. Bilingual Technical Support Analyst Royal Bank of Canada ( RBC ) - Toronto, ON February 2006 to April 2009 Responsibilities    Provided internal support to RBC employees on a variety of issues ranging from password resets and unlocks on the windows domain using NetIQ DRA, UNIX domains and IBM O/S390, O/S400, to mapping network drives, requesting access to network resources, LAN connectivity, Internet connectivity, VPN, SSL VPN, CITRIX, Operating systems, MS Office, Entrust, Peregrine, Tivoli, and financial software, like Thomson one, Berton and others.     Dispatch of on-site technicians to resolve hardware replacement issues like Printer replacement or installation of a new workstation.    Documentation of customer problems, solutions applied, escalation where applicable, and follow up on the success of the applied solutions.     Training of new employees, and participation in internal departmental projects, and management of proprietary software on the Common Operating Environment. Independent PC-Networking-Web & IT security Consultant Self-employed - Toronto, ON May 2002 to May 2006 Responsibilities    Resolution of operating systems, applications, and security problems.    File recovery, backups, virus/worm/adware/spyware removal     Resolution of LAN and internet problems/connectivity, wireless/Ethernet/High SpeedDSL, and Cable.    Web page design and development using PHP, JavaScript, and MySQL database; design of Perl script accessed Oracle or MySQL databases, SEO, metatags and Analytics.    Deployment of Apache web servers for personal website hosting.    Computer assembly, physical and wireless network installation, in addition to customer support, and technical support by phone and remote assistance software. Education Masters of Science in Information Technology University of Liverpool - Liverpool 2007 to 2010 Bachelor of Commerce in Business Administration Beirut Arab University - Beirut 1990 to 1994 Skills IP360 scanning and vulnerability management (5 years), Security (10+ years), threat risk assessment (8 years), Server Hardening and Tripwire CCM (5 years), nmap (4 years), metasploit (4 years), MS Office (10+ years), PHP (3 years), Veracode (2 years), ServiceNow (2 years), IP Control (2 years), Nexpose-Rapid7 (2 years), Google Docs (4 years), Archer (4 years), WPASS (2 years), Splunk (1 year) Awards ScotiaBank Best of The Best 2013-11 ScotiaBank Best of the Best 2015-11 Whirlpool Golden Lever Award 2018-07 Certifications/Licenses CISSP - Certified Information Systems Security Professional June 2015 to Present CISSP Certification from (ISC)2 is the Globally Recognized Gold Standard in Information Security.     The CISSP exam tests competence in 8 domains:     Security and Risk Management  Asset Security  Security Engineering  Communications and Network Security  Identity and Access Management  Security Assessment and Testing  Security Operations  Software Development Security CEH - Certified Ethical Hacking July 2015 to Present The CEH certification from EC Council significantly benefits security officers, auditors, security professionals, site administrators, and anyone who is concerned about the integrity of the network infrastructure. TOGAF - The Open Group Architecture Framework February 2015 to February 2018 The TOGAF® certification from the Open Group provides a clear path for professional development and credibility. It is the open Enterprise Architecture standard used by the world’s leading organizations to improve business efficiency. CompTIA - A+ Present CompTIA - Network+ Present CompTIA - i-Net+ ( Certification track retired ) Present CompTIA - Server+ Present CompTIA - Linux+ Present CCSP - Certified Cloud Security Professional August 2018 to August 2021 CCSP Certification from (ISC)2 is the Globally Recognized Gold Standard in Information Security.     The CCSP exam tests competence in 6 domains:    • Domain 1. Architectural Concepts & Design Requirements  • Domain 2. Cloud Data Security  • Domain 3. Cloud Platform & Infrastructure Security  • Domain 4. Cloud Application Security  • Domain 5. Operations  • Domain 6. Legal & Compliance Payment card industry - Internal Security Assessor PCI-ISA Present Payment Card Industry Professional - PCIP Present Additional Information Over 10 years experience in Information technology, Project Management, Administration, and Information Security.    Experience in IT regulation and compliance standards, such as SSAE-16/AT-101, ISO 27001/27002, and related NIST standards.    Proficiency in computer and network security, server hardening, vulnerability and patch management, antivirus, host intrusion preventions and forensics on different platforms using Sleuth Kit, WinHex, Holodeck, Sys internals, Wireshark and BackTrack.    Understanding of IT methodologies, such as software development lifecycle and operations.     Experience in using virtualization environments like Parallels, Virtual Box, and VMWare for black box Quality Assurance and testing tasks on different virtual machines running different Operating systems platforms, as well as white box code testing and debugging.     Computer Hardware Assembly, networking, configuration, upgrade, maintenance, troubleshooting, technical support and customer service.    mastery of Windows, Macintosh OSX, Red Hat Linux, and Solaris UNIX, operating systems installation, administration, and security.    Experience in Network LAN and WAN, Firewalls, Access controls, Authentication, Authorization, Encryption, IPS, Digital Certificates, SSL, VPN, IPSec, TCP/IP, DNS, Proxy services, and web security architecture.    Certified Microsoft Office suite specialist (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook), Access, Publisher, MS-Project 4.0, web browsers and e-mail clients.    Web design and development environment: FrontPage, HTML, PHP, SQL, MySQL Workbench PERL, Apache server, e-commerce, payment systems, webmaster tools like Google Analytics, Adsense and ad-words, SEO, Dublin core metadata; familiar with HBX Analytics, HBX Services   Professional, and Visual Site from Visual Sciences.     Adobe Photoshop CS Package, Acrobat, Open Office, and Open Workbench.