BLAN Tech Support BLAN Tech Support BLAN Tech Support - TenTek Inc Houston, TX Developing my professional skills in a productive manner with a professionally managed organization, contributing towards the growth of the organization as a part of the team becoming a creative member of society. Work Experience BLAN Tech Support TenTek Inc - Houston, TX November 2018 to Present *Currently contracted to Marathon Petroleum Corporation Galveston Bay Refinery.  Maintain IT infrastructure and resolve any hardware and software issues. Monitor Ticketing system for Field IT Support Break/Fix issues. Install and configure software on workstation including imaging of hard drives, Server Administrator for site printers/copiers with setup adding removing and repairs, setup sound and projection equipment for events. BLAN Tech Support Hewlitt Packard/DXC Technolgies - Houston, TX September 2015 to November 2018 *Currently contracted to Marathon Petroleum Corporation Galveston Bay Refinery.  Maintain IT infrastructure and resolve any hardware and software issues. Monitor Ticketing system for Field IT Support Break/Fix issues. Install and configure software on workstation including imaging of hard drives, Server Administrator for site printers/copiers with setup adding removing and repairs, setup sound and projection equipment for events. Security Officer ABM Security Services - Houston, TX June 2015 to September 2015 Maintain written reports of all incidents and activity while protecting life and property. Maintaining daily reports for activity and incidents. Security Officer Universal Protective Services - Houston, TX December 2014 to April 2015 Maintain written reports of all incidents and activity while protecting life and property. Maintaining daily reports for activity and incidents. IT Analyst II Houston Housing Authority - Houston, TX November 2013 to October 2014 Maintain IT infrastructure and resolve any hardware and software issues. Monitor Ticketing system for Field IT Support Break/Fix issues. Install and configure software on workstation including imaging of hard drives. Install Printer and mapping of printers in a network infrastructure, setup sound and projection equipment for events. IT Support ECOM Computer Consultants - Houston, TX August 2013 to August 2013 to August 2013  Maintain IT infrastructure and resolve any hardware and software issues. Monitor Ticketing system for Field IT Support Break/Fix issues. Install and configure software on workstation including imaging of hard drives. IT Support 2 Wheel Toyz - Houston, TX July 2013 to August 2013 Maintain IT infrastructure and any hardware and software updates. Monitor network connectivity production and assist in trouble areas on a daily basis. Wireless Network Operator ERF Wireless - League City, TX June 2013 to July 2013 Monitor, manage, and troubleshoot an extensive Network. Assist customers in new router setup and static IP assignment to their router. Notify NOC of any foreseeable network issue that suddenly happens. Linux System Administrator Hostgator - Houston, TX May 2010 to December 2012 To resolve server issues, software setup problems, and DNS problems in both a Windows 2003, 2008 and a Linux Server (Redhat, CentOS, Fedora, Debian flavors) environment. Fix applications of Microsoft and Linux server, Apache, MySQL, PHP Configurations, IIS, and various email issues including many email server programs (Exim, Sendmail, MS Exchange). Manage and repair control panel such as cPanel and Plesk. Monitor servers in the network system on a daily basis. Check for memory or hard drive failures and support re-imaging drive if needed. Technical Support Specialist The Planet, Inc - Houston, TX May 2007 to October 2009 To resolve server issues, software setup problems, and DNS problems in both a Windows 2003, 2008 and a Linux Server (Redhat, CentOS, Fedora, Debian flavors) environment. Fix applications on Microsoft and Linux server, Apache, MySQL, PHP Configurations, IIS, and various email issues including many email server programs (Exim, Sendmail, MS Exchange). Manage and repair control panel such as cPanel and Plesk. Monitor servers in the network system on a daily basis. Check for memory or hard drive failures and support re-imaging drive if needed. Computer Technician / Administrator Omega Alpha House - Houston, TX May 2005 to June 2009 Work on operating system of the computers in the business by conducting a check of the hard drive for errors in events logs and a virus / adware scans. Setup network systems, repair and/or replace hardware in desktop and laptop computers, provide computer advice as needed. Check for memory failures by running a memory test scan and hard drive failures running a drive scans. Replacing hardware by imaging the drive for replacement. Setup and manage network wired/wireless system. Computer Technician / Network Administrator Glen's Computer & Software Installations - Dickinson, TX May 2003 to May 2009 Work on operating systems of customer's computer by conducting a check of the hard drive for errors in events and a virus and adware scans. Setup network systems for customers, repair and/or replace hardware in desktop and laptop computers, provide computer advice to customers. Check for memory failures by running a memory test scan and hard drive failures running a check drive scan and replacing by imaging the drive to a new drive for replacement. Security Host Space Center Houston - Houston, TX June 1995 to April 2007 Maintain written reports of all incidents and activity while protecting life and property. Entering daily reports into the database using Microsoft Access. I created database reports for injuries and accident reports in Microsoft Access. Computer Technician / Administrator Smart Mortgages - Houston, TX March 2003 to August 2004 Work on operating systems of computers by conducting a check of the hard drive for errors in events logs and a virus and adware scans. Setup network systems, repair and/or replace hardware in desktop and laptop computers, provide computer advice as needed. Check for memory failures by running a memory test scan and hard drive failures running a drive scan and replacing hardware by imaging the drive for replacement. Setup VPN from Corpus Christy to Houston for inter-office network. Education Bachelor's in Information Security Systems ITT Technical Institute - Webster, TX June 2006 to December 2010 Skills Help Desk, Desktop Support, Active Directory, Service Desk