IT Manager / HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer <span class="hl">IT</span> Manager / HIPAA Privacy and <span class="hl">Security</span> Officer IT Manager / HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer Fruitland Park, FL To utilize my network, security, administration, and Health Care expertise in support of a dynamic, forward-thinking organization to ensure continuity of business and regulatory compliance while maintaining a very strict level of Patient Safety and Well Being. Work Experience IT Manager / HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer Wells Pharmacy Network May 2017 to October 2018 • Responsible for all network administration, security, hardware and software installations and upgrades, hardware purchasing, repair and maintenance, and network cabling for new installations, and help desk support for 175+ employees across 3 locations.  • HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer  • Responsible for writing and enforcing computer, network and Internet policies pertaining to the usage and security of the practice owned computer systems.  • Responsible for maintaining employee identification badges, building access cards and building access system.  • Part of the Emergency Response Team responsible for helping to write, maintain and test emergency response operations in the event of security, environmental, hazardous and physical emergencies pertaining to the operational and business continuity processes of the facilities. Senior Project Manager / Chief Information Security Officer HealthLens 2012 to 2014 • Responsible for managing all projects related to a busy Health Care hosting provider and consulting company that specializes in the installation, configuration, and training in the use of Electronic Medical Records. Specialized in Process Improvement, Revenue Cycle Optimization and Billing Optimization as well as Cloud Hosting and help desk activities related to using the EMR systems.  • Provide consulting services to practices that need Privacy and Security training, HIPAA training, Security Risk Analysis Services, Policy and Procedure Manual creation, and all other network security training and services.  • Provide HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer Services to numerous multiple provider practices throughout the state of Massachusetts.  • Provide consultation services for practices attempting to qualify and achieve Meaningful Use for the CMS Meaningful Use Incentive program. Senior Clinical Analyst / Chief Information Security Officer University of Central Florida 2010 to 2012 2010-2012  * HIPAA Privacy and Security Lead providing HIPAA expertise to providers and the Regional Extension Center program.  * Active Advisory Board member for the CMS REC HITREC Privacy and Security Communities of Practice (CoP) group  * Regional Extension Center representative to CMS planning and strategy summit in Detroit MI with CMS for the purpose of defining Regional Extension Center directives and goals Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) Pennsylvania Gastroenterology Consultants - Camp Hill, PA 2003 to 2009 * Responsible for all phases of information security and HIPAA Compliance in a successful six physician full service gastroenterology Ambulatory Surgical Center.  * Performed all phases of transferring the practice from paper charts to an Electronic Medical Records system. Performed all phases of the transition from the initial EMR choice, planning, installation, setup, training, hardware installation, network design and installation, physical cabling, testing and startup problem resolution.  * Responsible for transitioning from a tape-based transcription system to a system using Dragon Naturally Speaking Medical to allow providers to dictate directly into patient charts saving thousands of dollars.  * Custom designed a system enable the direct uploading of endoscopic procedure images to patient charts  * Performed all network administration, security, hardware and software installations and upgrades, hardware purchasing, repair and maintenance, network cabling for new installations, and help desk support for 35 employees, 70 computers and 5 servers.  * Installation, maintenance, and training of a centralized faxing system to fax records and documents directly from the EMR system.  * Responsible for setting up and overseeing the process to scan and upload paper patient charts into our Electronic Medical Records System  * Responsible for design, upkeep, and maintenance of the PAGIConsultants.com website and getting the site to the top 5 ranking on major search engines for Gastroenterology practices in the Harrisburg PA area.  * Responsible for HIPAA testing and training of new employees and continuing education in order to maintain HIPAA compliance.  * Responsible for writing and maintaining HIPAA compliance policies and manuals.  * HIPAA Privacy and Security Officer responsible for fielding patient complaints pertaining to patient records and possible HIPAA violations.  * Responsible for writing and enforcing computer, network and Internet policies pertaining to the usage and security of the practice owned computer systems.  * Maintained employee identification badges, building access cards and building access system. Education York County Area Vocational Technical School - York, PA 1976 to 1978 Certificate in Health Informatics Lake Sumter Community College - Leesburg, FL Skills Microsoft Office 365 (3 years), Microsoft Operating Systems (10+ years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Adobe Acrobat (10+ years), Customer Service, Word, Security, Organizational Skills Certifications/Licenses CISSP August 2004 to August 2019 Certified Information Systems Security Professional CHP Present Certified HIPAA Professional CHSS Present Certified HIPAA Security Specialist