Forensics Analyst Forensics <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Forensics Analyst - DIGITAL FORENSICS CORPORATION Eastlake, OH Work Experience Forensics Analyst DIGITAL FORENSICS CORPORATION - Cleveland, OH August 2018 to Present • Preserves and analyzes data from electronic data sources, including computers, servers, and mobile devices, ensuring that the evidential integrity of the data is not compromised.   • Conducts Remote Acquisitions to obtain data from devices needed for forensic investigations.  • Reports detailed findings in preparation for review by clients, investigators, prosecutors, or legal counsel, explaining complex technical concepts to nontechnical people. Senior IT Specialist DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY - Rock Island, IL July 2016 to July 2018 • Served as Senior Information Technology ( IT) Project Manager, Technical Advisor and IT Consultant for various mission related and organizational level projects.  • Served as a Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Coordinator.  • Maintained a broad knowledge of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) which included recommendations in hardening the security posture of many information systems.  • Provided advice and assistance regarding security aspects of processing, storage, retrieval, transmission, and access concerning classified and unclassified information.  • Served as a Contracting Officer Representative (COR) which included reviews and composed scope of work, performance work statements, and numerous purchasing/contractor related documents.  • Prepared budget and investment planning process input for Senior Leaders.  • Developed recommendations for system improvement/automation.  • Coordinated/recommended manpower and specifications for program applications, development, and enhancements.  • Made recommendations to improve capabilities of organizational mission business processes. Information Systems Security Officer FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION - Oklahoma City, OK June 2009 to March 2014 • Worked with constituent groups to create, document, implement, and manage policies, procedures, and practices that ensured the availability, integrity, and privacy of information asset on centrally managed computer systems.  • Analyzed problems to develop solutions involving computer hardware and software.  • Reviewed the development, testing and implementation of security plans, products and controls techniques.  • Identified and assessed IT security risk/ exposure on new and existing infrastructure.  • Investigated and recommended appropriate corrective actions for IT security incidents.  • Developed and maintained security policies, controls and compliance.  • Analyzed security incidents and escalation of security events.  • Studied the proliferation of viruses to prevent hacker intrusion.  • Conducted active penetration tests and discovered vulnerabilities in information systems.  • Prepared on-line and hard-copy documentation of security plans and procedures.  • Maintained expertise in security-related technologies, trends, issues, and solutions.  • Planed and coordinated information security investigations, feasibility studies, and surveys, to include cost-benefit evaluations of proposed and existing security solutions.  • Participated in the planning and implementation of hardware and software.  • Maintained a broad knowledge of state-of-the-art information technology security equipment, and systems. Aircraft Fuel Supervisor AIRCRAFT SERVICES INTERNATIONAL GROUP - Atlanta, GA December 2008 to June 2009 • Determined schedules, sequences, and assignments for work activities, based on work priority, quantity of equipment and skill of personnel.  • Monitored employees' work levels and reviewed work performance.  • Monitored tool and part inventories and the condition and maintenance of shops to ensure adequate working conditions.  • Investigated accidents and injuries, and prepared reports of findings.  • Tested faulty equipment to diagnose malfunctions, using test equipment and software, and applying knowledge of the functional operation of electronic units and systems.  • Kept records of maintenance and repair work.  • Inspected, diagnosed, maintained, and conducted test setups and equipment to detect malfunctions.  • Recorded and interpreted test data on parts, assemblies, and mechanisms.  • Adjusted, repaired or replaced faulty components of test setups and equipment. Web/Data Analyst TINA'S TOUCH CLEANING SERVICES - San Antonio, TX July 2005 to December 2008 • Modified existing databases and directed programmers and analysts to make changes.  • Planed, coordinated and implemented security measures to safeguard information against accidental or unauthorized damage, modification or disclosure.  • Analyzed user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints.  • Expanded or modified systems to serve new purposes or improve work flow.  • Maintained needed files by adding and deleting files on the network server and backing up files to guarantee their safety in the event of problems with the network. Signals Intelligence Analyst UNITED STATES AIR FORCE - San Antonio, TX April 2004 to July 2005 • Maintained and administered computer networks including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.  • Diagnosed and resolved hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replaced defective components when necessary.  • Communicated with receiving operators in order to exchange transmission instructions. Education Bachelor of Science in Information Technlogy UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX - Phoenix, AZ October 2014 to Present Skills Desktop Support, It Specialist, Help Desk, Comptia, Information Technology Military Service Branch: United States Air Force Rank: A1C Certifications/Licenses Security+ September 2017 to September 2020