IAM Business Analyst IAM Business <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Information Technology - Cyber Security Analyst , Net+, Sec+ Columbus, OH Over twenty years of professional experience in Banking & Global Information Technologies with Banking, the U.S. Department of Defense and Corporate Operations. Technical knowledge encompasses multiple software products. Commitment to first time resolutions, assisting businesses saving time and money. Exceptional communication skills with new technologies, training others, and volunteering as a subject matter expert Work Experience IAM Business Analyst J.P. Morgan Chase & Co (through AIC) - Columbus, OH October 2018 to March 2019 IT Consultant working in Identity Access Management with high security access. Collaborating with multiple lines of business whom are generating requests for enhancements, security changes or modifications. Project management with Scrum/Agile processes with developers and stakeholders to build workflows, configure project scope and conduct stakeholder meetings and telepresence calls. Communicating to teams using Visio charts, minutes, calendars, and project status emails.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Created Sharepoint repository directories with over 20 how-to documents for BA team  * Helped to initiate RSAM2.0 kickoff teams and meetings  * Created flowcharts and presentations for current and future intiatives IT Security Analyst (through Collabera) United Airlines - Chicago, IL December 2017 to July 2018 IT Consultant - Cyber Crisis Response Team working hand-in-hand with CSIRT, Application Security/Bug Bounty, Incident Response, Threat Hunting, Vulnerability Management, Visibility Technology (SIEM), Forensics, Ethical Hacking, Endpoint Malware, Infrastructure and Implementation Teams. Security policy reviewer, maintenance of updates and playbooks and processes for (Cyber Security Incident Response Team) CSIRT and CSIRP (Cyber Security Incident Response Plan). Expertise in threat modeling/mapping as-is and to-be business processes and design principles. Provide procedural and technical support to internal team members and managers utilizing tools such as: Akamai LUNA control center, Aviation Information Sharing and Analysis Center (A-ISAC), CEB CISO Coalition website intelligence, Crowdstrike, DomainTools, Titan471, Proofpoint, QRadar, QualysGuard, ThreatStream, VirusTotal, Zscaler and IBM Resilient in order to detect, track and support threat intelligence and vulnerabilities to United. Creating SOP's on SharePoint with playbooks, flowcharts and presentations such as tabletop exercises. Required extreme care to accuracy, detail and following security policies. Good communication skills and understanding of key risk metrics. Excellent interpersonal skills and teamwork required.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Found critical Cisco vulnerabilities for patching saving the company possible risk  * Created tabletop exercise initiating new processes and cross-training multiple users  * Initiated documentation of 50+ playbook and process documents SABBATICAL - Family Death February 2017 to October 2017 IT Security Systems Engineer IV (through Collabera) Bank of America - Chicago, IL November 2016 to February 2017 IT Consultant in Infrastructure Vulnerability Analytics Team Engineering and Tech Ops Systems Support area to support, implement, document and customize third party security software Skybox v.8.0. Working with vendor and internal networks to assimilate Bank of America DMZ environments and use Skybox as a reporting tool. Required extreme care to accuracy, detail and following security policies. Excellent interpersonal skills and teamwork required.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Found scripting errors in Shell Script to fix 100k firewalls to 400k firewall count in DMZ  * Initiated documentation of 50+ implementation and build documents  * Resolved duplicate SharePoint entries and organized and built SharePoint Websites for department eDiscovery Operations Tech Ops Analyst JP Morgan Chase - Columbus, OH February 2014 to June 2016 Required High Security Access (Internal JPMC High Security Access approval). Lateral move into Legal Technology to increase knowledge and experience within Corporate Technology and Risk Department of the Firm. Introduction to Bank Litigation including Legal Process and Project Management, Portfolio Management and/or IT processes within Legal eDiscovery. Provide guidance, strategy and services for the management of Electronically Stored Information or ESI. Resolve and coordinate confidential Legal, Compliance and HR Retention, Collection and/or Investigation projects. Conducted searches against messaging/archive, Microsoft Exchange, Lotus Notes and data processing systems. Selected analyst to be on the Preservation Request Team under eDiscovery Service Delivery. Responsible for approximately 30-50 weekly Legal Hold requests to preserve all forms of relevant information when litigation is reasonably anticipated on multiple case assignments across Exchange, Microsoft AD, Electronic Home Drives, Shares and SharePoint/Web requests for JPMC legal casework. Attended weekly and monthly Legal conference calls to provide updates, case progress and process improvements. Internal communication with Legal offices in New York, New Jersey and Polaris Home Offices. Attention to detail, handling high volume processing and meeting critical deadlines.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Found method to process Legal Holds in a quick manner by multitasking and documenting processes  * Selected Lead and Top Performing Analyst for number of cases complete and meeting SLAs 2015  * Break Fix analyst involved getting Legal Holds automated in Pegasus Project by creating special identifier for holds    IT Security Compliance and Solutions Engineer  Compliance Vulnerability Solutions Engineering and Tech Ops Support area to support, implement, document and support using event analysis leveraging SIEM tools: Skybox, Qualys Guard, Tripwire, Splunk and Symantec ESM Console and ITRIMS. Main focus was Skybox Security Software and SIEM services for Global Cyber Security. Tested, installed and upgraded UNIX based platform on RedHat 5.10 on a base of 16 production servers. Installed 4 additional UAT and DEV servers as well as critical patches/upgrades from the vendor both in production and UAT/DEV. Required to moderate daily and weekly conference calls with third party vendor, management, developers and users for any new and possible risks or risk prevention initiatives. Required Unix command line experience as well as using PowerShell for administration of over 50+ users for JPMC Cyber teams. Organized and managed Cisco and Checkpoint firewalls to provide alerts daily for any outages or anomalies. Used Microsoft AD, and Symantec DLP. I also supported Qualys and Tripwire software as for maintenance and monitoring daily activities, ticket queues, wellness checks and responding to group email box inquiries as needed. Required high profile professionalism to upper management and Cyber organization to balance priority 1 issues as needed. Required extreme care to accuracy, detail and following security policies. High visibility, interpersonal skills and teamwork required to maintain 24x7 production environment.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Selected for Cyber Security Tech Operate Security Endpoint Monitoring Team due to attention to detail  * Upgraded and patched 16+ Linux Skybox servers into current Enterprise platforms meeting SLAs  * Avoided major delays by reviewed logs to fix memory issues and java heaps so Red Zone Report was on time Information Security Consultant First Merit Bank (through Adecco) - Akron, OH August 2013 to October 2013 Commuting from Columbus to Akron for IT consulting in Banking for First Merit Operations center. Supporting the acquisition and system administration of Citizen Bank employee application adds/removes/changes for all Akron First Merit systems. Processing Remedy ticket requests, LAN Access forms, Active Directory, Exchange Administration, drive share access, Iron Mail monitoring, group email box requests and Mainframe TSO, Host, and all Bank application adds/removes/changes. Termination/New Hire and employee maintenance request to internal operations and over 400+ branch offices. Required accuracy, consciousness and following procedures. Social skills and collaboration required.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Devised system to handle requests timely using emails and screenshots  * Used macro enabled spreadsheets to help automate the conversion of Citizen Bank employees  * Reduced backlog and improved department response/turnaround time from 3 weeks down to 2 days IT Security Administrator and SOC Support Defense Information Systems Agency - Columbus, OH April 2010 to September 2012 through TecPort)- Columbus, Ohio  IT Security Administrator and SOC Support (DoD Contractor)  Information Security policy review, updates and development for Government projects to maintain production environment on servers and networks for military and non-military customers. Worked extensively with HP, DELL and ARMY vendors for production support. Effectively communicating results from empirical analysis to senior management. Researching and resolving data issues through systemic investigation. Knowledge of Microsoft SQL queries, Unix/Linux, and running shell scripts and using SCCM to help automate processes. Used SCCM to push applications, remote connect or inventory users and PCs. Monitored network activity and process workflows providing information risk assessments, management and migrations of O/S and patches for 20+ projects and over 1000+ servers. Used Host Based Intrusion Detection Systems and Wireshark. Providing testing, system patching, log analysis, intrusion detection monitoring. Gold Disk and Retina scanning programs including Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs) for vulnerability management in VMS (Vulnerability Management System).  Good understanding of key risk metrics.  SELECTED ACCOMPLISHMENTS & BREAK FIXES  * Created real time status and statistics with IBM Tivoli Monitoring and Remedy systems for Project Leads  * Maintained updates and advisory DoD-CERT on weekly IRR (Individual Readiness Reviews)  * Developed work processes, participated and promoted standard operating procedures (SOPs) Business Analyst Citicorp - Columbus, OH August 2008 to October 2009 contractor) Technology Information Specialist though Saitech - Columbus, OH March 2006 to August 2008 contractor) Skills SECURITY, ACTIVE DIRECTORY, CISCO, HIPAA, HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT, ITIL, PCI, PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY, DATA PROTECTION, JUNIPER, SOX, LINUX, UNIX, LAN/WAN, STORAGEWORKS, SQL SERVER, SQL SERVER 2000, ORACLE, SQL, IBM MAINFRAME Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/scottaroybal