IT Security Architect <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> Architect IT Security Architect - Stacksharp, LLC Details  Quality-driven IT professional, adept in penetration testing and Web 314-651-6788  development. Individual with an analytical mindset, able to dive deep into meetsaudkhan@gmail.com  complex IT issues and design scalable solutions. Consistently paying attention  to detail in order to find vulnerabilities, implement better IT processes while Skills  working with business critical deadlines. Agile and Scrum    Application Penetration Testing Work Experience IT Security Architect Stacksharp, LLC - New York, NY July 2017 to Present Selenium  My responsibilities at Stacksharp include:    Conduct penetration tests on Payment Card Industry compliant web IDS/IPS  applications by utilizing:  Firewall Security Policies  OWASP Zap, Nmap, Kali Linux, Burp Scanner, custom scripts and other  industry standard tools. ASP.NET MVC  Assessed application flaws, vulnerabilities and weaknesses:  HTML/CSS/JavaScript  Identified the impacts of vulnerabilities.  Carried out vulnerability scans, mitigation and patching to meet all Database Management  regulatory and non-regulatory compliance requirements.  Manually exploited vulnerabilities. Cisco Networking  Provide recommendations on how to enhance code and remediation.  VMware  Makes penetration test reports based on the findings.  Responsible for agile project management to meet business goals within Amazon AWS  deadlines while delivering high quality solutions:  Microso Azure  Adhered to guidelines of cybersecurity NIST frameworks.  Create and tests RPOs and RTOs for multi-tiered application. Active Directory  Accountable for conducting cybersecurity risk analysis for organization.  Created incident response plans to meet compliance requirements. HIPAA Compliance  Conduct network assessments and gap analysis.  PCI Compliance So ware Engineer AMZ International - Lahore, PK July 2016 to July 2017 Developed correlating websites in Asp.net: Virtualization  Designed websites like Stacksharp, UpNext and Sports shop.  Competent in writing complex queries in SQL Server. Symantec Endpoint Protection  Maintained understanding of project limitations and capabilities.  EnCase  Performed web application scans via cenzic and remediated to meet  compliance requirements:  Provided technical support for developed applications.  Training end users:  Assisted end users in effectively using so ware by educating them on procedures and modules.  Maintained understanding of project limitations and capabilities. Business Analyst So ech Systems Private Limited - Lahore, PK June 2015 to July 2016 Provided training to doctors, nurses in hospitals and clinics about how they  can use the Softech System Software on their premises:  Give brief preview about the healthcare software.  Train end users about the healthcare software.  Give any technical support.  Report any bugs to Softech software team.  Setup complete IT infrastructure for the organization and used to train users  and tell them how to use programs:  Patch and troubleshoot computers which had issues.  Fix network issues.  Install new Windows.  Keep computers up-to-date. Education MS in Cybersecurity Webster University October 2017 to March 2019 NIST September 2010 to August 2015 BS in Engineering Beaconhouse National University - Lahore, PK Skills Nist, Cyber Security, Siem, Information Security