Self Employed Self Employed Pickerington, OH An accomplished professional with over 15 years' experience leading IT management and support, electronic data exchange, vendor management and applications development and management, systems administration, and reporting and analysis, network systems, integration and design for medium to large entities using industry standards. Driven and sharp-minded professional with significant skills and experience. Motivated and highly detail oriented with a commitment to ensure accuracy and exceed expectations.   Areas Of Expertise  • IT Project Management  • Strategic Design and Testing  • Electronic Data Exchange  • Vendor Management  • Risk assessment and mitigation  • Network Systems Integration  • Firewall  • Disaster Recovery  • Business Continuity  • Active Directory  • SharePoint  • SSO  • VOIP Systems (Interactive Intelligence, Cisco Unified, MiTel)  • Data Analysis (SSRS, Power BI)   • Document Management  • Programming C#, Java, PHP, DOT NET, SQL.  • Proxy/Support  • Confidential records management  • Proficient in MS Office Applications  • Networking/Cisco Routers and Switches Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Self Employed Self-Employed - Pickerington, OH 2019 to Present IT Manager Allguard Systems - Livermore, CA 2017 to 2018 The ability to balance daily operational requirements with long-term strategic planning and communication. Document system design and inter working. Manage third party vendors, service providers and consultants, ensuring compliance to contractual obligations and SLA's On Call after hours and weekend emergency support of 24/7 operations Maintain, troubleshoot and repair data and telecom infrastructure, circuits and hardware. Maintain, install, troubleshoot and repair alarm receiver and dedicated central station equipment. Works closely with internal decision makers while leveraging outside partners. Manages IT contracts, and ensures SLA's are adhered to. IT Manager CCCSF Balance - Concord, CA 2015 to 2017 Provide management and oversight of procedures for PCI 3.2 compliance. * Managed VMware environment built in cisco ucs 5108 and Net App. SAN ; * Linux Administration for VMWare. * CA Gateway installation and configuration as demo. * Designed building disaster recovery plan for collocated data center. ; * Developed applications for process improvement and on-demand reporting. ; * Managed Interactive intelligence for Genesys VOIP system. ; * Lead cross-functional IT teams. ; * Liaison between business and information technology teams. * Managed all SSL certificates and managed all source code for 11 websites. IT Business Systems Analyst TRI CITY HEALTH CENTER - Fremont, CA 2011 to 2015 Implemented Electronic Health Record (EHR) and Electronic Practice Management (EPM) applications. * Established cost-savings benefits by eliminating use of paper medical charts. ; * Designed document management system to efficiently manage appointments and third party claims.* Built HL7 Interfaces for Labs, Radiology, Pharmacy and Insurance Claimants. ; * Installed Patient Portal for patient self-service to improve provider communication. ; * Created and analyzed reports for Business Intelligence (BI) using in-house tools and vendors. ; * Developed MS SharePoint sites, listings and department workflows. * Developed and managed programing source code C, C++, C#, Java,. * Managed LDAP connections. * Developed BASH Shell Scripting for nightly maintenance jobs. Senior Network and Security Administrator TRI CITY HEALTH CENTER - Fremont, CA 2008 to 2011 Responsible for overseeing all network LAN/MAN/WAN environments, site networks, server monitoring, administration, maintenance and performance.* Network troubleshooting to resolve issues and maximize uptime. ; * Performed system administration and maintenance for a multi-server and virtualized application environments.* Coordinated technical support for all EHR systems. ; * MySql, MS SQL, Windows, OSx, Android, iPhone ; * Lead system analysis conferences and improvement with CIO. Immunization Registries Program Specialist Technical Analyst CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HEALTH - Richmond, CA 2006 to 2008 Responsible for California Statewide streamline of immunization date exchange using HL7 in real-time batch.* Streamlined application upgrade processes and code for 6 California regions. ; * 3rd level desk support for regional technical staff. Monitored networks and recommended improvements.* MySql and MSSQL deployment, management, pathing, and creating SQL queries. created Regular Expressions (Regex) code.. IT Manager RESOURCES FOR FAMILIES AND COMMUNITIES - San Jose, CA 2000 to 2006 Increased RFC operational efficiency and accountability through development of a fully integrated client intake, referral and case management web portal with a database back end.  ? Implemented an electronic case management agency system and eliminated a paper-based workflow  ? Built Virtual Private Network (VPN) tunnels connecting all agency locations.  ? Increased efficiency and accuracy of program management response systems for Santa Clara County Social Services and Santa Clara County DPH report requirements.  ? Ensured timely upgrades and modifications to improve operational efficiency and procurement.  ? Managed agency hardware, software, phone system and internet connectivity components. Education Advanced Computer Programmer/Network Analyst in Computer Science CDI College of Business and Technology - Toronto, ON 1996 to 1999 Skills PROJECT MANAGEMENT (10+ years), CISCO (10+ years), EXCHANGE (10+ years), MS OFFICE (10+ years), DETAIL ORIENTED (10+ years), Active Directory, MSP, Itil, Service Desk, ERP, Information Technology, Strategic Planning, Network Administration, Vmware, HTML, Customer Service, It Specialist, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Network Support, Computer Repair Assessments Basic Computer Skills: PC — Highly Proficient July 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to perform basic computer operations, navigate a Windows OS, and troubleshoot common computer problems. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/qyqjhhpby-hyzxtk Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.