Help Desk Analyst Help Desk <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Dunedin, FL To obtain a position after relocating to Dunedin FL,(January_2020), from New Jersey.  I worked from 1981-2020, in the Information Technology and Customer Support roles, while working at Cigna Corporation (1981-2007) and Virtua Health. (2008-2020).  I am looking for either a part time, or a full time position.    Virtua: Data Center Operator Technician October 2012 to 2020    Thorough understanding of diverse computer systems, network protocols and peripheral devices.  Well versed in identifying, reporting, coordinating, and documenting system abnormalities.  Working knowledge of technical methodology, security principles, and practices.  Adept at monitoring and management of mainframes, networks and work-group servers.  Monitoring security cameras for anything suspicious or out of place.  While at Virtua, I joined the "LECT Team" (Local Employee Change Team), LECT team would bring problems or issues to senior management, so changes could be implemented throughout Virtua. Some of changes the LECT initiated at Virtua: Installed speed bumps in parking lot, provided exercise equipment to employees. Kept employees updated on changes that were happening at Virtua.    Virtua Management selected me to be the "Safety Representative for IT employees"  I did assist with the Environment of Care/Safety Orientation of new staff  I did identify and report safety issues to your supervisor and Safety Officer  I did assist with hazard surveillance rounds on a monthly basis and report finding to manager and Safety Officer.  I did assist with departmental safety training.  I did share and/or post distributed information on a monthly basis.  I did attend periodic safety meetings/education programs  I did assist with fire drills, documentation of drills and education of staff.    I would also cover the Administration Assistant Desk when she was out sick or on vacation. This would involve greeting vendors, potential new employees; walk them to their interview destination Deliver mail to employees. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Help Desk Analyst Virtua July 2008 to 2012 Provides exceptional front-line problem diagnoses and tracking for all IS customer issues and requests; customer base of 20,000 people utilizing over 200 clinical and non-clinical applications.  Proficient with various diagnostic tools, including SMS Administrator Console, Active Directory, Soarian Clinical Admin Desktop, Password Station and Info View.  Responsible for initiating technical communications to Virtua, including planned outages, system upgrades and details during unplanned events.  Maintains communication with customer base to advise on status of issues, requests and outages.  Maintains communication with second and third level IT teams, vendors, and management, to ensure problems are being resolved, or to gather status to provide to customer base.  Support system applications including Soarian Clinical, IBEX, HPF, OAS Gold, and identifying issues and outages as relates to performance, networking, printing, permissions as relates to role-based access control. Participated in IT Project Management 2007 to 2010 Supports MS Office 2003, 2007, 2010 (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point).  Enters all calls into IT call tracking system, escalates to appropriate internal teams as appropriate within problem management guidelines.  Participated in IT Project Management process: attends training and provides go-live support for new implementations and upgrades; represents Help Desk at project meetings to assist project team in understanding impact of implementation on Help Desk, participates in the determination of the appropriate go-live support plan.  Mentors new Help Desk Analysts to ensure they adhere to STAR behaviors and standards as well as IT policy and procedure.  Consistently maintains a 65% first call resolution rate while simultaneously fielding up to 60 calls per day and maintaining a lead role in Problem Management within the Help Desk.  Remain flexible for all shift assignments, which included covering holidays and off hours. Security Officer Virtua July 2008 to October 2008 Safeguard, patrol and monitor buildings, grounds and property for the purpose of protecting lives, property, prevent theft, fire, vandalism and unauthorized entry while abiding to and enforcing Virtua policy and procedure.  Assist visitors, patients, vendors and staff providing excellent customer services, hospitality and a positive experience.  Provide accurate information, directions and respond to all emergency situations.  If performing surveillance, will monitor security & safety related computer systems.  Position Responsibilities:  Perform the duties associated with all assigned posts, including but not limited to walking and mobile security and safety rounds; stationary posts; one-to-one observer; traffic control and special assignments.  May monitor doors, surveillance cameras, and alarms for Virtua.  Utilize Health System technology and systems to provide visitor control, input and output data; investigations, incident reports and shift logs; access control; infant protection and the security of sensitive areas.  Work closely with and effectively communicate (verbal and written) to division team members; officer-in-charge (OIC); immediate supervisor; Nursing Supervisor; Health System security teams; and law enforcement agencies.  Provide direction and, when warranted, escort visitors, vendors, patients and staff to appropriate locations within and outside of the facilities and parking lots.  Provide written reports of all security related incidents occurring during assigned shift. Check security systems light, plumbing, heating and report all malfunctions.  Verify all staff is wearing ID badge and the public (visitors, vendors, contractors, etc.) obtain proper ID bands, passes and badges.  Assess all minor maintenance issues. Address issues as able, or notify the appropriate Plant Engineering staff for support. Examples of minor maintenance issues include, but not limited to, minor plumbing repairs, resetting electrical breakers, replacing light bulbs, pillow speakers, etc.  Respond to emergency situations alerts. Serve as a First level operations responder. Respond to and recognize all hazardous/chemical substance spills. Assist and use special equipment as required. Customer Support Center-Helpdesk CIGNA CORPORATION 1981 to 2007 Remote Access Team. Which supported Cigna's work at home program. Production Technician. Production Change Notice Clerk, Print area technician, Mailroom. Education Eastern Regional High School - Voorhees, NJ 1978 Skills Service Desk Assessments Customer Focus & Orientation — Proficient August 2019 Responding to customer situations with sensitivity. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/ejct-buhmswxi6bb Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.