Information Security Analyst (RGC) Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> (RGC) Information Security Analyst Atlanta, GA Looking for a great company to join exclusively in Information Security. Over ten plus years of specialized knowledge in enterprise systems and network operations. Expertise in reviewing systems security posture. Concentrating on regulatory compliance by identifying risks, vulnerabilities and viable mitigations with SIEMs, IDS, and DLP solutions. Proven experience in developing, implementing and leading cybersecurity risk assessments, audits, disaster recovery, policy review, privacy audits and compliance programs. I hold a Master's degree in Information Assurance and BS degree in Computer Science from Rutgers U-Camden. Former employers include; TD Bank, AtlantiCare, Inspira, Comcast Corporation, WeStaff, AccuStaff, Citigroup, IGI Laboratories, self-employed contracts, as well as a former business owner. Willing to consider relocation and travel. Additional residence in Atlanta, GA. Work Experience Information Security Analyst (RGC) Contractor w/ Pyramid Consulting @ Comcast Corporation - Philadelphia, PA September 2018 to May 2019 • Prepared business units for upcoming and ongoing audits (SOX, PCI, PII)  • Conducted User Access Reviews on individuals and administrative and elevated rights.  • Prepared reports regarding the vulnerability status of hardware and software devices.  • Reviewed and updated security standards and policies applicable. Information Security Technology & Risk Analyst III Contractor w/ Global Technical Talent @TD Bank Corp - Mount Laurel, NJ January 2018 to June 2018 • Examined third-party technical documents about security compliance standards for ISO 27001/27002, PCI, SOX, PII, NIST and other standards, guidelines, and frameworks.  • Confer with the line of business owners and vendors to discuss security requirements for business applications.  • Identified information security risks and threats based on data classification, mitigation design and functional purpose and use.  • Worked with architecture teams to understand enterprise solutions and impacts on security controls regarding the following areas: authentication, authorization, access controls (network and user), secure transmission and storage, encryption/key management, segmentation and network zoning, data flows, third party access and connectivity and functional purpose.  • Performed security assessments of applications and infrastructure with specific attention to the following control areas is required: authentication, authorization, access controls (network and user), secure transmission and storage, encryption/key management, segmentation and network zoning, data flows, third-party access and connectivity and functional purpose.  • Conducted meetings and conference calls to collaborate with subjects regarding the factors in need of focus to move projects along. Information Security Analyst AtlantiCare Health Network July 2016 to January 2018 Egg Harbor Township, NJ  • Monitored, analyzed and responded to network incidents and events using Nessus Tenable Solutions, Qualys, Symantec Cloud and Symantec EndPoint Protection, FairWarning, SolarWinds, EIQ, WebSense, etc.  • Participated in disaster recovery implementation and testing under NIST framework, Baldridge standards, HIPAA, SOX, PCI, PII & HITECH.  • Conducted security technology prioritization, as well as future use of security technology and process  improvements for hosted, web-based and AWS cloud solution products.  • Conducted business associate risk assessments regarding the evaluation and implementation of network security products of vendors and services. Confer with vendors on compliance standards.  • Performed IDS validation tests of security architecture and design solutions for application deployment and produce detailed engineering specifications with recommended vendor technologies.  • Monitored SIEM alerts to offset brute force, DOS, DLP, and privileged access escalation attacks.  • Provided management with reports to inform each of the current security posture. IS Technical Analyst Inspira Health Network - Vineland, NJ May 2014 to July 2016 • Documented all incidents of network failures and perform disaster recovery procedures.  • Monitored, restart, and supported network health status and restart interfaces on Cisco, Alcatel, Windows, and Lucent physical and virtual environments.  • Performed and verify backups and updates on servers and hosts.  • Act as a liaison for Governance, Compliance & Risk committees.  • Assisted in the execution of the Risk Assessment program  • Ensured two-factor authentication was implemented properly by monitoring failed logins. Network & Voice Engineer Comcast Corporation August 2007 to January 2014 • Monitored, reported & resolved network outages and impairments.  • Reviewed system security updates and patches.  • Act as an SME for solutions for SIP routing, circuits, and Cisco switch capacity issues.  • Prepared weekly data analysis reports via ad hoc and canned reports for senior management review.  • Conducted on-site audits from SOC to customer site throughout the Philadelphia Metro region to ensure end to end labeling is correct for business customers.  • Provided customers and business units with exemplary customer service. Asst. IT Security Auditor Comcast Corp - Vineland, NJ January 2007 to May 2007 • Implemented audit for electronic badge system.  • Generated reports for leadership regarding progress.  • Tested at all locations to ensure security standards were met. Data Information Security Analyst Citigroup - New Castle, DE June 2006 to August 2006 • Monitored logs for failed logins and intrusion detection by adding logins to blocked listed for domestic and international users.  • Modified International users home directories under various root platforms, EDI, Windows Active Directory, UFE, Tandem, Putty, Telnet, Linux, UNIX, etc.  • Created testing scenarios for test teams. Education Masters' Degree in Information Assurance in Information Assurance Wilmington University - Wilmington, DE 2017 Bachelors' Degree in Computer Science in Computer Science Rutgers University - Camden, NJ 2006 Associates Degree in Information Systems in Information Systems Cumberland County College - Vineland, NJ 1995 Skills SIEM (5 years), Risk Management (5 years), Risk Assessment (5 years), Change Management (4 years), Vulnerability Management (5 years), Data Analysis (10+ years), Database Management (10+ years), IT Compliance (4 years), IT Auditing (3 years), Engineering (10+ years), Firewalls (10+ years), Project Management (3 years), Microsoft Office (10+ years), Tableau (3 years), Reporting (10+ years) Links https://www.linkedin.com/in/msmking Assessments Management & Leadership Skills: Impact & Influence — Highly Proficient February 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to adapt their leadership style to accomplish goals using rational or emotional appeal. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/43zkdlv-ckvka7ex Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.