Resource Manager/Embedded Manager Resource Manager/Embedded Manager Resource Manager/Embedded Manager - Strategic Resources, Inc Baltimore, MD Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Resource Manager/Embedded Manager Strategic Resources, Inc December 2018 to Present Duties:  • Serves as the Embedded Manager for 26 contractors (Desktop/System Admin/Video Teleconference (VTC)) at the Mid-Atlantic Region Reginal Network Enterprise Center (RNEC) at Aberdeen Proving Grounds (APG).  • Oversee daily activities for RNEC Tenant Support, VTC, and Dial Assist Operator.  • Attends all site meetings with RNEC director and civilians, responsible for metrics (monthly/quarterly), projects brief, SITREP, staffing matrix, managing the 24/7 Dial Assist Operator (APG Operator), attend VTC CCRI weekly meeting, timecard approval, annual leave/sick leave approval, quarterly Remedy metrics, and establishing in and out processing.    • Perform resource allocation and workload assignment for timely deliveries.    • Oversee daily activities of the team and provide constant assistance when needed.  • Creates schedules, meeting minutes, and timelines.  • Work with the Contracting Office (COR) on a daily basis.  • Perform interviews for job placement and promotions.  • Open/Close/Audit of secure rooms and equipment.  • Coordinated and facilitated the creation of training materials.    Knowledge of business systems and processes:    • Manage daily end user concerns and issues.  • Report cyber security issues and other security concerns to executive management.  • Create alerts to notify team of known problems/issues.  • Support a major cross-section of networking systems (e.g., remote access, network core, wide area connectivity, wireless access). Client Support Manager Enterprise Applications, Inc September 2017 to November 2018 Duties: Perform a wide variety of information technology functions in support of multiple private sector clients on the East Coast.    Knowledge of business systems and processes:    • Manage Office365 and SharePoint environment migrations.  • Manage daily end user concerns and issues.  • Manage driver, patches, and software updates.  • Manage technical functions such as user and server accounts, password resetting, and provide users and technicians support.  • Troubleshoot/Resolve network issues at local office environments.  • Report cyber security issues and other security concerns to executive management.  • Perform rescue and recovery of corrupted hard drives.  • Evaluate software and tools and create software images.  • Create alerts to notify team of known problems/issues.  • Support a major cross-section of networking systems (e.g., remote access, network core, wide area connectivity, wireless access). Cyber Security Analyst TENAX Technologies, LLC August 2016 to September 2017 Duties: Performed a wide variety of information technology functions in support of RDECOM Aberdeen Proving Grounds, MD.    Knowledge of systems security certification and accreditation requirements and processes:    • Created and enforced cyber security and Information Assurance (IA) guidelines and remediations.  • Implemented Risk Management Framework (RMF) standards for Army/DoD systems.  • Coordinated efforts with sub commands regarding IA guidelines.  • Managed efforts and combined information for Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) reporting to executive level leadership. IT Specialist/Senior Technical Support STG, Inc September 2003 to August 2016 Duties: Performed a wide variety of information technology functions in support of the U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Center (ATEC), Aberdeen Proving Grounds, MD.    Knowledge of systems security certification and accreditation requirements and processes:    • Analyzed customer data to determine solutions to be coordinated within the Help Desk team.  • SIPRNet administrator duties performed include decryption, backup and restoration of user data, reimaging of systems with the latest Army Gold Master disc and system updates to retain Army Cyber compliance. Created and deployed a script to backup user data prior to system reimaging which reduced overall system downtime.  • Managed appropriate levels of hardware and software as dictated by the networking environment to support assigned networking products.  • Managed the installation and configuration of software and hardware products, while assisting team members with troubleshooting problems.  • Supported multiple product suites that are composed of multiple networking hardware and software products.  • Managed the installation and test networking hardware and software products.  • Developed and maintained documentation that describes physical and logical integration as well as implementation and management standards.  • Trained users on specific products and hardware, such as all Microsoft Office Suite products, Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio.  • Coordinated activities in support of active projects and confer with test managers and other directors, stating problems in a form capable of being solved.  • Prepared and managed plans for the resolution of complicated computer problems.  • Thoroughly familiar with the security certification and accreditation requirements, implemented an IA program and served on a technical staff for matters relating to vulnerability and threats to computer and network systems.  • Tested, implemented, and maintained IA standards for a successful DIACAP certification.  • Installed application software security programs, security protocols, and Information Assurance Vulnerability Assessment (IAVA) protocols and downloaded and installed the applications on computers and servers.  • Used Retina and REM scans to ensure systems (servers, desktops, laptops, and printers) meet all Department of Army requirements with IAVA Standards.  • Primary POC for VIP support for ATEC and AEC commands.  • Single technician for sanitization of Unauthorized Disclosure of Classified Information (UDCI) events. Education Bachelor of Science in Business Information Systems Villa Julie College 2001 Skills Human Resource