IT Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Security Analyst Work Experience IT Security Analyst YAKIMA VALLEY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL 2015 to 2018 Daily engagement of multiple areas of healthcare security and accountability for HIPAA and HITECH compliance. Direct reporting to Chief Information Officer regarding all aspects of information security in the guarding of Protected Health Information (PHI) and the compliance of Health and Human Services directives. Liaison with the networking and system support team on the implementation of computing security practices and their seamless application to both hospital and clinical operations. This includes drafting and implementation of information policies and their applicability to all aspects of healthcare information operations, disaster recovery planning, Business Associate Agreements (BAA) and risk assessments of healthcare IT projects. Additionally, participated in regular responses and mitigation of cybersecurity incidents for both the hospital and all supported clinics. Information System Support Officer (ISS0) PDSTECH INC. (BOEING) 2011 to 2013 Regular auditing of classified computer systems to ensure full National Industrial Security Program Operations Manual (NISPOM) compliance. Creation of multiple System Security Plans (SSP) for new classified programs ensuring the adherence to National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) requirements. Advising on requirements for initiation and maintenance of classified systems for several Phantom Works programs as well as shutting down of classified systems and programs. Worked with Defense Security Service (DSS) in the certification and accreditation of new systems as well as inspection of existing systems and programs. Systems Officer UNITED STATES NAVAL RESERVE 1990 to 2012 for several different Naval Reserve units throughout the Pacific Northwest. Started with the support and maintenance of the Joint Defense Intelligence Support System (JDISS) as well as the Joint Worldwide Intelligence Communications System (JWICS). Worked at maintaining user accounts and all associated applications necessary for the support of command intelligence missions. Made recommendations to unit commanding officers regarding enhancements to command system operation procedures to increase their effective support for their tenant commands. As system support migrated from UNIX based systems to more Microsoft Windows environment, under the Navy Marine Corp Intranet (NMCI), continued support of the newly acquired Secret Internet Protocol Router Network (SIPRNET) and Navy Non-Classified Internet Protocol Router Network (NIPRNET) systems. This included maintaining user accounts, individual MS-Exchange files, configurations and mission critical applications. Also worked with NMCI personnel to establish Service Level Agreements (SLA) to better clarify what was expected from all involved parties. Intelligence Officer U.S. NAVY 2009 to 2010 Daily analysis and translation of reports and their application to department requirements and assurance of their functional specifications. Regular director level presentations encompassing system background and improvement recommendations which resulted in fulfillment of department goals. Personally managed the upgrade of government offices resulting in more clear and concise retention and processing of critical records. Regular liaison with several other government agencies. Education Master of Science degree in Computer Science WESTERN WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY - Bellingham, WA Skills Dns, Network administration, Networking, Tcp/ip, Korn, Korn shell, Solaris, Sun, Unix, Ux, Hp-ux, Tcp, Perl, Cyber security, Healthcare