Student IT support Student <span class="hl">IT</span> support Student IT support Insightful, result- driven IT professional with notable success in planning analyzing and implementation of solutions to create a more secure computer environment to achieve business objectives. Skilled intelligent cyber security analyst with great understanding of current and emerging risk. Resourceful and innovative in problem solving. Able to work well with others and independently to accomplish department goals and objectives. Hardworking, networking, self-motivated, responsible, and analytical thinker. Excellent communication skills, both oral & written. Self-starter and able to work independently to meet project goals and deadlines. Coordinating task and managing project effectively. Diligent and flexible in multitasking. Detail-orientated with strong written and verbal communication skills. Work Experience Student IT support Church Virginia - Falls Church, VA October 2016 to October 2017 • Track tuition bills and payments, housing assessments and other fees using the power campus tool by Ellucian  • Establish and enforce administration policies and rules governing student behavior.  • Implementing appropriate solution for authentication, authorization and access control on student accounts.  • Resolving technical issues involving student account creation and logins  • Prepare evaluations of software or hardware, and recommend improvement or upgrades. Junior Security Analyst Webb Fontaine March 2015 to May 2016 • Assisting in the upgrade of security measures and controls  • Ensuring digital files and information systems against unauthorized access, modification or destruction  • Maintain data and monitor security access  • Reviewing security event log and giving weekly reports  • Manage network, intrusion detection and prevention systems  • Analyze security breaches to determine their root cause  • Recommend and install appropriate tools and countermeasures  • Ensuring the maintenance of the company's security policies  • Security awareness training for staff  • Coordinate security plans with outside vendors  • Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, taken or installation activities. Technical support Engineer Interra Networks limited August 2013 to February 2014 • Install new hardware or software systems or components, ensuring integration with existing network system.  • Perform routine maintenance or standard repairs to networking components or equipment.  • Troubleshoot network or connectivity problem for users or user group.  • Maintain logs of network activity.  • Run monthly network reports.  • Identity the causes of networking problems, using diagnostic testing software and equipment.  • Evaluate local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN) performance data to ensure sufficient availability of speed, to identify network problems, or for disaster recovery purposes.  • Kayako helpdesk tool administrator, responsible for monitoring activities and logs on the tool, assigning and denying access to the tool, modifying features to suit the needs of users. Intern Foxfire Limited Abuja Nigeria February 2011 to August 2011 • Configuration and define parameters for installation or testing of local area network (LAN), wide area network (WAN), hubs, routers, switches, controllers multiplexers or related networking equipment.  • Install or repair network cables, including fiber optic cables.  • Test computer software or hardware, using standard diagnostic testing equipment and procedures.  • Troubleshoot network or connectivity problems for users or user groups.  • Provide telephone support related to networking or connectivity issues (VOIP).  • Oversee the daily performance of computer systems.  • Answer user inquiries regarding computer software or hardware operation to resolve problems. Education Master in Cyber Security Stratford University - Falls Church, VA April 2016 to October 2017 Bachelors in Electrical Electronics Engineering Madonna University October 2008 to March 2013 Skills NETWORKING (1 year), ACCESS (Less than 1 year), CISCO (Less than 1 year), EXCEL (Less than 1 year), FIREWALL (Less than 1 year) Additional Information Technical Proficiencies    Networking: TCP/IP, IP conflict resolution, VPN, HIPAA window server, cisco Routers and switches    Tools: Norton firewall, Wireshark, Nessus, Kayako, MacAfee/Norton Virus Protection utilities Microsoft office suite (word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Project outlook), Power Campus by Ellucian, Velocify Lead Manager tool.