Engineer I Engineer I Engineer I Dallas, TX Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Engineer I Erlanger Health Systems - Chattanooga, TN June 2013 to Present Sccm task sequence and imaging  Troubleshooting and supporting PCs, Printers, Laptops, Tablets, Smartphones ... and other IT related devices.  Working and monitoring the daily ticketing system POB  Remediation of pushed packages, like Symantec Endpoint Antivirus ... etc  Imaging and deploying PCs, as well as maintaining and updating the current image for the hospital.  Streamlining and scripting installation procedures for software installations. Deskside Support Technician Memorial Healthcare System (TekSystems) - Chattanooga, TN October 2010 to June 2013 Troubleshooting and working daily ticket issues via Remedy for the hospital and its other locations in the area.  Configuring, deploying and supporting new laptops carts to several nursing stations of the hospital.  Assisting and performing weekly local IT projects.  Diagnosing, repairing computers and related equipment.  Creating Images ( Windows XP/ 7 and 8) for several machines and devices of the hospital using Fog, Ghost, Acronis and Macrium.  Assisting in the Network administration, Active Directory, Group management, Security administration, TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS.  Working with products like Bomgar, DameWare and SCCM.  Creating batch files and scripts that facilitate remote support and deployment. IT Specialist Whirlpool (IBM) - Cleveland, TN June 2007 to October 2010 Installing and supporting pc hardware and software configuration for over 1200 users.   Responsible for the maintenance, up keep, and repair of plant pc's and remote sites.   Maintaining database and spreadsheet.   Working with tools like Alteris, VNC as well as IBM tools (Ayudame,Lotus Notes, Sametime).  Windows XP/ 98 and Server 2003, Office 2000/ 2003/2007. IT Security Analyst Shaw Industries (TekSystem) - Dalton, GA June 2006 to June 2007 Analyzing and verifying approvals for all requests submitted to IS Security Department using the following tools: PeopleSoft, Service Center, Lotus Notes, Excel, and Access.  Assisting with data organization projects.  Communicating and coordinating with IS Services Department. International Customer Service Representative Whirlpool (Maytag) - Cleveland, TN January 2005 to June 2006 Performed all aspects of customer service, including answering telephones, document translation from French to English, and providing details for products and services. Assisting with translation for other departments within the company.  Processed orders, coordinated with customer services and technical support. Education Associate in Networking Systems and technology Cleveland State Community College - Cleveland, TN 2009 Bachelor's in Networking Systems and technology currently enrolled via RODP Additional Information IT Specialist with 6+ years experience and strong management background. Team player, excellent communicator, result focused and self starter. Strong technical and customer service skills. Resourceful problem solver with proven ability to bring quick resolution to challenging situations. Seeking advancement career opportunities in the IT field.