Security Analyst <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Security Analyst - Delviom LLC Ashburn, VA Extensive experience in the Application design, architecture, development with project management skills. Over 9+ years of IT experience and Subject matter expert in Identity & Access Management and Cyber Security Management. Motivational team player who owns complete deliverables and bridge customer expectations. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Analyst Delviom LLC - Ashburn, VA February 2016 to Present Performing access requests management - Software requests, Security group requests, Application specific requests.  ? Performing mailbox access requests management -Folder Access Requests, 3rd party creation and extension requests.  ? Performing VPN access requests management - VPN, Citrix, Third party Remote connectivity.  ? Performing web access requests management using Sailpoint.  ? Troubleshoot and resolving access management and provisioning workflow errors.  ? Updating existing access management and provisioning workflows related to AD account creation and correlation incidents.  ? Manage identity and access management support to business and technical teams in the design of standardized products and customized solutions.  ? Work with the project teams on implementing the defined Policies, business Roles within Access & Identity Management solution.  ? Manage and guide support of Identity and Access Management solutions including provisioning/de-provisioning workflows, Analytics, Highly Privileged Accounts, Single Sign On, Directory.  ? Preparing the process documents and updating the knowledge database/ SOPs.  ? Experience with Role Mining, Role based access control and Access Certification with Sailpoint.  ? Work with Application Support teams to identify business applications that are newly on boarded & ensure that they are included in the scope of the user access reviews.  ? Use scripts, templates, interfaces, and utility applications as needed to maximize efficiency and target continuous improvement.  ? Coordinate entitlement management processes both with the understanding of business nature and entitlement data.  ? Work within team to ensure Certification tasks and responsibilities are completed in a timely manner with high quality.  ? Validate the HPA (Highly Privileged Account) user access attestations by performing a 100% sample check.  ? Train team members on the specific requests, incidents and access management life cycle. Support peers and team leaders to achieve SLA / KPI of IAM processes.  ? Perform Recertification process to make sure all unwanted access has been removed for the users as reviewed by the managers.  ? Hands on working experience with RSA (RSA Adaptive Authentication).  ? Ensure processes are in place to monitor and report on the effectiveness of access management controls as well as alignment to policies and standards.  ? Coordinate & track the completion of scheduled IAM related activities and management reporting.    TATA Consultancy Services IT Analyst - IAM Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) January 2012 to July 2013 Provisioned & managed user's & apps access with Microsoft LDAP.  ? Troubleshooting & resolving access management, workflow, & provisioning related issues.  ? Updating existing Access Management & Provisioning workflows/SOPs.  ? Execute & track Security Process related activities including User ID management.  ? Attended Daily & weekly team meetings to discuss day to day Ops as well as projects & support PROD problems.  ? Led improvements of IAM processes, controls & communications related to Policies or Roles across stakeholder groups.  ? Work with business areas, system owners, and other IAM colleagues to address audit & regulatory related issues.  ? Coordinator for third party contractors access management (contractors, partners, suppliers, and customer) and manage the identity life cycle.  ? Be a liaison between Business and IT to achieve the defined IAM goals.  ? Responsible for Annual User Access Certification.  ? Work with internal and external auditors to provide evidence and walkthrough for all user access management compliance. Informatica analyst , Informatica Power Center developer ,Data Masking Barclays Bank May 2011 to December 2011 -USA Duration: May'11-Dec'11  Environment/Tools: ILM , IDQ ,IMM, Data profiling , MS SQL Server , Oracle 10g,Informatica analyst , Informatica Power Center developer ,Data Masking, Autosys, Teradata  Role: IT Analyst  Key Responsibilities:  ? Worked diligently with client and project team to ensure that the Informatica ETL framework is developed in conformance with SDLC  ? Developed full SDLC project plans to implement ETL solution and identify resource requirements  ? Conducted impact assessment and determined size of effort based on requirements  ? Teamed-up with product development teams and senior designers to develop architectural requirements to ensure client satisfaction with product  ? Lead and guided development Informatica based ETL architecture  ? Performed a challenging role in enhancing overall ETL Informatica architecture  ? Developed solution in highly demanding environment and provide hands on or real time experience to other team members  ? Performed hands-on in designing of solution and production of all design phase deliverables  ? Managed build phase and quality assure code to ensure fulfilling requirements and adhering to ETL architecture  ? Strong experience in Extraction, Transformation, Loading data from various sources into Data Warehouses and Data Marts using Informatica Power Center Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor, Metadata Manger  ? Implemented the conventional load from EDWSTG -> EDW -> EDM schemas.  ? Performed calculations for sales to the lowest level of granularity to be loaded to the Fact table in EDM based on which the weekly/monthly reports were generated.  ? Implemented Autosys job for weekly/monthly load of data.  ? Created Rules in IDQ and determined the root cause data quality issues.  Protecting the sensitive information like Customers SSN, Customers Salary Information and production applications using Informatica dynamic data masking Informatica Analyst-MS-SQL Server, PL/SQL Developer, TOAD AXA Insurance April 2010 to April 2011 USA Duration: Apr'10-Apr'11  Environment/Tools: Informatica Power Center 8.1, Informatica power center 5.1, Informatica power center 6. 2, Informatica power center 7. 1,Oracle 9i, MS-SQL Server, PL/SQL Developer, TOAD, Datastage 7.5 Server  Role: Senior ETL Developer  Key Responsibilities:  ? Gathered business requirements from customer on new enhancement. Analyze, design, code, test highly efficient and highly scalable integration solutions using Informatica, Oracle, SQL, Source systems like Oracle10g, MS SQL server databases, flat files.  ? Developed project plans to ensure Informatica solutions are executed and delivered as per the plans with good quality.  ? Responsible for Functional design, technical design, coding, unit testing, debugging and documentation.  ? Well acquainted with Informatica Designer Components  ? Design, development of mappings, transformations, sessions, workflows and ETL batch jobs, shell scripts to load data into Source's to Staging level, data warehousing and Datamart using Informatica, Control - M scheduling.  ? Documented Source to Target matrix, mapping specifications, Mapping inventory, Unit test plans and data base sizing.  ? Performed Unit test processes and coordinated System Integration testing, UAT, performance testing to ensure proper functioning as a part of larger systems  ? Involved in migration of Informatica workflows using Informatica migration tool from Development to QA and Production  ? Adhere to Informatica SDLC, CDW standards, policies, procedures and industry best practices with respect to system design, architecture, naming and coding standards.  ? Implemented performance tuning logic on targets, sources, mappings, sessions to provide maximum efficiency and performance.  ? Parameterized the mappings and increased the re-usability.  ? Used Informatica Power Center Workflow manager to create sessions, workflows and batches to run with the logic embedded in the mappings.  ? Created procedures to truncate data in the target before the session run.  ? Extensively used Toad utility for executing SQL scripts and worked on SQL for enhancing the performance of the conversion mapping.  ? Created Test cases for the mappings developed and then created integration Testing Document.  ? Worked as SPOC with business application teams, business analysts, data architects, database administrators and BIS reporting teams to ensure the ETL solution meets business requirements.  ? Enhancing the existing mappings, workflows with new business requirements and Report the project status to the management  ? Worked as post go live support/on-call production support consultant to continuously monitor the production support applications  ? For knowledge enhancement I worked in Datastage 7x and successfully completed development project individually. ETL Developer Nebula Computers Pvt. Ltd August 2006 to April 2010 Duration: Aug'06-Apr'10  Environment/Tools: Informatica Power Center 6.2, Oracle, Windows 2000, SQL Server 2000, Microsoft Excel, TOAD  Role: ETL Developer  Key Responsibilities:  ? Involved in analyzing and Development of data warehouse, data marts  ? Developed mappings, workflows, created sessions and worked on various transformations.  ? Worked in Informatica Powercenter and Power Mart.  ? Worked on Debugging, creation of error tables.  ? Gathered user requirements and prepared Requirement Specification Document ( RSD)  ? Designed and Implemented Insurance project based on Waterfall Model.  ? Worked on Informatica Versioning  ? Extensively used Erwin tool in Forward and reverse engineering, following the Corporate Standards in Naming Conventions, using Conformed dimensions  ? Created and scheduled Sessions and Batches through the Informatica Server Manager  ? Developed and performed tests on ETL codes for system data, analyzed & designed data mapping techniques.  ? Tested and validated data flows and prepared ETL processes according to business requirements and incorporated business requirements into design specifications.  ? Validated designs and prepared documents for data flow diagrams.  ? Performed root cause analysis on processes and resolve production issues and perform routine tests on databases.  ? Provided support to ETL applications after the completion of deployment phase.  ? Collaborated with Metadata Manager and perform tests and provide update to ETL activities within schedule and provide support to large data volumes and assist in data processing.  ? Documented technical and system specifications for ETL processes and perform unit tests and prepared required programs and scripts.  ? Documented test procedures for systems and processes and coordinate with business analysts and users to resolve requirement issues and maintain quality for same. Education Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology in Information Technology Anna University 2002 to 2006 Skills LDAP, IDAM Operation (4 years), Cyber security (4 years), IAM (4 years), Access controls (4 years), Access reviews (4 years), Active Directory Links https://linkedin.com/in/saaisree-ananth-734314190 Certifications/Licenses Security+ June 2016 to Present Additional Information Professional Skills:  • Identity & Access Management Lifecyle programs  • Life Cycle Management - Access Request, Provisioning, Password Management, Access Certification  • Security Framework: ISO 27001, COBIT, ITIL & NIST  • Project Management  • Informatica Data Governance    Technical Skills:  • IAM: Sailpoint IIQ  • Directory Server: LDAP, Microsoft AD, JDBC  • Languages:Java,J2EE/JEE,.NET, SQL,HTML,JQUERY  • Linux & Unix  • Apache Tomcat, IIS, JBoss, WebLogic  • Database: Sybase, SQL Server, MSSQL Server, Oracle 8i,9i,10g,11g  • ServiceNow, Service Desk, Remedy  • Informatica, PowerCenter,  Data warehousing