vCISO/Practice Lead vCISO/Practice Lead Virtual Chief Information Security Officer/Practice Lead - RoundTower Technologies LaGrange Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience vCISO/Practice Lead RoundTower Technologies - Cincinnati, OH October 2016 to Present Governance, Risk and Compliance  Responsible for designing and leading IT Risk Management efforts on behalf of customer, including policy development, security architecture design and awareness training. Coordinates with external and internal partners to develop solutions to secure cloud and hybrid infrastructure. Creates strategic plans around Compliance and Risk Management, Identity and Access Management, Data Protection and other areas of concerns. Developed and delivered Board Level presentation re: Information Security.    Key Responsibilities:  • Served as Virtual CISO for organizations of varying sizes and industries, in public and private sector  • Provided strategic guidance for corporate IT projects, including evaluation of technical standards and controls  • Created and implemented Incident Response plans, playbooks and testing procedures  • Developed and delivered cybersecurity related workshops  • Established and maintained relationships through magazine interviews and speaking engagements at customer and vendor conferences  • Built cross practice service offerings to meet specific client requests Manager/Director, IT Security/HIPAA Security Officer Surgical Care Affiliates - Birmingham, AL March 2013 to October 2016 Provides intellectual and strategic leadership of the Security Assurance and HIPAA compliance programs. Works with external and internal stakeholders to ensure business alignment with risk management objectives. Builds effective cross-organizational teams to ensure compliance with the overall Information Risk Management program.  Key Accomplishments:  • Implemented first organizational Incident Response, Threat Management and Security Awareness training programs  • Designed Security and Compliance/Risk Management program for network of 200 facilities, including 6 surgical hospitals, including vendor risk assessment program  • Created 'Critical Controls' and Cybersecurity Maturity Assessment program, to objectively measure security performance  • Chaired Information Risk Management cross functional group (reporting to the Board), which was responsible for review and approval of Information Risk Management projects Information Security Analyst Wellstar/West Georgia Health - LaGrange, GA March 2008 to March 2013 As the sole Information Security SME, worked directly with the CIO, Legal Counsel, and the executive team. Directed and developed guidelines and systems to safeguard corporate information assets. Chair of the Security Committee. Arranged and facilitated Risk Assessments, and assisted Application Support and Clinical teams in ensuring their programs supported corporate Information Security objectives.  Key Accomplishments:  • Recommended, educated and implemented risk mitigation products and technologies, reporting on compliance and overall risk posture to senior management and C-Level staff.  • Designed and supported IAM policies, procedures and systems.  • Conducted vulnerability assessments, interpreted results, and conducted remediation activities.  • Interpreted and applied principles of ISO 2700x, HIPAA, HITECH, and other related standards in technical and administrative controls.  • Supported security requirements of Active Directory/LDAP, ADCS/PKI, Citrix, SSO, desktop, server, and SaaS applications.  • Deployed and maintained desktop, email and mobile device encryption systems.  • Met with business units to facilitate secure business practices and project implementation.  • Held training and annual education events to help employees maintain continuous security awareness.  • Tracked compliance gaps, mitigating with administrative and/or technical controls. Field Engineer CPAK - LaGrange, GA July 2007 to March 2008 Under contract with West Georgia Health, instituted new IT infrastructure projects to modernize infrastructure.  Key Accomplishments:  • Implemented Active Directory and PKI using ADCS  • Installed, configured and support ticketing and client management systems.  • Coordinated install and repair activities. Technology Manager Eller and Sons Trees - Franklin, GA December 2001 to July 2007 Led diverse projects, identifying and developing technical requirements to implement new company initiatives. Tracked, measured, and established security procedures to ensure compliance with security policies.  Key Accomplishments:  • Conducted feasibility studies for and implemented technology infrastructure improvements.  • Processed payroll for 900+ employees.  • Negotiated and purchased equipment, software and services.  • Managed teams across the Southeast US.  • Oversaw major network and application upgrades and repairs.  • Researched, designed and developed software for ERP. Field Engineer Equitrac Corp - Atlanta, GA 2000 to 2003 Developed demonstration scenarios for sales presentations to customers. Customized cost recovery and other software with SQL scripting. Developed and disseminated training material for client staff and partners/administration. Performed beta testing and benchmarking of products and integrated information into new training materials. Supported sales and technical staff and engineering through e-mail and telephone. Education Master of Science in Information Security and Assurance Western Governors University Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Western Governors University Associate of Science in Electronics Technology DeVry Institute of Technology Skills SECURITY, HIPAA, INCIDENT RESPONSE, PCI, DISASTER RECOVERY Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/mervynchapman Additional Information Areas of Expertise    ? Cybersecurity Strategy  ? Security Assurance Programs  ? Incident Response Management  ? Data Loss Protection  ? Security Program Oversight  ? Multi Factor Authentication  ? Privileged Access Management    ? Risk Management & Analysis  ? Vulnerability Management  ? Policy Development  ? Endpoint Protection  ? Configuration Management  ? Identity Management    ? Compliance Gap Analysis  ? Asset Management  ? NIST, HIPAA, PCI, SOX, GDPR  ? IT Infrastructure  ? Disaster Recovery