Portfolio Manager ( IT Security) Portfolio Manager (<span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Security</span>) Portfolio Manager ( IT Security) - METROPOLITAN WASHINGTON AIRPORTS AUTHORITY (MWAA) Fort Washington, MD Certified Project Management Professional with extensive background in IT infrastructure, IT security,  Hardware/Software development using PMLC & SDLC methodologies, business analysis, data governance and  business continuity planning. Consistent history of improving efficiency, reducing costs, and enhancing business  performance by implementing technology solutions or strategies. Adept at delivering quality projects within  scope, budget and schedule, leading top-performing teams, directing system deployments, and overseeing  business continuity and recovery functions. Outstanding business, analytical and problem solving skills. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Portfolio Manager ( IT Security) METROPOLITAN WASHINGTON AIRPORTS AUTHORITY (MWAA) - Washington, DC April 2016 to Present Manage a portfolio of IT Security projects, serving as the liaison/business relationship manager between enterprise business areas and the Office of Technology. Implement project management practices, tools and  processes using PMLC, PMBOK and enterprise adapted methodologies. Partner with MWAA technical and business area stakeholders, and project teams to identify, resolve, or escalate project risks and issues. Serve as  Contracting Officer's Technical Representative (COTR).  • Engage as Change Agent to assist Authority transform in areas of IT integration, security and modernization. Improved Authority's security profile by implementing Cylance, SOC, DNS and System  certifications projects.  • Enhanced staff's user experience by integrating Single Sign On, Airwatch and Corporate Security  Directives. Increased efficiency of tracking over 10,000 IT assets valued at over $10 million by implementing a new Asset Tracking cloud-based application.  • Lead the creation of a Uniform tracking application for Public Safety to track over 5,000 uniform  components. Initiated and managed an agency-wide IT Disaster Recovery Plan, resulting in a 100%  increase in IT disaster preparedness and recoverability of over 2,000 systems. Technical Services Manager ASBC (Non-profit) - Alexandria, VA 2011 to April 2016 Executed technical operations for a 7,000 member non-profit organization. Administered $1.2M technology  budget and supervised 35 employees, volunteers, and contractors. Responsible for project life cycle  management, contract negotiations and quality assurance.  • Implemented IT security and governance policies. Managed upgrade to virtual server network resulting in improved network speeds, capacity, and stability.  • Led implementation of WiFi network, power enhancement units, and system integrations to keep pace with growing needs and membership.  • Planned and orchestrated a $1.5M AV system upgrade. Increased overall network and operational  stability and security by implementing controls, system security procedures, inventory control processes, and improvements to help desk support and network administration. President & CEO ML ENTERPRISES - Fort Washington, MD 2008 to 2011 Established and managed a residential cleaning franchise. Oversaw all business functions, including office  equipment, IT operations, marketing, sales, financials, and HR. Hired and supervised staff of 6. Built business to profitability, with annual growth as high as 38%. Senior Project Manager FREDDIE MAC 2007 to 2008 Led vital data governance, data compliance management, and strategic initiatives for $80B mortgage  organization. Supervised matrixed staff of 4 direct and multiple indirect reports. Project Manager FREDDIE MAC - McLean, VA 1986 to 2008 Senior Project Manager FREDDIE MAC 2003 to 2007 Promoted to lead the development of a Historical Loan Performance system to automate the compilation and delivery of 1 billion historical and current records to industry regulators. Oversaw quality control, management  reporting, provisioning of requirements, program development, data mining, and training. Enabled up to 10%  improvement in data quality reporting through data mining and application delivery. Manager FREDDIE MAC 2000 to 2003 Chosen to serve as division-level liaison to business and IT departments. Managed business continuity planning and technical risk oversight for 1,600-person division. Formulated strategies for resolving deficiencies and tracking on-going solutions. Led complete project life cycles, supervised teams, and evaluated performance. Senior Business Analyst FREDDIE MAC 1997 to 2000 Implemented technology solutions for Control departments. Directed end user system inventory functions and ensured compliance with corporate standards and procedures. Managed coding and testing. Developed and  deployed end user systems used by 6 financial units to track $50M in expense data and $1B-plus in loan  portfolio data. Led design of remedies for 50-plus end user systems to meet Y2K compliance needs. Senior Financial Analyst FREDDIE MAC 1994 to 1997 Business Analyst III (1990-1994), Business Analyst II FREDDIE MAC 1989 to 1990 Business Analyst I (1988-1989), and Accountant (1986-1988). Education Master's Certificate in IT Project Management ESI International/George Washington University - Washington, DC BA in w/Finance North Carolina State University - Raleigh, NC Skills CRYSTAL REPORTS (5 years), EXCEL (10+ years), LAN (10+ years), LAN/WAN (10+ years), MICROSOFT SHAREPOINT (5 years), budget, Outlook, Estimating, Maintenance, Scheduling Certifications/Licenses Project Management Professional (PMP) Driver's License Additional Information Core Competencies:  Technical Innovation ? Communication ? Reliability ? Integrity ? Analytical Thinking ? Initiative ? Organizing ?  Problem Solving ? Decision Making ? Teamwork    Technical Skills: MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio), Adobe Creative Suite, SharePoint,  Spiceworks, Crystal Reports, SAS, SQL, servers, Wi-Fi, VPN, LAN/WAN, PCs, audio/visual equipment,  Windows, and more