Human Resources Manager Human Resources Manager AN ENTRY LEVEL RECRUITER Township of Hamilton, NJ Experience administering a range of programs, providing strategic and operational development and managing cross-functional teams that deliver results. Trilingual communicator (English, Thai, Teochew Chinese dialect) brought multicultural advantages in leveraging relationship Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Human Resources Manager USAR Headquarter - Mountain View, CA February 2014 to January 2016 Promoted to support the Headquarter as a HR Subject Matter Expert in all areas of HR policies and procedures, regulations involving pay, transfer, promotions, assignments, etc., supporting 45,000 employees; managed cross-  functional team of 4 employees team; contributed to the organization development and implementation of the HR  strategy in all areas of recruitment, retention, performance management, reward, and employee engagement. Human Resources Specialist, Team Leader USAR Regional Personnel Center - Dublin, CA 2010 to February 2014 Promoted to a lead start-up regional HR office. Led 15 employees into two teams of personnel and finance  processing teams supporting 2,750 employees for 21 business units. Providing all facets of HR operations, administration, business partner, etc. Unit Administrator USAR Hospital - Vallejo, CA January 2008 to September 2010 Recruited to build a leading-edge medical unit. Headed the strategic planning, annual training, operations, finance and human resources. Supervised three (3) managers and 75 Soldiers. Oversaw $10M in medical  supplies and equipment, $1M annual payroll budget.    Key Contributions:  • Quickly evaluated existing management team and changed culture to overcome low morale and high turnover. Brought and turned around the unit to the highest standards. Achieved  phenomenal turnaround within four months.  • Reduced high turned-over. Established new Job Training and HR process that resulted in increased  employee participation from 40% to 100% increased retention 150% Education Master of Arts in Human Resource Management in Organization Leadership Brandman University - Walnut Creek, CA Bachelor of Science in Social Science in International Relations Troy State University - Fort Walton Beach, FL Skills Excel, Outlook, Powerpoint, Microsoft word, Sharepoint, Human Resources, recruitment, Employee Relations, Benefits Administration, HRIS, benefits, Secret Security Clearance (10+ years), Veteran, Military clients, PRoblem solving, Internet, Resume Writing, Job description writing, Job posting, marketing, sales, Research, International, Diversity, Talent Acquisition, Talent Management Certifications/Licenses Customer Service Additional Information • Recruitment and orientation • Compensation and merit structure  • Benefits programs • Workforce development  • HR policies and procedures • Strategic communications  • Performance management • FMLA / ADA/ EEO compliance    SKILLS  Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, ACCESS, Publisher, Outlook, SharePoint, Linkedin, Facebook,  Google, indeed, ziprecruiter, glassdoor, monster, careerbuilder, jobdb,