IT Information Security Analyst <span class="hl">IT</span> Information <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> IT Information Security Analyst - Macerich Chandler, AZ SENIOR INFORMATION SECURITY (IS), COMPLIANCE / IT PROFESSIONAL  Extensive international experience in Information Security and all aspects of Technology including Operations Management, Project Management, Application Development, Network Security, and such. A proven ability to implement, improve, monitor, and manage IS / IT. Industry experience includes Financial Services, Insurance, Retail, Hospitality, Software Services, and Manufacturing. Also have a history of liaising with local, regional, and global staffs to ensure compliance with Global standards.  Expertise in the Acquisition, Implementation, and Maintenance of IT and IS, and Services to address complex business requirements and risk exposure. Extensive qualifications in all aspects of project life cycle; development from feasibility analysis, project planning, and implementation to documentation, training, and enhancement.  Core competencies include:  • GDPR, CISA, CISM, Compliance Certifications  • PCI (Payment Card Industry) Qualified  • Cyber Security, Security Operations Center (SOC)  • SIEM (System Incident Event Management)  • Personal Identifiable Information (PII)  • US Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), Japan SOX (J-SOX), Japan Financial Services Agency (FSA) support.  • IS, Compliance, Risk Management / Controls  • Project Management Methodologies  • IT / IS Merger, Acquisition, Divestiture Management  • International Telecoms / Telephony  • Programming: RPG II, BASIC, COBOL AT Command Set,  DOS, Python  • Cultural Difference Communication  • Intl. Experience- Japan 20 years, Singapore 2 years Work Experience IT Information Security Analyst Macerich - Phoenix, AZ March 2019 to Present Policy Implementation- Reviewing and updating all Information Security Policies, Processes, Procedures, Standards and Guidelines documentation.  Monitoring and supporting the business to be compliant with all IS programs.  Created weekly IS Metrics status report for all IS programs. Self Employed Self Employed - Tokyo, JP January 2018 to December 2018 IT / Information Security, Project Mgt. Senior Consultant - Providing Information Technology ( IT),  Information Security (IS) and Project Management (PM) support in various IT Programs. Senior Information Security Analyst Hays Recruitment Japan - Tokyo, JP June 2016 to March 2017 Working full time on-site for one of Hays Recruitments clients, a Global Life Insurance company at their office in Tokyo. Working with local and Headquarters staff for Overall Process improvement in all aspects of Information Security, including Issue Management, Monitoring, Reporting, Training, Awareness, Change Management, Risk Analysis, Threat Assessment, Business Impact Analysis, External Connections, etc. Vice President Citigroup Services Japan January 2011 to November 2015 Information Security Program Management Jan 2011 - Nov 2015  - Managed and improved various Information Security Programs for improved efficiency, compliance, controls and to operate at a country-wide basis instead of 7 individual Businesses. Programs included IS Training & Awareness, Electronic Transportable Media, IS Policies and Standards and new program End User Computing (EUC). Implemented the annual Global IS Awareness Week at a country-wide level. Included coordination with all seven Japan Citi businesses, as well as region and Global. Promoted to Vice President. Business Information Security Officer Citigroup Services Japan January 2010 to November 2015 As the BISO for Citigroup Japan Holdings, Citigroup Global Markets Japan and 3 other small businesses, support, manage and monitor all aspects of Information Security to ensure compliance. This included IS Policies & Standards, Risk Assessment, Incident Management, Third-party IS Assessments, Email Security, Encryption, Electronic Transportable Media, Training & Awareness, End User Computing, ID Management, (includes Risk Exceptions and Corrective Action Plans), Data Protection, Secure Software Development, Personal Identifiable Information, Business Continuity, Network Vulnerability Assessments, IS Reporting and metrics. Conduct periodic meetings with Business Unit IS Coordinators and Senior Management. Supported Internal, External Audits/Inspections, Japan Financial Services Agency (FSA), US SOX. Citigroup Services Japan - Tokyo, JP September 2007 to November 2015 Third Party Information Security Assessor Citigroup Services Japan - Tokyo September 2007 to December 2010 Information Security Vendor Assessor  - Successfully created a new team to perform Information Security Assessments of Vendors that have access to Citigroup Confidential Information. As Japan Regional Steering Committee Representative, Coordinate and Implement new Corporate Global Policies and Procedures. PROJECT MANAGEMENT Citigroup Services Japan - Tokyo January 2005 to August 2007 Program Manager- Project Management- Successfully created a new group of six Project Managers to implement projects for Citigroup companies, following Citigroup and industry standard Project Management Methodologies. Initial Driver and contributor to create new Procedures Control Manual for the Project Management Group. Participate in Global Calls to ensure following of standards and use of up to date methodologies. Assumed Project Management Head Duties in a backup role. Project Manager Citigroup Services Japan - Tokyo April 2004 to December 2004 As Project Manager. Successfully, managed several Infrastructure projects following Citigroup standard project methodologies. After nine months, converted to Citigroup full-time employee. Promoted to Portfolio Manager after three months of being a direct employee. Information Technology Consultant, Personal Business Development, Japanese Language Student Tokyo, JP May 2001 to December 2003 Information Technology Department Manager Office Depot Japan - Tokyo, JP March 1998 to May 2001 Develop, execute and support all IT operations for Office Depot Japan, part of a Global Office Supply company with annual sales of approximately US$12 billion. Manage Vendor Relationships, Measure project implementation against planned targets, Manage coordination of US IT Corporate initiatives, Manage Japan Initiatives for US Corporate Steering committee. Oversaw a US$15 million Operating and Capital budget, and 12 IT professionals in Japan.  • Upon Office Depots purchase of Viking Office Products and the start up operations in Japan, successfully managed the integration of Viking's specific computer operations (Back Office, Warehousing, Order Entry), to use a common set of computer systems for both brands.  • Implemented the Convenience Store / Post Office payment system to improve customer service. Payment System allows customers to pay bills as bank transfers at post offices or convenience stores instead of going to a specific bank.  • Successfully coordinated two Japanese E-Commerce sites for both the Office Depot and Viking brand names. Working with an American-based application development team, managed efforts to resolve all localization and double- byte issues. Education B.S. in Business Administration University of Arizona - Tucson, AZ May 1983 Skills Security, Organizational Skills Certifications/Licenses Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) General Data Protection Regulation Certification February 2019 Certificate of Compliance November 2017 Assessments Supervisory Skills: Directing Others — Highly Proficient August 2019 Measures a candidate's ability to motivate the performance of others through feedback to identify improvements or corrective actions. Full results: https://share.indeedassessments.com/share_assignment/s-neejewtyj1c6eu Indeed Assessments provides skills tests that are not indicative of a license or certification, or continued development in any professional field.