Systems Security Analyst Systems <span class="hl">Security</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Systems Security Analyst - Monadnock Community Hospital Goffstown, NH 23 Janice Dr, Goffstown, NH 03045  (603)-867-2334 • demers.pat@gmail.com    Over 15 years' experience as a Systems Engineer/Architect/ Analyst building engineering solutions and supporting system operations. Proven technical expertise to plan, build, and deploy hardware, platform, and software solutions to enable agile business solutions with a focus on attention to detail and diligent work effort. Organizational skills to balance and prioritize competing objectives while preserving the company's best interests with high customer satisfaction.  Strong motivated team player who enjoys contributing new ideas, is energized by solving business needs with emerging technology, and help to improve current operations with fresh ideas. Have an excellent track record to keep elevating my career with proven work ethics. Work Experience Systems Security Analyst Monadnock Community Hospital August 2016 to Present Responsible for installing, supporting, and maintaining servers and/or other computer systems.  ? Planning for and responding to service outages and other technical support issues.  ? Provides detailed instructions and establishes short/long-term technical priorities.  ? Leads efforts to manage, monitor, and enhance of the controls for of a strategic, comprehensive information security program.  ? Analyzes data from various information security systems and reports findings to management when appropriate.  ? Leads forensic investigations and associated tracking related to information security concerns and incidents.  ? Design and facilitates the implementation of relevant incident response plans and emergency procedures.  ? Conducts access control reviews, configuration management reviews, penetration tests, security risk assessments, and vulnerability assessments.  ? Remains highly knowledgeable of security threats through the monitoring of threat intelligence and other industry information sources.  ? Evaluates staff submissions of suspicious emails and responds appropriately.  ? Conduct phishing simulations, awareness surveys, and awareness training. Sr. IT Security Professional Citizens Bank June 2014 to August 2016 Design solutions and develop implementation plans.  ? Provide positions and ownership of AD groups Architecture.  ? Define current processes workflow, document and reallocate functions to appropriate teams.  ? Function as technical leader and ensure project milestones are achieved.  ? Conducted and followed through VMWare permissions and new configurations.  ? Manage risks and related action plans.  ? Manage vendor relationships and work with partner teams to support new solutions.  ? Own and maintain a collection of MS Windows Servers.  ? Work with management to define system road maps and upgrade schedules.  ? Mentor and train junior team members. Sr. Infrastructure Engineer Citizens Bank June 2014 to June 2015 Lead and deploy projects to enhance the current environment.  ? Create installation scripts for AD, building custom GPO's.  ? Migrated ~4,000 corporate Blackberry devices into colleague personal iOS and Android devices using Good Mobile technologies. Project eliminated millions in annual corporate costs while improving colleague experience. Mobility Services team was created to perform migration and service on-going support.  ? Top level of support in emergency scenarios around the clock. Systems & Server Engineer Convergence Data Services October 2008 to June 2014 Lead the Installation, configuration, setup, and deployment of 11 Servers with Windows  ? Environment.  ? Install, manage and administer SQL Server 2008 platform.  ? Install, manage and administer Oracle Server 10g and 11g platforms.  ? Collect hardware specification and work with procure servers for engineering needs.  ? Manage and execute request to deploy new hardware, platforms, and software  ? Manage the release of patches & upgrades.  ? Ran project to convert company from MS Work-group to Active Directory with Security  ? policies using GPO.  ? Led company Migration from SMTP email to Exchange 2010.  ? Work on incident ticket escalations with application support team and customers to  ? troubleshoot software, platform, and server issues.  ? Deployed VOIP telephone system.  ? Perform and setup availability monitoring for servers and services.  ? Manage IIS 7 servers with custom applications using ASP.NET 4.0.  ? Configure custom web applications via web.config and inetmgr.  ? Migrated from Visual Source safe to Subversion.  ? Implemented, configured and installed bug tracking software Bugzilla.  ? Installed and configured Agilefant.  ? Deployed MediaWiki and kept it updated with IT and Software information.  ? Setup a PPTP VPN for AD users.  ? Created and managed backups for all server. Systems Server Engineer Brookstone January 2006 to October 2008 Sole Systems Server Engineer in Windows Environment of 115 servers.  ? Microsoft SQL administrator, managing security/users and backups on 17 SQL servers.  ? Lotus Domino Administrator looking over 500 users/clients.  ? Monitor and Develop Active Directory Users/Groups and Policies.  ? Setup and update BES for Lotus Domino now managing 100+ users.  ? Patch Rollouts through AD using WSUS.  ? Troubleshoot Windows Server NT, 2000 & 2003 Problems.  ? Actively monitor all servers for critical services, disk space, memory and availability. Education Associates Degree in Information Technology Southern New Hampshire University Skills Vmware, Active Directory, System Administrator, SCCM, Linux