IT Support Desk Agent Level 2 <span class="hl">IT</span> Support Desk Agent Level 2 IT Support Desk Agent Level 2 - CompuCom Rock Hill, SC • Technology graduate offering a strong academic background in IT combined with excellent internship experience as a helpdesk analyst and proficient in database.  • Consistently recognized for technical troubleshooting skills used to rapidly and cost-effectively resolve challenging technical issues.  • Quickly learn and master new technology; equally successful in both team and self-directed settings; and proficient in a range of computer systems, languages, tools and testing methodologies. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience IT Support Desk Agent Level 2 CompuCom April 2019 to Present Responsibilities:  • Assisting L1's with escalations and technical questions. Also provide technical coaching and training as things change in the environment.  • Resolves Level 1 and Level 2 issues. Elevates complex and/or high priority problems I cannot solve to the appropriate support groups for resolution (L3 Agent, Manager, etc.)  • IT Service Desk - provides first level technical support through phone, email and chat support (if applicable) to resolve technical end user service and support requests  • Diagnoses and troubleshoots end user desktop application issues and provides appropriate solution  • Follow-up with end users to provide status updates as per service level guidelines(SLA's)  • Performs account management and maintenance for various applications and systems (e.g., creates or modifies user accounts and permissions, and performs password resets).  • Communicates with customers at all levels of technical and non-technical skills sets  • Follow all standard operating procedures (SOP) through the effective use of Knowledge management  • Work collaboratively with people across the organization  • Support for PCs, laptops, printers, cell phones, and tablets etc.  • Support end users in their use of applications such as Microsoft Office, ERP, CRM, VPN, Citrix, and MDM (mobile device management) including install, modification and repair IT Support Analyst Lowes Corporate Office October 2018 to February 2019 Provided second level support to resolve problems with products and applications and perform tracking and documentation by entering details of problems, status of service requests, and resolutions into the company tracking system. I interacted with third party hardware and/or software vendors by initiating and supporting vendor services as necessary.  Responsibilities:    • Provided second level support to resolve problems with products and applications by meeting customer service standards (i.e., displaying a positive attitude, actively listening, taking ownership, leveraging knowledge, communicating clearly)  • Resolved and escalating problems as necessary to appropriate resource (e.g., support team, vendor)  • Identified recurring problems and escalates to senior staff for prioritization  • Perform tracking and documentation by entering details of problems, status of service requests, and resolutions into the company tracking system  • Monitor resolution of problems to achieve closure Cyber Security Consultant July 2015 to January 2018 Consultant  • I transfer my expertise to my customers, providing a level set and the ability to confidently monitor, manage, and improve technology risk posture on an ongoing basis.  • Vulnerability and risk assessments  • Internal and external penetration testing  • Computer security incident response  • Application and software security assurance  • Insider threat and APT assessment  • IT risk management and compliance  • Teach Microsoft Office 2016/365  • Social Media Manager Technology Testing Coordinator, Help Desk Technician Nguzo Saba Charter School - West Palm Beach, FL August 2014 to June 2016 Responsibilities:    • Responsible for school test security was a proctor during test sessions, as necessary. Provide proctor support. Provide results to students, parents, and staff, as required by the administration. Help Desk Technician I provide technical assistance to the Teachers, staff and testing center. I respond to Help Desk calls in a timely, courteous and professional manner.  • Work collaboratively with Staff, Administration, Technology and Assessment division & Pupil Services to facilitate a successful testing environment and experience for all students.  • Work with administration to communicate test information to staff, students, and parents.  • Design, create, schedule, communicate and manage test sessions.  • Troubleshoot and repair Microsoft Windows operating system problems Troubleshoot and repair Microsoft Office software problems  • Troubleshoot and repair simple network problems, including internet browser software  • Use Microsoft Active Directory in account creation/disable, password reset and group membership  • Troubleshoot and repair common personal computer hardware problems  • Image personal computers  • Eradicate malware on personal computers  • Perform other miscellaneous IT duties as needed  • Effect repairs remotely using remote desktop software (log-me in rescue)  • Assist IT Team in the configuration of new servers, systems, printers, etc. Technology includes knowledge of Windows 7, Server, SQL, Exchange, Active Directory, Group Policy, VMWare, SFTP, and Windows 10 migrations. Help IT Team maintain complete and accurate documentation for equipment, software, hardware, and peripherals.  • Install and test new software both for the network and for individual users.  • Help administer the phone system.  • Help in the repair of printers, workstations, laptops and other peripherals Computer Teacher/ IT Coordinator RJ Hendley Christian Community School - Riviera Beach, FL July 2008 to June 2014 Responsibilities:    • Computer Science Teacher, Art handled technical troubleshooting within an enterprise environment, including system crashes, slow-downs and data recoveries. Engaged and tracked Priority 1 issues, with responsibility for the timely documentation, escalation (if appropriate), resolution and closure of trouble tickets. In charge of all computer programs, for students and teachers. In charge of selecting and teaching new technology for all students grades pre-k-8th grade.  • Selected Contributions: Technology  • Set-up and implemented technology at school set up servers and all computers systems, responsible for two networks and all teachers and students systems. Exceeded issue-resolution targets and achieved exemplary high standards for school.  • Handled technical issues daily and consistently met high service standards. Implemented smart board technology for teaching, educate teachers on new technology for the school.  • Set-up student database and grading system, introduce staff and teachers to Microsoft office applications.  Office Assistance  • Provided administrative, secretarial and clerical support to others in the office to maintain an efficient office environment.  • Student Enrollment Coordinator  • Maintains office operations by receiving and distributing communications to teachers and staff.  • Served parents and staff by backing-up receptionist; answering questions; forwarding messages.  • Monitor incoming emails and answer or forward as required.  • Updated and maintained databases such as mailing lists, contact lists, student and staff information.  • Typed documents, reports and correspondence. Education A.S in Internet Services/Computer Science Palm Beach State College - West Palm Beach, FL 2005 to 2007 Skills Customer Service, Vmware, Network Administration, Exchange, Strategic Planning