Sr. IT Analyst Commodity III (EI3) Sr. <span class="hl">IT</span> <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Commodity III (EI3) Consultant Round Lake, IL Work Experience Sr. IT Analyst Commodity III (EI3) AbbVie Pharmaceutical Research & Development - Abbott Park, IL January 2019 to July 2019 • Analyzed processes and provided Root Cause and Gap Analysis for security implementation as it pertained to a new global installation of ASPIRE Financial System.  • Provided Active Directory research and user support regarding access and system permissions questions.  • Produced weekly PowerPoint Security Access Reports for upper management.  • Designed and maintained SharePoint site with self-contained InfoPath input/maintenance screens containing auto error checking and data configuration; culminating in group assignment workflow kick-off.  • Created Excel Macro-driven, formatting, configuration and processing workbooks which provided completed. output in seconds, replacing manual operations requiring hours for equal numbers of users.  • Generated Dashboards and Pivot Tables with focused (BI) reporting capabilities.  • Devised secure, quick access, information validation tools using limited system provided data and Excel. Sr. Business Process Analyst - Cyber- Security Wells Fargo Bank - Round Lake, IL February 2017 to July 2018 • Facilitated meetings with each line of business to assess security levels and protocols for every application in use by that LOB.  • Developed current state and future state (As-Is and To-Be) diagrams and drawings using Visio, IBM Blueworks Live and TIBCO  • Provided Root Cause and Gap Analysis.  • Designed EXCEL Pivot Tables, PowerPoint Presentations, etc. for presentation to the upper management.  • Determined upgrade modifications and compiled road map.  • Trained users on all Microsoft Office apps including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc., as well as process mapping and modeling in Visio, IBM Blueworks Live and TIBCO.  • Site Administrator for SharePoint (including InfoPath). Determined, implemented and modified functionality and reporting.  • Scrum Master utilizing JIRA on an AGILE based security project.  • EACO Call Supervisor. Sr. Business Process Analyst - Operational Effectiveness Discover Financial - Riverwoods, IL July 2016 to December 2016 • Worked with each line of business (LOB) to determine current state processes and procedures, as well as requirements for future state needs.  • Redefined/restructured LOB procedures, to create interconnected process flows with automated transitions and reporting.  • Created IBM Blueworks Live and Visio process flows, swim lanes, road maps and other documentation. expanded or new including Voice of the Customer, Change Monitor, Risk, etc.  • Incorporated the user's needs into the design of the InfoPath/SharePoint screens/views.  • Wrote training materials for InfoPath users and developers.  • Designed InfoPath (SharePoint) View Templates (screens) to include BI functionality and automatic verification for each LOB. Sr. Business Process Analyst / IT-ERP Reporting Engineer Aurora Health Care - Milwaukee, WI June 2015 to May 2016 • Key role in major upgrade of the entire reporting system for the Aurora Health Care network of 15 hospitals, 150 clinics and 70 pharmacies.  • As Enterprise Resource Planning Reporting Engineer analyzed conversion and data migration for accuracy, completeness and consistency.  • Provided analysis of problems, errors, and gaps in data and functionality.  • Developed training materials, instructions, guidelines, templates and SOPs.  • Wrote and trained users on the Morrisey flavor of Crystal Reports. Sr. Business Process Analyst & Engineer / BPM Cigna Health Care - Round Lake, IL January 2014 to June 2014 • Produced current state 'as is' and future state 'to be' Business Process Maps, Workflows, Swimlanes and Process Models in IBM Blueworks Live, focusing on Benefit Adjudication and Coordination of Benefits per NAIC (National Association of Insurance Commissioners) guidelines.  • Performed process discovery, documentation, analysis, scoping, and optimization.  • Received training in PEGArules 6.3 and participated in DCO (Direct Capture of Objectives) sessions.  • Facilitated remote requirements gathering sessions with stake holders and SMEs via WebEx and Lync.  • Translated business requirements into solution designs.  • Configured team space and sub-spaces in Blueworks.  • Designed and implemented SharePoint team site which included hyper-linked menus to access all team folders and sub-folders as well as the teams IT business process models within Blueworks.  • Provided training for team members on Blueworks best practices.  • Produced UML diagrams. Sr. Business Process Analyst / Validation Analyst / BPM Open Systems Technologies (Abbott Labs / AbbVie and Lincoln Financial Group) - Buffalo Grove, IL February 2011 to January 2014 Buffalo Grove IL (Consultant) Sr. Business Process Analyst / Validation Analyst / BPM    • As Sr. Business Process Analyst in Pharmacovigilance and Regulatory Affairs, I facilitated focus groups to capture and document the Abbott / AbbVie post-split Adverse Event E2B information sharing functionality  • Designed and implemented a SharePoint team site for AbbVie, streamlining their FDA mandated Adverse Events and Pharmacovigilance processing, providing BI capabilities and instant access to resources that were previously in multiple locations  • Functioned as liaison between business system owners, user communities and IT.  • Gathered and documented requirements for a new product which allowed Adverse Event Case Processors to quickly and easily access resources including SOPs, work instructions, government web-sites, MedDRA, etc., as well as internal and external document repositories.  • Produced UML diagrams, VISIO Business Process Maps (BPM) Swim Lanes, Flow Charts, Excel Wire-Frames and Workflows.  • Developed Product Development Lifecycle framework  • Participated in the development and modification of Problem and Change Management.  • This was the first Agile project for this section of Abbott/Abbvie IT, and required modification into a mix of Waterfall and Agile due to the validation aspect of the project in Regulatory Affairs and Pharmacovigilance.  • Authored Use Cases, built a Use Case Library and developed User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  • Developed stakeholder relationships and coordinated reviews and deliverable sign-offs.  • Worked with Business System Owners and IT to establish parameters and requirements; produced Wire-Frames and documentation for new SharePoint site for suppliers, products, services, contact information and status.  • Developed training materials and implemented training plans.  • Implemented Product Development Lifecycle framework.  • Training on, and subsequent work in CAPA.  • Other projects included Pharmacovigilance Literature and resource management and expanded electronic (paperless) case processing for global affiliates.    Lincoln Financial Group, (Consultant) Sr. Business Analyst / PMO Business Process Analyst / BPM    • As the Business and Process Analyst in the PMO (Project Management Office), Facilitated requirements gathering sessions with directors, managers, SMEs and other IT associates.  • Analyzed and documented processes and procedures including project request, evaluation, intake, governance, budgeting, release.  • Led the process discovery, documentation, analysis, scoping, and optimization for the PMO.  • Created VISIO Business Process Maps (BPM), Workflow Diagrams, Flow Charts and Swim Lanes.  • Wrote functional specifications and designed a variety of governance forms.  • Designed and implemented SharePoint sites and developed Excel documentation that contained direct "hot links" to the SharePoint sites and individual documents within those sites.  • Performed Process Analysis and Re-design and Produced UML diagrams.  • Defined and documented business flows, process flows and workflows.  • Built professional relationships with Change Agent Coordinator and change agents. Consultant ACE Hardware Corporation - Oak Brook, IL December 2010 to February 2011 Sr. Business Process Analyst / Documentation Specialist / BPM  • Analyzed three-year-old SAP system to determine root cause of over 1,200 defects, documented the how and where the problems were occurring as well as the remedy for each.  • Facilitated JAD sessions and gathered end-to-end departmental process flows from the five main corporation/retailer facing departments in support of a major SAP implementation.  • Worked with directors, managers, and SMEs as well as business and technical IT personnel to capture the high-level functionality, and then drilled down to more and more granular processes.  • MDM analysis and UML diagrams.  • Created VISIO Business Process Maps (BPM), Swim Lanes, Workflow Diagrams, Flow Charts.  • Designed Process Flow Matrices and Excel Wire-Frames.  • Performed Root Cause Analysis on multiple SAP defects using SIPOC. IT Consultant - Multiple Concurrent Projects June 2009 to December 2010 Business Process Analyst / Business Technical Analyst / Training Specialist  • Produced ICD-9 to ICD-10 conversion analysis. (ICD-10, the new government mandate for the health care.)  • Researched OTS vs. home-grown ICD-9/ICD-10 cross walk options.  • Elicited, analyzed, communicated and validated functional, non-functional requirements.  • Translated high-level business requirements into specifications for IT.  • Defined current and future state process flows textually and via Visio Swim Lane process flow drawings.  • Provided input to estimates for project management and change management activities through analysis of requirements effort, resources, and technology.  • Worked with IT and business users to scope, document and implement new functionality of TrackWise Global Complaints and Safety Management ERP System.  • Redesigned COGNOS reports to include enhanced product lines as well as multiple country requirements.  • Designed and modified Visio Workflow and Swim Lane process flow drawings.  • Used Crystal Reports to verify application modifications.  • Wrote Functional, User and Detail Specifications and compiled Traceability Matrix.  • Analyzed, then rewrote user manuals.  • Generated curriculum, then delivered training for OTS as well as 'home-grown' software applications, systems and communications tools as well as new hardware functionality. Business Process Analyst / Business Systems Analyst McDonald's Corporation - Oak Brook, IL April 2008 to June 2009 • Facilitated current and future state requirements gathering sessions with key stakeholders to define real estate and asset management business models, procedures and processes.  • Generated integration documentation including current vs. future state process flows.  • Interfaced with business and technical project teams to configure and document an Asset Management ERP System which included mainframe legacy and new client server components.  • Produced UML diagrams of current state (as-is) and future state (to-be) system functionality.  • Performed Business Process Mapping. Process Analysis and Redesign using VISIO.  • Configured Forms (data bases) and Layouts (dashboards/screens) and designed User interfaces.  • Designed, configured and implemented BI interfaces and workflows.  • Managed Organizational Change Management; coaching end user from awareness to acceptance.  • Wrote training materials for the SharePoint environment and trained IT staff on SharePoint and InfoPath. Business Process Analyst / Business Systems Analyst / Validation Analyst / BPM Hospira, Inc - Lake Forest, IL October 2007 to February 2008 • Analyzed complex business issues related to the implementation of TrackWise Global Complaints and Safety Management ERP System to replace ARISg and other "home grown" systems.  • Analyzed the current state and future state (as is and to be) of Adverse Event reporting.  • Researched FDA equivalent regulations of reporting authorities in Europe, Canada, South America, Australia and Asia for incorporation into the system design.  • Facilitated international teleconference requirements gathering sessions with SME's, business executives and technical leaders to define key business goals, business models, business rules, process actors and testable functional/non-functional requirements.  • MDM, best practices and legacy migration documentation for newly acquired company.  • Designed Business Intelligence (BI) and user response reporting system for data warehouse.  • Produced BPM Visio Swim Lane process flow and Workflow drawings.  • Training in CAPA as prerequisite to position.  • Lead Change Management Process for offshore teams on six continents. Consultant Open Systems Technologies (Abbott Labs / AbbVie and Lincoln Financial Group) - Waukegan, IL September 2006 to September 2007 Business Systems Analyst / Business Process Analyst / Validation Analyst - Global Pharmaceutical R&D    • Collaborated with stakeholders and tech teams in the US and Germany to design an automated CSMS, Clinical Studies Management System.  • Implemented MDM for Clinical Trials offices to directly report via internet.  • Conducted requirements gathering sessions/JAD Sessions with key users and SME's.  • Developed funding proposal for the Global Pharmaceutical Research and Development.  • Performed Business Process Mapping and Modeling for current state and future state (as is and to be) Clinical Studies Management Systems.  • Developed SDLC templates, Use Cases, UAT, Traceability Matrix and Visio Workflow and Swim Lane process flow drawings.  • Wrote Functional, User, Technical and Detail Specifications.  • Performed application demonstrations, generated training materials and trained users.  • Designed dashboards, navigation and BI interfaces.  • Gathered user requirements and designed COGNOS BI and Crystal Reports.  • Designed SharePoint libraries for In Process, QA Tested and Archived files, then implemented hyperlinks within the new as well as historical libraries to improve navigation.  • Received CFR 21 Part 11, 210 and 211 training and certification along with CAPA training.  • Received GXP (GCP, GLP & GMP) training and certification. Sr. Business Systems Analyst / Business Process Analyst / Project Manager Houghton Mifflin - Riverside Publishing, Inc - Addison, IL October 2005 to June 2006 • Architect and PM of project to deliver computer based testing, proctoring and scoring of an assessment series called the Gates-MacGinitie Reading Tests® Online. Click link below, then the Related Products panel on the left of the screen for a for the GMRT® Online Demo. https://secure.riversidepublishing.com/products/gmrt/details.html  • Facilitated requirements elicitation workshops and JAD Sessions with business users as well as with principals in IS/ IT, QA/QC, Content, Research, Legal and Graphics.  • Liaison and interpreter between technical and non-tech groups.  • Performed Business Process Mapping using Visio Swim Lane process flow drawings.  • Produced technical specification documentation for school hardware and software setup teams.  • Aided QA in testing the applications for functionality, security, flexibility, and usability on various types of PCs and Mac's using multiple browsers and operating systems.  • Produced procedural documentation for the Usability Study.  • Designed dashboards, screens, workflows, use cases and UAT.  • Developed PMO procedures and Product Development Lifecycle.  • Initiated best practices methodology  • Utilized modified Agile methodology. Consultant US Cellular - Chicago, IL June 2005 to September 2005 Technical Process Analyst / Business Systems Analyst / Project Manager    • Analyzed the HRT department's month-end reporting processes.  • Reworked and streamlined production and verification procedures.  • Wrote functional, non-functional and design specifications.  • Developed best practice standards.  • Designed BI Employee Benefits Tracking System.  • Wrote test plans use cases and UAT. Consultant Allstate Insurance - Buffalo Grove, IL December 2004 to March 2005 Business Systems Analyst / Business Process Analyst    • Gathered user requirements and performed Business Process and Performance Analysis.  • Maintained off-shore team adherence to SDLC.  • Worked with legacy migration while incorporating CNN Insurance into Allstate.  • Developed Test Plans, Use Cases and UAT.  • Performed QA Testing, Data Quality Assurance Testing and Release Management. Sr. Business Process Analyst / Systems Architect / WMS & Supply Chain Analyst / BPM LTD Commodities, Inc - Bannockburn, IL 2001 to 2004 • Architect for legacy migration using master data management processes to incorporate multiple, disparate systems into a single source, data-centric, document-centric system.  • Analyzed and documented "current state" (as is) processes, procedures and functionality of each department and every warehouse in the company.  • Designed "future state" (to be) centralized ERP system for Vendor Selection, Metrics, Purchasing, Procurement, Supply Chain, Logistics, Receiving, QA/QC, Accounting and Distribution.  • Process Analyst, Information / Solutions Architect and Tech Lead.  • Initiated MDM, master data management processes.  • Designed Business Intelligence (BI) and ETL processes.  • Worked with SQL programmers to design and implement BI reporting and interfaces.  • Designed dashboards and navigation, using Crystal Reports to verify data updates.  • Facilitated JAD sessions and acted as liaison between technical and non-tech groups.  • Designed and presented status and progress reports to senior management.  • Developed Use Cases, Test Cases, UAT, functional and detail specifications.  • Implemented programming standardization practices.  • Managed the Bar Code research, implementation and training project.  • Designed and implemented best-practice policies and procedures and PMO documentation.  • Worked with QA to redesign the vendor requirements and documentation.  • Designed CRM functionality and generated requirements for internal programmers.  • Redesigned vendor communications, instructions and correspondence. IT / IS Manager C. Beck and Associates, Inc - Schaumburg, IL 1997 to 2001 • PM for hardware/software platform migration project (from legacy mainframe to UNIX WAN).  • Designed and implemented PMO best-practice policies and procedures.  • Designed and implemented EDI between internal systems and the clients.  • Facilitated JAD Sessions; analyzed and mapped workflows and business processes.  • Designed and implemented intuitive Business Intelligence (BI) system.  • Redesigned Call Center, IVR and e-Commerce processes.  • Managed Procurement, Licensing and Help Desk.  • Trained staff on MS Word, Excel, Power Point, Access and Crystal Reports.  • Worked with the SharePoint administrators to design intuitive document libraries.  • Managed CRM, working with clients/customers such as Abbott, Searle, Merck, etc.  • Presented seminars to groups of several hundred people. IT / IS Manager OSG/Sossner - Glendale Heights, IL 1991 to 1997 • Managed the IS / IT, and HRT department for the North American branch of a multinational manufacturing, sales and distribution organization.  • Conceptualized, researched and managed the hardware/software, multi-site, legacy platform migration and enterprise software implementation project and budget.  • Directed migration from Data General MV20000 to UNIX IBM RS/6000.  • Evaluated, selected and worked with multiple vendors, supply chain and logistics.  • Facilitated Presentations, using Webinars, teleconferencing and live meetings.  • Designed PMO procedures and documentation and implemented standardization policies.  • Planned, implemented and monitored change initiatives.  • Translated business requirements into solution designs.  • Conducted solution prototype demonstrations to users for effective change management.  • Designed BI reports and produced senior management reporting.  • Designed and implemented Automated System Monitoring/Reporting. Education Computer Science College of Lake County - Grayslake, IL 1980 to 1981 Elgin Community College - Elgin, IL 1971 to 1972 Skills Asset Management, Automating Processes, Business intelligence (BI), Business Process Mapping, Change Management, Configuration Management, CRM and Sales Analysis, Customer Facing, Distribution, EACO, ERP & MRP, JIRA, Logistics, InfoPath (SharePoint), Lean 6-Sigma, Manufacturing, Metrics Analysis, Process Analysis, Process Improvement, Procurement, Regulatory Affairs (RA), Root Cause Analysis, SharePoint, Supply Chain, UML, User Training (10+ years) Certifications/Licenses Six Sigma Green Belt Present