Java Developer Java Developer Java Developer Tolleson, AZ Work Experience Java Developer Pro Unlimited@CSAA - Glendale, AZ April 2017 to July 2018 * Supported business needs by developing enhancements to existing software.  * Provided triage, analysis and solutions for production and regression defects.  * Used Agile experience to help new team develop into self managing SCRUM team. Specialist, IT Application Development Nationwide - Scottsdale, AZ December 2013 to April 2017 * Developed custom software solutions using software engineering best practices/SOLID principles.  * Supported billion-dollar line of business in New York, Chicago and San Francisco as IT subject matter expert for Management Liability and Specialty quote, rate and issuance systems.  * Managed release process and validation on a monthly basis.  * Worked collaboratively on an agile team to implement software development life cycle to quickly deliver working software solutions to meet business needs.  * Worked with external business teams to provide analytical solutions and predictive modeling capabilities to underwriters in order to make more informed business decisions.  * Designed and developed RESTful web service APIs for internal project teams.  * Mentored and on boarded new developers and testers and provided IT and business knowledge transfers.  * Participated and facilitated iteration cadence meetings for iteration planning, release planning and requirement solicitations.  * Provided mobile and web based prototypes and proof of concepts for new business development.  * Provided run and build documentation, including run books, context, UML and class diagrams and wiki/knowledge base articles. Security Analyst RL Canning - Phoenix, AZ July 2013 to December 2013 Designed, developed, tested and maintained custom Java software to parse audit logs and generate security reports to Honeywell laboratories in order to mitigate security risks and insure patching currency. System Support Analyst ArmorWorks - Chandler, AZ February 2008 to March 2013 * Managed over 400 computers and users in Active Directory.  * Created new user accounts and Exchange mailboxes for new employees.  * Created, updated and maintained SQL Server Production Inventory Databases. Education Masters of Science in Software Engineering Regis University - Denver, CO 2012 to 2014 Bachelor of Arts in Secondary Education Ottawa University - Phoenix, AZ December 2010 Skills Java, Hibernate, Spring, jquery, Html, JEE, JSP, Javascript, MVC, Rest