End User Support Analyst End User Support <span class="hl">Analyst</span> Hollywood, FL Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience End User Support Analyst Spirit Airlines - Miramar, FL August 2016 to Present End User Support Specialist, August- Present 2016    Spirit Airlines, Miramar, FL, 33023     · Provides subject-matter expertise on Windows knowledge to our user community.    · Troubleshoot hardware, software, and networking issues on laptops and desktops.    · Responds to tickets that has been escalated to resolve and complete the incidents. .    · Support users in person, by phone or email.    · Assorted project work including inventory management, imaging, workstation backup systems, and software deployments.    · Promote strict adherence to security, operating policies and procedures and creatively leverage the existing hardware and software systems.    · Educate end-users regarding technical capabilities and limitations, and fully understand details of the organizations' standards, policies and procedures and administer accordingly    · Ensure tasks are completed in line with SLA.    · Installing, configuring, and troubleshooting hardware and software incidents.    · Configured, installed, and troubleshooted for Mail Exchange on iPhone and iPad mail exchange server.    · Providing remote support using remote tools such as Team Viewer and VNC. Student Intern IT Specialist Department Of Health and Human Services - Miami Lakes, FL February 2016 to Present ? Providing remote support using remote tools like LANDesk Server.  ? Software related Patch deployment through LANDesk Server.  ? Installations of various operating systems (Windows 7, 8, and 10.) and maintaining systems and adminstration  ? Managing IT Asset Inventory  ? Managing Domain user‘s, ID creation, Roaming profile, OU, Maintaining Active Directory .  ? Updating OS Security and Software patches from the LANDesk server to the Client system, monitoring the systems for up.  ? Solving virtual private network related issues  ? Installing, managing, maintaining & configuring various type of services   Exp: - DHCP, DNS, Active Directory, Remote Desktop, VNC.  ? Backup & Configuring MS Office, MS Lync 2013  ? Actively using LANDesk service desk for ticket management.  ? Performed user and group management with DRA  ? Use the Managed by Active Directory attribute to grant ownership of a group membership list.  ? Security windows patch deployment from server and query creation in LANDesk   ? Checkpoint endpoint disk Encryption Software installing anti-virus, malware policies. Checkpoint Protection  ? Installing and upgrading latest anti-virus through management console  ? Configuration, installation, and troubleshooting for Mail Exchange on Blackberry by using Blackberry enterprise server. Security Supervisor Hilton Worldwide - Hollywood Beach, FL October 2012 to Present ? Supervising security personnel.  ? Carrying out close supervision of on-site security personnel.  ? Scheduling the work and duties of individual security officers.  ? Helping out the HR department in the reconciling of staff wages and payroll issues.   ? Immediately responding to any problems.  ? Providing leadership, guidance and support to security staff.  ? Writing clear reports and logs.  ? Operating CCTV cameras.  ? Checking and setting alarm systems.  ? Checking fire systems and fire equipment.  ? Completing reports of alarms, incidents, and complaints.  ? Overseeing the inspection of all packages entering and exiting the building.  ? Ensuring the safety and security of guests and employees.  ? Ensuring the protection of property and assets.  ? Looking for lost items belonging to staff or members of the public.  ? Checking doors and windows.  ? Professionally handling all sensitive and confidential information.  ? Carrying out physical inspections of people and bags.  ? Handling complaints in a diplomatic manner.  ? Removing unauthorized people from a building Education BS in Computer Information System Florida Memorial University - Miami Gardens, FL 2014 to 2016 BS in Computer Information System Miami Dade College - Miami, FL 2009 to 2011 Skills ? Active Listener, Customer Service Skills, IT Soft Skills, IT Hard Skills, Content Development, Communications, Written Communication, Oral Communication, Software Development, Quality Assurance, Software Development, Phyton, Photoshop, IT Soloutions, Web Design, Critical Thinking, Help desk/technical support, Business intelligence/analytics, Java (2 years), Javascript (2 years), HTML (4 years), XML (2 years), SQL, Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Account Management (1 year), Imaging Software