Senior Security Engineer Senior <span class="hl">Security</span> Engineer Senior Security Engineer - AMD Inc Uhland, TX Sr. IT Security Engineer with more than 18 years extensive experience in information security. Expertise includes: multi-platform Firewalls, IDS/IPS, Cisco LAN and Cisco wireless networks, RedHat Linux and Sun Solaris supports, network monitoring and analyzing, etc. Highly regarded for dedicated teamwork, high-energy work ethic, keeping abreast of cutting edge technologies, and commitment to end-users/customers satisfaction. Work Experience Senior Security Engineer AMD Inc - Austin, TX August 2017 to Present • Use PA expedition/migration tool to fix invalid, duplicated, unused firewalls objects and rules.  • Use PA minemeld to acquire threat feeds for firewall External Dynamic Lists and enforce policies.  • Set up and implement Algosec firewalls management tools to optimize firewall policies settings.  • Plan and implement firewalls URL Filtering, Server-monitor and zone updates and consolidation  • Plan and prepare for AMD Palo Alto firewalls GlobalProtect Portal and Gateway, User ID Project  • Plan, prepare, implement panorama and firewalls maintenance, upgrading and updates as needed.  • Troubleshoot AMD Palo Alto firewalls Security/NAT policy, VPN, routing, etc. production issue Senior IT Security Engineer Atlas Air Inc - Purchase, NY December 2016 to July 2017 • Plan and implement Atlas Air internal new PKI, including Root/issuing CA, certificate auto enroll  • Upgrade and implement Riverbed NetProfiler network performance monitor, gateway/shark refresh  • Implement Juniper PCS VPN refresh project security assessment and Cisco ISE security assessment  • Plan and implement McAfee Antivirus Scan for Storage project for multiple Atlas EMC Isilon filers  • Plan and prepare for tripwire, bluecoat, arcSight ESM, gigamon, projects refreshing and upgrading  • Participate in new DMZ design, and review/assess Atlas firewalls, routers/switches security settings Network Security Consultant Cox Communications - Atlanta, GA January 2014 to December 2016 • Work in Cox Security Engineering team to provide network security support for different projects  • Participate in the design, setup and initial configure Cox P6 Lab network security infrastructure  • Responsible for implement, configure and support of Cox P6 Lab network security infrastructure  • Responsible for projects security request review, evaluation, verification and FW rules updates.  • Responsible for the firewalls management tools' operation, support, and maintenance in the P6 lab  • Contribute to the ongoing development of network and security standards, best practices/procedures  • Create, maintain and update Cox P6 Lab security infrastructure documents and topology diagrams  • Provide firewall and network troubleshooting support as needed for different application projects Network Security Consultant Federal Reserve Bank - Boston, MA September 2012 to December 2013 • Develop architecture solution to migrate various FED district firewalls to Juniper JUNOS SRX firewalls.  • Initiate an automatic solution for firewall provision. Shorten the time for firewall configuration by 80%.  • Responsible for security policies review, implementation, and best practice compliance checks.  • Support and troubleshoot firewalls, networks problems as needed for different FED customer sites.  • Configure, implement and manage Juniper SRX 650 and Paloalto firewalls across all bank systems.  • Participate in and assist the development of technology roadmaps evaluations, architecture reviews Network Security Engineer Sr CSC - Newington, CT January 2007 to September 2012 • Responsible for manage and maintain UTC and P&W Sidewinder firewalls and Cisco ASA firewalls  • Implement/maintain VPN tunnels on Puerto Rico IAS Sidewinder to Cisco Pix/Check Point firewall.  • Setup a Unix script/cronjob to automatic backup Sidewinders configuration daily, weekly and monthly.  • Research and evaluate Fortigate, PaloAlto, Sidewinder Firewalls for UTC AppPorxy upgrading project.  • Provide expert mentoring support on Sidewinder firewall/AppProxy including 24x7 escalations support.  • Participate in the UTC NDC Cisco 6509 core switches dual redundancy paths redesign/deployment  • Maintain network services - DNS, QIP IP Address Management systems.  • Deploy Cisco Nexus1000V Virtual switch for the UTC Exchange 2010 VMware virtualization project.  • Manage Cisco CSM and implement Cisco ACE load balancer for the Exchange 2010 VMware project.  • Responsible for administrating/maintaining the DNS, mail relays of Pratt & Whitney IAE network.  • Responsible for managing/maintaining the CSC NDC wireless network --firewall, controller, router.  • Responsible for backup support of UTC web hosting load balance of Cisco CSM and ACE Appliance.  • Support NDC LAN refresh project, deploy, configure and cutover to new 6509 Data Core switches.  • Deploy GigaMon and ClearSight network sniffers in web hosting DMZ for network troubleshooting.  • Deploy several UTC WLAN wireless projects, configure/manage the Cisco controllers and WiSMs. Network Analyst ESPN - Bristol, CT October 2001 to January 2007 • Responsible for setup/managing RSA ACE Servers for SecurID two-factor authentication access control.  • Responsible for setup/managing HP OpenView NNM to monitor over 200 network devices and services.  • Responsible for setup/managing CommVault/Galaxy backup network to provide DMZ disaster recovery.  • Responsible for setup/managing ISS SiteProtector/Proventia G IPS, Enterasys Dragon IDS and sensors.  • Performed enterprise networks security duties using firewalls, IDS, router, switch, load balancer.  • Setup and managed SC Sidewinder firewalls to enforce security policy on the network perimeters.  • Deployed and managed Cisco AS5350 routers to provide remote access service to mobile users.  • Implemented ISS Server Sensor 7.0 IDS on Sun Solaris servers to monitor system security violation.  • Setup and managed jumpstart/kickstart servers to auto-install Solaris/Linux OS/packages/patches.  • Setup 2 wu-ftp servers with 2 NetApp 740 filers, load balancer to provide auto-failover FTP service.  • Write various shell scripts to effectively/centrally configure and administrate Solaris/Linux systems.  • Use MRTG to monitor network devices' CPU, interface, memory, disks usage, RAS users numbers.  • Harden Solaris servers, shut down all not necessary ports/services for all new build web servers. Network Administrator Ensim Inc - Santa Clara, CA September 1999 to September 2000 • Managed over 100 NT, Linux, Solaris servers including DNS, DHCP, WINS, and NFS file servers.  • Wrote various shell scripts to effectively and centrally configure and administrate Solaris systems.  • Troubleshoot network/system problems, provide desktop and laptop supports to over 100 end users.  • Documented network design and operational procedures for day to day customer event handling. Production Manager Polishing Corporation of America - Santa Clara, CA September 1996 to July 1998 • Coordinated with all internal departments to maximize customer service level at the lowest cost.  • Hired, trained, and motivated production workers to assemble a team focus on quality control.  • Lowered wafer lapping cost 50% by adopting patent lapping technology and chemical compounds.  • Controlled entire production operations and assume full responsibilities in behalf of the owner. Quality Engineer/Manager Momentum Laser Inc - Santa Clara, CA February 1996 to August 1996 • Interfaced with suppliers, production teams, and customers to solve product quality problems.  • Carried out root cause analysis to determine corrective measures/actions for product defects.  • Provided quality assurance, ISO 9000 Quality Standards training/direction to all employees.  • Ensured that the quality of products and services meet all customers' criteria and specifications. Production Supervisor Ma Labs Inc - San Jose, CA June 1991 to July 1992 • Supervised, coordinated, and scheduled varied production and equipment maintenance activities.  • Planned, designed, & set up new SMT assembly production lines to expand production capacities.  • Hired and trained production operators, help increasing their motivation and quality control skills.  • Improved products quality and productivity by employees training and tools/fixtures redesigning. Manufacturing Engineer Jiangxi Cement Plant, Wannian, Jiangxi - CN January 1982 to December 1989 • Provided technical, quality control, and manufacturing expertise to cement grinding department.  • Designed various process layouts of limestone crushers, conveyors, and dust collecting systems.  • Wrote proposals, feasibility reports, and engineering specifications for various cement projects.  • Interacted with contractors, subcontractors and design teams to implement design modifications. Education Mission College MS in Construction Management Clemson UNIVERSITY BS in Materials Engineering TongJi UNIVERSITY - Shanghai, CN Skills CISCO, DNS, FIREWALLS, BGP, EIGRP, JUNIPER, OSPF, TACACS, VPN, AUTHENTICATION, FIREWALL, PKI, RSA, CISCO ASA, CISCO ASA FIREWALLS, HSRP, IDS, IPSEC, IPS, METASPLOIT, Information Security, Cyber Security, Network Security Additional Information IT SKILLS:    Firewall: Palo Alto, Juniper SRX, Check Point, Sidewinder, Fortigate, and Cisco ASA firewalls.  Palo Alto Panorama, Juniper NSM/Space, Check Point SmartCenter management tools.  IDS/IPS: Open source tripwire and snort, IBM Proventia G, SiteProtector 2, and Enterasys Dragon.  Pen test tools: Metasploit, nmap, Burp Suite, Tenable Nessus scanner, scapy, netcat, wireshark, tcpdump.  Networks: DMZ LAN WLAN design and Cisco Routers, Switches, and enterprise private network.  Protocol: IPSec VPN, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, HSRP, SNMP, TACACS+, RADIUS, NAT, DNS, FTP.  Linux/Unix: Kali, Ubuntu, Red Hat linux, Solaris 2.6-8, sh, bash shell scripting and Kick/Jumpstart server.  Others: PKI, Cisco ISE, Riverbed NetProfiler, Tufin, AlgoSec, RSA two-factors Authentication