Security Consultant <span class="hl">Security</span> Consultant Student Security Consultant - Network Defense Syracuse, NY CompTIA Security+ certified with 3+ years of experience in the field of Information Technology. Meticulous and a knack for learning new skills, proficient at handling cyber security incidents and evaluating the security trade-offs associated with the business. Authorized to work in the US for any employer Work Experience Security Consultant Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY May 2017 to Present • Expertise in analyzing the events and alerts generated by Snort based  NIDS and efficiently respond to more than 500 cybersecurity incidents  per day.  • Developed bash and python scripts to automate the investigation of Software cyber- security incident and scrutinizing network logs which increased the incident response rate by 30% as a part of SOC team.  • Conduct Network vulnerability assessments using tools like Nmap,  Nessus, QualysGuard, and provide countermeasures to ensure security  compliance.  • Developed a python script to generate report on phishing activities,  security incident trend, and security policy violation by collecting data from  Splunk enterprise.  •Perform malware analysis using reverse engineering in a sandboxed  environment and execute behavior analysis tools viz. Wireshark, Process  Explorer, and OllyDbg to determine post exploitation damage. IT Analyst Caterpillar - Bangalore City, Karnataka July 2013 to June 2016 • Implemented firewall rules on CISCO ASA Firewall to provide network  connectivity between external network devices and enterprise network.  • Executed Network Vulnerability scans for internal hosts to identify false  positives and ensure patches are up to date.  • Presided change management process and created backup plans which  minimized the change related incidents by 10%.  • Achieved Service Level Agreement (99% availability) of all the assigned  incidents tickets which resulted in higher customer satisfaction. Education M.S. in Information in Information Management, Information Security Management Syracuse University - Syracuse, NY August 2016 to May 2018 Skills Python (1 year), Linux (1 year), Network Security (1 year), MySQL (Less than 1 year), Firewalls (Less than 1 year), JIRA (1 year), Management (3 years) Links http://www.linkedin.com/in/anilagrawal15 Certifications/Licenses CompTIA Security+ February 2017 to February 2020 Additional Information Secured Rank 7 national level at the National Cyber League competition  as a team captain.  Awarded as the best employee of the quarter (2015) for my contribution to an automation project.